In reducing total prediction error MNSE and AME polynomial kernel produced the best result while in predicting trend DS  , CU and CD radial basis and polynomial kernel produced equally good results. The authors showed that in general case finding all simple paths matching a given regular expression is NP-Complete  , whereas in special cases it can be tractable. This step uses Bro 27  , whose signature matching engine generates a signature match event when the packet payload matches a regular expression that is specified for a particular rule. Finally   , if the effective number of particles �ωt� −2 2 falls below a threshold we stochastically replicate each particle based on its normalized weight. During learning phase  , the support vector machine will be trained to learn the edge and non­ edge pattern. This expression can be evaluated to a mathematical formula which represents any arbitrary reachability property. The edit operations which we allow in approximate matching are insertions  , deletions and substitutions of symbols  , along with insertions of inverted symbols corresponding to edge reversals and transpositions of adjacent symbols  , each with an assumed cost of 1. ranging from the macroscopic level -paper foLding or gift wrapping -to the microscopic level -protein folding. Hashtag query expansion with association measure HFB2a. The inference module identifies the naming parts of the clustered join points  , forms a regular expression for each set of naming parts  , and finally outputs the pointcut expression by combining the individual expressions with the pointcut designator generated by the designator identifier. Particularly  , we investigate an inductive learning method – Genetic Programming GP – for the discovery of better fused similarity functions to be used in the classifiers  , and explore how this combination can be used to improve classification effectiveness . PV-DBOW maps words and documents into low-dimension dense vectors. For the rest of the discussion  , we will assume that the ISSUBSUMED boolean operator can be implemented by re-writing to the SQL/XML XMLExists function.  AQR can additionally " punish " relevant documents that do not include the terms selected for expansion. For example  , the image in Figure 1b of a three-page fold-out exhibits distortion from both folding and binder curl. As part of an earlier task on a system that supported the visualization of object connections in a distributed system  , the subject had implemented a locking mechanism to allow only one method of an object to execute at one time. If the pattern has a 'don't care' symbol  , then the cell should essentially perform a 'unit stage delay' function to propagate the match signal from the previous stage to the next stage. The Fourier coefficients are used as features for the classification. The sort-merge scmi ,join methods SSSRI and PSSM rcqulrc a similar numher of' disk acccsscs. This approach is yet a batch learning approach and it consequently suffers of drawbacks of all batch learning approaches as it requires a very large number of human annotations to learn link specifications of a quality comparable to that of EAGLE. Then  , in this subsection we plan to investigate to what extent genetic programming used by GenProg worsens the repair efficiency over random search used by RSRepair. " Section 4 defines CyCLaDEs model. One of the benefits of our visual notation is encapsulation. These two features are essentially one-step random walk features in a more general context 13. Figure 2is a flowchart of user interactions under the TDCM model. Like regular hash teams  , such sortbased query techniques are only attractive if the columns of at least some of the join and group-by operations are the same. This is effectively done in the same cycle that the search is conducted. We also write some regular expression to match some type of entities . The first regular expression to match defines the component parts of that section. In the current implementation  , only noun phrases are considered for phrase recognition and expansion. Expansion terms are then grouped and combined with the original query for retrieval. As expected  , the number of results is lower because fewer components were able to pass the more stringent tests. We used synonymous word pairs extracted from Word- Net synsets as positive training examples and automatically generated non-synonymous word pairs as negative training examples to train a two-class support vector machine in section 3.4. Recent work has addressed this drawback by relying on active learning  , which was shown in 15 to reduce the amount of labeled data needed for learning link specifications. Thus  , the key to recursive design for time­ delay systems is how to overcome this difficulty to construct recursively the virtual control law in each step such that in the final step the derivative of the Lyapunov-Razumikhin function of the system is neg­ ative whenever the Razumikhin condition holds. Question mark applied to an atom  , e.g. To our knowledge  , this is the first time such a Multi-Start/Iterated Local Search scheme 7 has been combined with OLS. As mentioned in Section 3.2  , a parameter is required to determine the semantic relatedness knowledge provided by the auxiliary word embeddings. In such a case  , we first need to distribute the expression " GRAPH γ " appropriately to atomic triple patterns in order to prescribe atomic SPARQL expressions accessible by basic quadruple pattern matching. However  , these solutions almost always undermine model performance as compared to that of a model induced from complete information . Autocorrelation is a statistical dependence between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. From these examples  , and considering the range of struc­ tures we are interested in creating  , we identify four principle requirements for a viable self-folding method: I sequential folding  , II angle-controlled folds  , III slot-and-tab assem­ bly  , and IV mountain-valley folding. For example  , if the question category is COUNTRY  , then a regular expression that contains a predefined list of country names is fetched  , and all RegExp rewriting is applied to matches. A new technique is required to handle the grouping operation in queries. Sideway functions and sideway values are selectively employed by users for two purposes: a User-guided query output ranking and size control. The relationship between context instances and patterns is called the matching relation  , which is mathematically represented by the belong-to set operator . Xcerpt's pattern matching is based on simulation unification. 6  holds the objects during the breadth-first search. Given that genetic programming is non-deterministic  , all results presented below are the means of 5 runs. We can now focus on these type-II knobs  , and perform hill climbing to obtain a potentially better knob configuration. At least as serious  , the single existing set of relevance judgements we know of is extremely limited; this means that evaluating music- IR systems according to the Cranfield model that is standard in the text-IR world…is impossible  , and no one has even proposed a realistic alternative to the Cranfield approach for music. The query pruning 14 similarly optimizes regular path expressions  , but it is inapplicable to arbitrary recursive functions containing operations interleaved arbitrarily with navigation since such recursive functions are not transformed to finite automata. This prompts a need to develop a technique to escape from local minima through tunnelling or hill-climbing. We proposed to tackle this problem by random walk on the query logs. These three input parameters have already been introduced before. In this paper we present a randomized and hill-climbing technique which starts with an initial priority scheme and optimizes this by swapping two randomly chosen robots. The resulting plain text is tokenized using a regular expression that allows words to include hyphens and numeric characters. Such situations never arise in traditional work on materialized view maintenance GM95  , Kuc91  , GMS93  , SJ96 where all the base data is usually assumed to be available . There is often not much texture in indoor man-made environments for high coverage dense stereo matching. words are mapped to their base forms thus completely solving the problem with the generation of plural forms. At every jvar-node  , we take intersection of bindings generated by its adjacent tp-nodes and after the intersection  , drop the triples from tp-node Bit- Mats as a result of the dropped bindings. In general  , l in Definition 3.1 could be a component of a generalized path expression  , but we have simplified the definition for presentation purposes in this paper. Third  , we were interested in how the different systems took advantage of secondary indices on joining attributes   , when these were available. Finally  , it produces and returns the resulting regular expression based on case 4 line 17. It also allows introduction of expansion terms that are related to the query as a whole  , even if their relationship to any specific original query term is tenuous. However  , they become computationally expensive for large manufacturing lines i.e. All of the points have the same pattern and this is suitable for a template matching because the points may be able to be extracted through a template matching procedure using only one template. Given an existing single-machine indexer  , one simple way to take advantage of MapReduce is to leverage reducers to merge indexes built on local disk. A self-organizing feature map consists of a two-dimensional array of units; each unit is connected to n input nodes  , and contains a ndimensional vector Wii wherein i ,j identifies the unit at location Ci ,jJ of the array. We further apply query expansion for multilingual representations . The recency-based query-expansion approach described in Section 3.2 scores candidate expansion terms based on their degree of co-occurrence with the original query-terms in recent tweets. The parallel collection is larger and more reliable than the test collection and should provide better expansion information  , both for terms and weights. Then we compute the single source shortest path from y using breadth first search. Our approach provides a novel point of view to Wikipedia quality classification. For query expansion  , besides the commonly used PRF  , we also made use of the search result from Google for query expansion. We experimented with using row expansion to indirectly expand the query in 2 of our Main Web Task submissions. Their method was compared with five feature selection methods using two classifiers: K-nearest neighbour and support vector machine and it preformed the best for three microarray datasets. There are two main problems in synopsis construction scenarios. The robot then uses a Dijkstra-based graph search 20 to find the shortest path to the destination. Approaches to the imputation of missing values has been extensively researched from a statistical perspective 7 ,11 ,12. Our second submission only uses Wikipedia for query expansion . To copy otherwise  , to republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. Our work seeks to address two questions: first  , is Flat-COTE more accurate than deep learning approaches for TSC ? We Figure 2 : Three-tiered distributed sort on Cell  , using bitonic merge. Siena is an event notification architecture . The other characters are used as delimiters between tokens. Additionally  , we report the results from a recent deep learning system in 38 that has established the new state-of-the-art results in the same setting. Each invocation produces an index into the list of zy pairs  , thereby defining a contour point. Note that the proposed search-result-based approach produced better translations than the anchor-text-based approach for the random Web queries. In the above argument we established that the iterative program will terminate whenever the original recursive program does and that the two programs will then return the same value. They are not specifically interested in image search  , however  , but use image data because it has features that suit the research questions on that paper. 18 have demonstrated that soft pattern matching greatly improves recall in an IE system. This model can represent insertion  , deletion and framing errors as well as substitution errors. Several approaches that combine genetic programming and active learning have been developed over the course of the last couple of years and shown to achieve high F-measures on the deduplication see e.g. Figure 1illustrates the general framework for relation based query expansion. Each randomized search used a distinct seed generated from a pseudo-random sequence  , and was limited to one hour of execution time and 2GB of memory  , with the exception of BoundedBuffer. DBSCAN expands a cluster C as follows. The SOM is designed to create a two-dimensional representation of cells topologically arranged according to the inherent metric ordering relations between the samples in the feature space. However  , as the number of query terms increases  , the rates of improvement brought about by query expansion become significantly less. Most data visualizations  , or other uses of audio data begin by calculating a discrete Fourier transform by means of a Fast Fourier Transform. Instance learning approaches exploit regularities available in Deep Web pages in terms of DOM structures for detecting data records and their data items. Recent work has only just begun to incorporate temporal information into statistical relational models. Second one  , numerically calculate the derivative using the finite difference method. Hill climbing does not work well for nonconvex spaces  , however  , since it will terminate when it finds a local maxima. For ESTER  , we implemented a particularly efficient realization of a hash join which exploits that the word ranges of our queries are small. The term "Genetic Programming" was first introduced by Koza 12 and it enables a computer to do useful things by automatic programming.  Supervised hashing: Cross-Modal Similarity-Sensitive Hashing CMSSH 6 5  , Semantic Correlation Maximization SCM 28   , and Quantized Correlation Hashing QCH are supervised hashing methods which embed multimodal data into a common Hamming space using supervised metric learning. A Fast Fourier Transform FFT based method WiaS employed to compute the robot's C-space. In addition  , we will cast the model in a more principled graphical model framework  , formulating it as a latent variable model where the summary " influence " weights between pairs of nodes are hidden variables that change over time and affect the statistical dependencies between attribute values of incident nodes. This assumption makes sense when users surf the Web randomly Section 2  , but it may not be valid when users visit pages purely based on search results. In case of the paper material the folding edge flips back to its initial position. These keyword-list RegExps are compiled manually from various sources. K to approximate the result of DBSCAN. Here we use breadth-first search. Besides the discrete design variables  , the size of the search space is further increased by six continuously varying parameters defining the position and orientation of the space shuttle with respect to the satellite. Although surface text pattern matching is a simple method  , it is very effective and accurate to answering specific types of ques- tions. Further reduction in the computations can be accomplished by minimizing the coefficient of the logarithmic function of the time complexity . Three runs were submitted for the QA track. Equations 1-5 represent a few simple formulas that are used in this study. While this heuristic captures some information about obstacles in the environment  , it does not account for the orientation of the robot. That is  , all statistics that one computes from the completed database should be as close as possible to those of the original data. To handle this 1-n generation  , we found it convenient to code the set of candidate answers using a regular expression. Second  , query similarity can be used for performing query expansion. To handle inter-procedural dependences including recursive functions/procedures  , we have introduced auxiliary types of nodes in a PDG. The regular expression is evaluated over the document text. Most of these approaches focus on enhancing user search experiences by providing related queries to expand searches 29. A similar strategy was used by the Exodus rule-generated optimizer GDS ? On the other hand  , the participant with a losing hand would try to bet in a way that the other players would assume otherwise and raise the bet taking high risks. The sorted data items in these buffers are next merge-sorted into a single run and written out to disk along with the tags. Using all terms for query expansion was significantly better than using only the terms immediately surrounding the user's query Document/Query Representation  , All Words vs. Near Query. We use a variation of these models 28  to learn word vector representation word embeddings that we track across time. The idea is to model  , both the structure of the database and the query a pattern on structure  , as trees  , to find an embedding of the pattern into the database which respects the hierarchical relationships between nodes of the pattern. The organization of this paper is as follows: Section 2 outlines the definition of dedi-ous workspace and its significance in computing the inverse solutions. More specifically  , it first identifies all the AB-paths L 1   , . It is based on structural risk minimization principle from computational learning theory. To answer our research question " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " Given a problem  , the basic idea behind genetic programming 18 is to generate increasingly better solutions of the given problem by applying a number of genetic operators to the current population . For DBSCAN we do not show the results for DS4 and Swiss-roll since it returned only one cluster  , even when we played with different parameter set- tings. We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. The composite effects of query expansion and query length suggest that WebX should be applied to short queries  , which contain less noise that can be exaggerated by Web expansion  , and non-WebX should be applied to longer queries  , which contain more information that query expansion methods can leverage. The artificial data was generated as decribed in 2 from random cubic polynomials. The fourth column lists the feature on which the regular expression or gazetteer as the case may be is evaluated. The Classic Sort-Stop plan provides much better performance than the Conventional Sort plan as long as it is applicable; its curve stops at N = 10 ,000 because its sorted heap structure no longer fits in the buffer pool beyond that point. Each sampler was allowed to submit exactly 5 million queries to the search engine. An additional lower bound based on randomly sorting the fused ranking was also measured. In 5 some numeric values for the components of the joint axis vectors and distance vectors to the manipulator tip were found  , for whiclr the Jacobian matrices have condition numbers of 1. This paper presents our research work on automatic question classification through machine learning approaches  , especially the Support Vector Machines. We show in this paper that this expectation does not hold in practice. We also employed GenProg to repair the bugs in Coreutils. Active search -Active tactile search for object indentification and determination of position and attitude is central to achieving adequate manipulation and assembly capability. For example  , Smeaton and Callan 29 describe the characteristics of personalization  , recommendation  , and social aspects in next generation digital libraries  , while 1  , 26 describe an implementation of personalized recommender services in the CYCLADES digital library environment. The primary contribution of this work is increased understanding of effectiveness measures based on explicit user models. Compared to random search  , genetic programming used by GenProg can be regard as efficient only when the benefit in terms of early finding a valid patches with fewer number of patch trials  , brought by genetic programming  , has the ability of balancing the cost of fitness evaluations  , caused by genetic programming itself. On the other hand  , pattern matching method performs directly on original image. With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. Unrestricted templates are extremely powerful  , but there is a direct relationship between a template's power and its ability to entangle model and view. Random SearchAb1 : basic strategy : the ability to find task by moving random direction. This involves redefining how labels are matched in the evaluation of an expression . During our developement work we investigated the impact of various system parameters on the IR results including: the transcriber speed  , the epoch of the texts used for query expansion   , the query expansion term weighting strategy  , the query length  , and the use of non-lexical information. Surface text pattern matching has been adopted by some researchers Ravichandran & Hovy 2002  , Soubbotin 2002 in building QA system during the last few years. Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. Each URL not matching any patterns is regarded as a single pattern. The PATTERN clause is similar to a regular expression. In 18  , convolutional layers are employed directly from the embedded word sequence  , where embedded words are pre-trained separately. For SD the only feature of interest is the objecttext – i.e. the necessary hard constraints have been applied to yield a feasible solution space defined on the PCM  , any path on the PCM  , from the point corresponding to the initial position of the robot to a point on the T G S   , will give rise to a valid solution for the interception problem. Pattern matching checks the attributes of events or variables. In the faceted distillation task  , we use the support vector machine to evaluate the extent to which a blog post is opinionated. They developed an improved search engine for content on Stack Overflow which recommends question-and-answer pairs as opposed to entire Q&A threads based on a query. With this model  , we can reduce the effects of background words and learn a model which better captures words concentrating around users' collective interests. Indeed  , it can he argued that the PRM framework was instrumental in this broadening of the range of applicability of motion planning  , as many of these prohlems had never before heen considered candidates for automatic methods. Certainly  , if the lexicon is available in main memory it can be scanned using normal pattern rnatching techniques to locate partially specified terms. Finally  , we propose a novel selective query expansion mechanism which helps in deciding whether to apply query expansion for a given query. From the local active time  , the segment and simple times are derived the model is logically inverted to calculate the active duration from simple duration. As indicated above  , there are basically two ways in which the search tree can be traversed We can use either a breadth first search and explicit subset tests Apriori or a depth first search and intersections of transaction lists Eclat. Although the PSO has the stochastic property  , i.e. unary operators including sequential scan  , index scan and clustered index scan ; l binary operators including nested join  , index join and sort-merge join ; . Lower bounds – random and round robin: To establish a lower bound on performance  , the effectiveness of a round robin technique was measured: ranking the fused documents based solely on their rank position from source search engines. Mean values and first and third quartiles are given in Figure 4for both ambiguous and non ambiguous topics. They create their own collections by simply giving a MC that characterizes their information needs and do not provide any indication about which are the ISs that store these documents. Nevertheless  , such pattern matching is well supported in current engines  , by using inverted lists– our realization can build upon similar techniques. often turns out to be sub-optimal because of significant changes that occur in the external sort's memory allocation during the preliminary merge steps. Taking a more detailed look at the effect of certain thesaurus relationships on the effectiveness of query expansion  , Greenberg determined that synonyms and narrower terms are well suited for automatic query expansion  , because they " increased relative recall with a decline in precision that was not statistically significant " 6 . Formally  , assume that we have a set U of unreachable atomic propositions. Tuning Interrelated Knobs: We may know of fast procedures to tune a set of interrelated knobs. An alternative query expression mechanism appeared in 3  , where regular expressions were used to represent mobility patterns. Operator  , Resource  , Property or Class and the optional :constraintPattern for a regular expression constraint on the parameter values. Using the intersection of these two captures  , we estimate the entire size of the population. Furthermore  , our work combines a streaming DBSCAN method along with constraints requirements that are not only at the instance level  , but also at the cluster level. Since only foreign keys that meet the ÑÑÒ ×ÙÔÔ condition are kept in the join node  , no redundant join is performed. By a separately trained word embedding model using large corpus in a totally unsupervised fashion  , we can alleviate the negative impact from limited word embedding training corpus from only labeled queries. We tested our technique using the data sets obtained from the University of New Mexico. This is followed by a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT across the segments for a selected set of frequency spectra to obtain Fourier coefficients modeling the dynamics. Although breadth-first search does not differentiate Web pages of different quality or different topics  , some researchers argued that breadth-first search also could be used to build domain-specific collections as long as only pages at most a fixed number of links away from the starting URLs or starting domains are collected e.g. Some common or often proposed initial transformations are: lookalike transformations  , HTML deobfuscation  , MIME normalization  , character set folding  , case folding  , word stemming  , stop words list  , feature selection 3. Otherwise  , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. In this experiment  , we will only keep the good expansion terms for each query. Moreover  , we enhance our random walk model by a novel teleportation approach which lets us go beyond the original web graph by connecting pages that have a good chance of being influential for each other in terms of their search impact. However  , their pattern languages are limited by a small number of pattern variables for matching linguistic structures. Secondly  , having a more accurate selection in an incremental transformation allows minimizing the instructions that need to be re-evaluated. In a breadth-first search approach the arrangement enumeration tree is explored in a top-bottom manner  , i.e. A fourth layer is used to locally activate the contractile component  , enabling sequential and simultaneous folding. Especially with unpitched sources  , we expect that searching for a melody will be complex  , not simply a matter of literal string matching. See Figure 11for an example plan. The target edge is also identified in the image and the relative distance between the two edges is calculated. Extensions to regular expression search would also be of interest. These candidates are incomplete solutions till rank i. In a real interactive situation users may be shown more terms than this. The documents retrieved by the web browsers of focused crawlers are validated before they are stored in a repository or database. As an example  , consider the problem of pattern matching with electrocardiograms. The CYCLADES system users do not know anything about the provenance of the underlying content. The CNN structure used in this paper is illustrated in Fig. The result of the synonym expansion would be added to the former result of query expansion by other means. Our dataset PDFs  , software  , results is available upon request so that other researchers can evaluate our heuristics and do further research. The time and space complexity of IMRank with the generalized LFA strategy is low. We construct a work list starting at persist.root so we can perform a breadth-first search of the object graph. First  , we propose a specific query expansion method. We maintained a data store of basic regular expression formats  , suitable substitution types  , an allowable answer type  , and a generic question format for the particular rela- tion. This is an important optimization since indeed the volumes in each time interval yield a sparse vector. In the following section  , we describe how the distance metric F i is learned. Two-stage hill climbing 5.2.1. In the case of DBSCAN the index finds the correct number of clusters that is three. For the query expansion  , we use the top 5 most frequent terms of the summary already produced. Similarly  , the *PARAGRAPH* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single paragraph. WordNet synsets are used for query expansion. By correlating drive-by download samples  , we propose a novel method to generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs to detect drive-by downloads. The larger the LIB  , the more information the term contributes to the document and should be weighted more heavily in the document representation . Each of the initial seed SteamIDs was pushed onto an Amazon Simple Queue Service SQS queue. The following table lists all combinations of metric and distance-combining function and indicates whether a precomputational scheme is available ++  , or  , alternatively   , whether early abort of distance combination is expected to yield significant cost reduction +: distance-combining func But IO-costs dominate with such queries  , and the effect of the optimization is limited. For example  , the following example  , in the pseudo-regular expression notation of a fictional template engine  , generates a <br> separated list of users: The surprising fact is that these minimal templates can do a lot. Incorporating individual slots' probabilities enables the bigram model to allow partial matching  , which is a characteristic of soft pattern matching. Feature matching method needs to abstract features e.g. This way it can significantly increase the number of prob­ lems for which a solution can be found. Some sentiment patterns define the target and its sentiment explicitly. This is shown in Figure 2c  , where a state with a smaller Dijkstra distance heuristic was sampled in the narrow passage. 35 proposed a solution for efficient query expansion for advertisement search. For forward selection  , the generation of candidate alternatives to a current model relies on the addition of edges  , because graphical models are completely defined by their edges or two-factor terms. We follow recent successes with word embedding similarity and use in this work: The closer the function's value is to 1 the more similar the two terms are. Average precision values are given in table 7. The work presented here extends previous work by investigating the effectiveness of the system and users in suggesting terms for query expansion. The only interesting orders that are generated are those that are due to choice of a join method e.g. For example  , our Space Physics application 14 requires the FFT Fast Fourier Transform to be applied on large vector windows and we use OS-Split and OS- Join to implement an FFT-specific stream partitioning strategy. One of these is the ability to narrow or broaden focus  , which readers of magazines accomplish by folding or reorienting the paper. By using the named entities already tagged in the document  , the system can create a number of actual regular expressions  , substituting suitable types into the ANSWER and OBJECT locations. However  , if the specified transforms are directly applied on the input data  , many transforms such as regular-expression-based substitutions and some arithmetic expressions cannot be undone unambiguously – there exist no " compensating " transforms. More than 3800 text documents  , 1200 descriptions of mechanisms and machines  , 540 videos and animations and 180 biographies of people in the domain of mechanism and machine science are available in the DMG- Lib in January 2009 and the collection is still growing. The liberty to choose any feature detector is the advantage of this method. In Section 5 we will discuss a possible spectrum of validators . In each set of experiments presented here  , best scores in each metric are highlighted in bold whereas italic values are those better than TF*IDF baseline scores. The run QCRI4 was obtained by retrieving the tweets using the combination of two sets of expansion terms which resulted from the corresponding query expansion schemes  , while the other three runs were conducted using the expanded queries which resulted from PRF only and did not use any external information. We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. Unlike these continuous space language models 30  , 31  , CLSM can project multi-word variable length queries into the embedding space. 0 ~ 1 in random directions and the hounding surface of the C-obstacle is located by means of binary search. Entity annotation systems  , datasets and configurations like experiment type  , matching or measure are implemented as controller interfaces easily pluggable to the core controller. Assume that nested loop and sort-merge are the only two methods . A simplex is simply a set of N+l guesses  , or vertices  , of the N-dimensional statevector sought and the error associated with each guess. In this paper  , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. This " 3 ,000 page window " was decided for practical reasons. For the refinement step  , we apply a greedy hill climbing procedure explained in Sec. The prototypes of data objects must be considered during entity matching to find patterns. We describe herein a Web based pattern mining and matching approach to question answering. The latest comment prior to closing the pull request matches the regular expression above. Inspired by the superior results obtained by the neural language models  , we present a two-phase approach  , Doc2Sent2Vec  , to learn document embedding. All other relational notions are defined in terms of these primitives and recursive function composition. We found that this makes all methods slower by 0.02s but it avoids the need for precomputation. In our experiments  , the expansion terms are selected according to the query types. These motivated the use of document cache to improve the latency. Suppose that a structurally recursive query Q is transformed into Q T by the structural function inlining with respect to type information T . The generated file is used for programming of FPGA and pattern matching. It is then straightforward to show that the behavior of the model is preserved after replacing each loop by a call to its corresponding anonymous recursive function. So far It has only been possible to identifY approximate intermediate confoTI11ations for few proteins. It is clear by now that domain-specific query expansion is beneficial for the effectiveness of our document retrieval system. When the manual CNF query doesn't expand the selected query term  , no expansion term will be included in the final query. This equivalent is added to the output meta-model instance. This is because not all these 14 runs are included in the 23 runs; and each run may execute a different set of statements and therefore may take a different amount of time. There is also a great potential for motion planning in drug-design  , where it is used to study the folding of complex protein molecules  , see Song and Amato 141. e.g. p i and sq i are the index of pattern and sequence respectively  , indicating from where the further matching starts. Therefore  , we propose as an " optimal " path the one obtained by a hill-climbing method with Euclidean distances as the metric for edge weight. In our case  , we use a random sample of tweets crawled from a different time period to train our word embedding vectors. If the content of a file is needed for character string operations such as a regular expression operation with the preg_match extension  , an FTCS object actually reads the file and stores its content in a form similar to an ordinary character string object. Support vector machine has been proven to be an efficient classifier in text mining 1 . The merit of template matching is that it is tolerant to noise and flexible about template pattern. Normally  , the For the detection of the same object rotated around the z-axis of the image plane  , the template has to be rotated and searched from scratch. Its configuration determines which ontology relationships are used for the generation of query expansion terms. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. In contrast to the Global method  , our first expansion strategy performs server-specific query expansion. In comparison to Balmin  , Hristidis  , and Papakonstantinou  , 2004 where random walks are used on a document semantic similarity graph  , our work uses the authorship information to enhance keyword search. For example  , consider the following two queries: In general  , the design philosophy of our method is to achieve a reasonable balance between efficiency and detection capability.  We propose two optimizations based on semantic information like object and property  , which can further enhance the query performance. Folding: Classes of data are folded in the case of symbolic testing. The Sparkwave 10 system was built to perform continuous pattern matching over RDF streams by supporting expressive pattern definitions  , sliding windows and schema-entailed knowledge. 7represents the convergent rate of J. Randomly generate an initial population of particles with random positions and velocities within a search space. A structurally recursive query involves one or more recursive functions and function calls to them. Expansion terms extracted from these external resources are often general terms. This still left the problem of semantic disambiguation; in this case this concerned named entity recognition of persons  , places  , and military units. Since each partition of Emp is presorted  , it may be cheapest to use a sort-merge join for joining corresponding partitions. So we adopt the variable-length two-way merge sort method. The buffers of the external sort can be taken away once it has been suspcndcd. One of the learned lessons of the previous experiments was that the regular expression RegExp substitutions are a very succinct  , efficient  , maintainable  , and scalable method to model many NL subtasks of the QA task. Instead   , a discrete random search technique can be used for efficiency. Grep takes a regular expression and a list of files and lists the lines of those files that match the pattern . We generate plans that minimize worst-case length by breadth-first AND/OR search Akella  11. This has a negative impact on the performance of our deep learning model since around 40% of the word vectors are randomly initialized. The abduction angle characterizes the angle of the finger in the palm's plane  , whereas the flexion angle corresponds to the folding of the finger in the plane perpendicular to the palm. Table 2. shows an example of records that could be mistakenly clustered together by DBSCAN without an integrity check. Results of query " graph pattern " with terms-based matching and different rankings: 1 Semantic richness  , 2 Recency. To get rid of them  , we inline the corresponding function body in place of each function call. Similar attempts   , using the sum of absolute differences  , were also reported in the early stages of research on this topic. In addition  , since robot movements take place in real time  , learning approaches that require more than hundreds of practice movements are often not feasible. where the function X is implemented witli recursive least squares. To this end  , we constructed a domaindependent conceptual lexicon which can be used as an external resource for query expansion. 11shows the simulation results of the dynamic folding using the robot motion obtained in the inverse problem. The main difference with Eq. Previous work 10  , 18  , 25 on mining alternating specifications has largely focused on developing efficient ranking and selection mechanisms . The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. We model the mixedscript features jointly in a deep-learning architecture in such a way that they can be compared in a low-dimensional abstract space. Then  , two paralleled embedding layers are set up in the same embedding space  , one for the affirmative context and the other for the negated context  , followed by their loss functions. The emotional state annotations are derived through a framework based on a Multi-layer Support Vector Machine ap- proach 18. In our approach to GSL  , data patterns are first matched to HEC cluster patterns through hill-climbing 8201. We also applied and evaluated advanced search options. An interesting goal of an intelligent IRS may be to retrieve information which can be deduced from the basic knowledoe given by the thesaurus. In this scenario  , teleportation is also generally performed via visits to a search engine and a user is more likely to " teleport " to a related or similar page instead of a random page in a search session. Template similar to 1  , is a tree-based regular expression learnt over set of structures of pages within a site. Finally  , a novel pattern matching module is proposed to detect intrusions based on both intra-pattern and inter-pattern anomalies. This was repeated for four iterations of query expansion  , thus retrieving a total of 100 documents for the search. Therefore  , to estimate the novelty of the information provided by each trail source  , we first had to construct a model of each user's general interest in the query topic based on historic data. However  , best-first search also has some problems. However  , no results have been produced for mixed level arrays using these methods. This is a problem that has received some attention from the pattern matching research community. Recursive navigation. After the folding  , path T becomes undirected  , hence any of the remaining paths forms a cycle with END Note that in the case when two nodes are connected by more than one path  , it is sufficient to fold only one of them  , say path T   , for transforming the whole subgraph into a chained component. The authors describe a technique which uses random walks to estimate the RankMass of a search engine's index. The regular expression extractor acts in a similar way as the name extractor. The effect of such a dimension reduction in keyword-baaed document mpmmmtation and aubeequent self-organizing map training with the compreaaed input patterns is described in 32 . Regular expression inference. Put contents of Input Buf fer2 to Aging The partitioned hash outerjoin is augmented with compression in a very similar manner to the sort merge outerjoin. Instead of evaluating every distinct word or document during each gradient step in order to compute the sums in equations 9 and 10  , hierarchical softmax uses two binary trees  , one with distinct documents as leaves and the other with distinct words as leaves. Blank nodes have to be associated with values during pattern matching similiar to variables. However  , there are a number of requirements that differ from the traditional materialized view context. As more subgoals are generated and path segments are generated between them with the heuristic strategy  , they will form a graph that approximates the connectivity of the cspace 6119. The generated pattern is concrete  , that is  , it contains no wildcards and no matching constraints. The goal was to apply SBMPC to the hill climbing problem in a computationally efficient manner. Running a random walk on this graph is simple: we start from an arbitrary document  , at each step choose a random term/phrase from the current document  , submit a corresponding query to the search engine  , and move to a randomly chosen document from the query's result set. AutoFix-E 37 can repair programs but requires for the contracts in terms of pre-and post-conditions. The autoencoder was found to be computationally infeasible when applied to the described datasets and therefore its retrieval performance is not presented. Meanwhile   , other machine learning methods can also reach the accuracy more than 0.83. The common thread here is that the most plausible experiments are on real or realistic data; search tasks such as to find the documents on computer science in a collection of chemical abstracts seeded with a small number of articles by Knuth and Dijkstra are unlikely to be persuasive Tague-Sutcliffe  , 1992. In addition  , we present a new tensor model that not only incorporates the domain knowledge but also well estimates the missing data and avoids noises to properly handle multi-source data. This meaning may just be nontermination for some arguments e.g. This paper is organized as follows. First we can remark that the imputation accuracies are generally higher than with complete training data 11 . It should be noted that local optimizing techniques  , such as hill climbing  , cannot be used here to find the global optimum  , due to the presence of local extrema. It is interesting to note that effediveness continues to increase with the number of query expansion terms. For example  , the atleast operator provides a compact representation of repetitions that seems natural even to someone not familiar with regular expression notation. The following regular expression list is a sample of answer patterns to question type " when_do_np1_vp_np2 " . We show later that the ALSH derived from minhash  , which we call asymmetric minwise hashing MH-ALSH  , is more suitable for indexing set intersection for sparse binary vectors than the existing ALSHs for general inner products. For example  , consider the comment of the focus group participant who critiqued the relative difficulty of browsing in MIR systems  " You also can't choose random CDs  , which I suppose is the advantage of shops as you can just search at random " ; Section 4.1. Even if privacy and confidentiality are in place  , to be practical  , outsourced data services should allow sufficiently expressive client queries e.g. P and PM behave similarly the lines are parallel  , such that partition/merge retains its advantage . This approach captures the novelty and diversity of a list of recommended tags implicitly  , by introducing metrics that assess the semantic distance between different tags diversity and the inverse of the popularity of the tag in the application novelty. An attribute condition is a triple specifying a required name  , a required value a string  , or in case the third parameter is regvar  , a regular expression possibly containing some variables indicated by \var  , and a special parameter exact  , substr or regvar  , indicating that the attribute value is exactly the required string  , is a superstring of it  , or matches the given regular expression  , respectively. Neither do the similar queries retrieved via random walks SQ1 and SQ3 provide very useful expansion terms since most of the similar queries are simply different permutations of the same set of terms. Three methods of query expansion were investigated: plurals and singular expansion; stemming; and synonym expansion. Tuples are anonymous  , thus their removal takes place through pattern matching on the tuple contents. Our experiments focused on query expansion techniques using INQUERY. However  , if all violations go through a small set of nodes that are not encountered on the early selected paths or these nodes get stuck on the bottom of the worklist  , then it may be worse than breadth first search. These nodes are treated by making a random jump whenever the random walk enters a dangling node. We examined query expansion by traditional successful techniques  , i.e. The Servo thread is an interrupt service routine ISR which The windows are grouped in two sections: operator windows green softkeys and expert windows blue softkeys. In contrast  , Nelder and Mead's Downhill -Simplex method requires much stricter control over which policies are evaluated. which the other components on this level rely. Let's start with the weakest template class  , type 3 regular grammars 16The more common regular expression equivalent provides an easier way to think about regular templates. Finally  , we summarize these properties in order to generate the regular expression. Craswell and Szum- mer 5 used click graph random walks for relevance rank in image search. In contrast  , in this paper we propose a novel parameterized query expansion model that applies parameterized concept weighting to both the explicit and the latent query concepts. However   , it is a little surprising that the largest improvement in retrieval performance was found with simplest method of term selection and weighting for query expansion. In folding simulations  , similar structures between proteins could be indicative of a common folding pathway. Two additional Javascript libraries provided the time-line 2 and rectangular area select for copy/paste 3 capabilities. We cannot assume any information about the searcher  , and cannot provide a personalized search for this user 1 . To obtain features  , we calculated the power of the segment of 1 second following the term onset using the fast Fourier transform and applying log-transformation to normalize the signal. No use was made of anchor text or any other query-independent additional information for the query expansion run; documents were ranked using only their full text. One is random search Random 1  , the only fully parallelizable strategy besides A-SMFO. The effectiveness of our query feature expansion is compared with state-of-the-art word-based retrieval and expansion models. In this simulation  , folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not considered. sort represents a flatten-structure transformation with sort. The sorted data items in these buffers are next merge-sorted into a single run and written to disk along with the tags. Our next project is to extend the model so a.s to ha.ndlc multi-way joins and sort-merge joins. The Fourier spectrum calculation is proportional to the square of the voltage input signal. EXSYST overcomes this problem by testing through the user interface  , rather than at the API level. The total evolution time is about 6 hours on a SUN/SPARC5 workstation. The problem of finding the top-k lightest loopless path  , matching a pre-specified pattern  , is NP-hard and furthermore   , simple heuristics and straightforward approaches are unable to efficiently solve the problem in real time see Section 2.3. We developed a Random Searcher Model to discover the holdings of archives that support fulltext search. for sequencing have their usual meaning. The protein folding problem has a complication in that the way in which the protein folds depends on factors other than the purely geometrical con­ straints which govern the polygonal problems. The recursive function generates the equivalent of o using one of the four following behaviors depending on the kind of concept the meta-class of o models. However  , the difference is that navigation operators must now be implemented over the specialized structures used to represent Web graphs  , rather than as hash joins or sort-merge joins over relational tables.  We introduce a deep learning model for prediction. Collapse combines the properties in labels along a path to create a new label for the entire path. The corresponding histogram is shown in Fig. The proposed method can find the equivalents of the query term across the scripts; the original query is then expanded using the thus found equivalents. We now describe results on paper folding and protein fold­ ing problems obtained using our PRM-based approach. The matching problem is then defined as verifying whether GS is embedded in GP or isomorphic to one or more subgraphs of GP . Initial template is constructed based on structure of one page and then it is generalized over set of pages by adding set of operators   , if the pages are structurally dissimilar. The key problem of query expansion is to compute the similarities between terms and the original query. For example  , results reported in column 2 row 2 selects 1 original query term of the highest idf for expansion  , and a maximum of 1 expansion term is included for the selected query term. Some initial work has focused on transforming temporal-varying links and objects into static aggregated features 19 and other work has focused on modeling the temporal dynamics of time-varying attributes in static link structures 13. For an MDN with one or more central servers  , the third component generates regular expression signatures based on the URLs and also conducts signature pruning. Variations of the approach can be applied to many other applications such as social search and blog search. The signature can be extended using function symbols  , to yield the full power of Prolog specifications. Pattern-based approaches  , on the other hand  , represent events as spatio-temporal patterns in sensor readings and detect events using efficient pattern matching techniques. Encounters green are generated using a camera on the quadrotor to detect the checkerboard pattern on the ground robot and are refined by scan matching. The two NLP tools required by this system are: recognition of basic syntactic phrases  , i.e. We then generalise the string to a suitable regular expression  , by removing stopwords and inserting named entity classes where appropriate. Transitions t chk0 and t chk1 detect the condition under which the matching cannot continue e.g. We omit queries issued by clicking on the next link and use only first page requests 10 . All prior work critically requires sentence-aligned parallel data and readily-available translation dic- tionaries 14  , 11 to induce bilingual word embeddings BWEs that are consistent and closely aligned over languages. Find takes the following arguments: stack  , which contains the nodes on the path from the root to the current node of Find Find starts tree traversal from the top node of the stack; if the stack is empty  , the root of the tree is assumed; search-key  , the key value being sought; lock-mode  , a flag which indicates whether an exclusive lock  , shared lock  , or neither should be obtained on the key returned by Find; and latch-mode  , a flag which if True indicates that the node at which Find terminates should be latched exclusively. We have adopted a " query language " approach  , using a well understood  , expressively limited  , relatively compact query language; with GENOA  , if an analyzer is written strictly using the sublanguage Qgenoa  , the complexity is guaranteed to be polynomial. To simulate the distributed environment  , the documents were allocated into 32 different databases using a random allocator with replication. The advantage of this approach is that new notation for writing recursive queries is unnecessary; C programmers can write recursive queries the same way they write recursive functions. As yet no good heuristics for selecting query terms as candidates for expansion have been designed. A " log merge " application used for comparison and described below renormalizes the relevance scores in each result set before sorting on the normalized relevance scores. In the second phase  , we trained the DNN model on the training set by using tensorflow 8   , the deep learning library from Google. The second step is the roadmap connection where several more powerful local planners are used. Besides the drawbacks of suspension and paging that we discussed in the introduction  , these hybrid approachcs would also prevent an external sort from taking advantage ol extra memory beyond the initially allocated amount Ihn may become available while the sort is in the merge phase. For parts with different push functions  , a breadth-first search planner can be used to find a sensorless plan when one exists. In order to study whether those results are meaningful  , we pick the regular expression CPxxAI as an example and search sequence alignments where the pattern appears. Many widely used tests such as the Cube Comparisons test mental rotation  , Paper Folding test spatial visualization  , and Spatial Orientation test can be found in the Kit of Factor-Referenced Cognitive Tests ETS  , Princeton  , NJ 6. We think the reasons of the poor performance could be as follow. In practice  , an expansion term may act on the query in dependence with other terms  , and their weights may be different. The simplest rule is to follow strictly the structure of the stack  , from the top down towards the bottom. Property 3 shows that the R M R N   , possesses an elegant recursive property with regard to its structure in a manner similar to the n-cube. It has some limitations due to stochastic search. This allowed us to perform bidirectional breadth first search to answer the connectivity question. With these operations  , the regular expression can be treated just like an arithmetic expression to generate the summary function  , which was done to generate the table of solution templates in Appendix B. sort-merge for implementing the join instead of always using tuple substitution.  The knowledge base is enriched by learning from user behaviors  , such that the retrieval performance can be enhanced in a hill-climbing manner. Accurate effort prediction is a challenge in software engineering. Graph 6.4 plots the search time number of random disk accesses for the postings file  , for the FCHAIN method. Most current models of the emotion generation or formation are focused on the cognitive aspects. These metrics are instantiated using Word Embedding models from Wikipedia 4 and Twitter  , pre-trained using the GloV e 12 tool. The Q qualification bit in delimiter words is used to mark qualified nodes that will be searched. Standard pruning is straightforward and can be accomplished simply by hashing atomsets into bins of suhstructures based on the set of mining bonds. In particular  , in these experiments we generated randomly 200 collections using Dublin Core fields. Relational machine learning attempts to capture exactly these statistical dependencies between statements and in the following we will present an approach that is suitable to also integrate sensory information and a knowledge base. The recursion should terminate when the output of the TRANSFORMER function is identical to its input. In the future we plan to apply deep learning approach to other IR applications  , e.g. For the query expansion component  , we adopt twostage PRF query expansion with HS selection strategy. Our experimental results show that the proposed method can significantly improve the search quality in comparison with the baseline methods. These services organize procedures into a subsystem hierarchy  , by hierarchical agglomerative cluster- ing. In the conventional model these news packages have a number of common features: the contents are decided by the editor and the contributing writers  , the coverage of stories represents a national or sometimes regional perspective  , and the depth of coverage of an individual story is determined by the editors' judgment of the general readership's interest in it. Computing random relative access rate for links with group traffic was a complicated procedure.  Accent  , Punctuation  , Firstname  , Name Authority  Edit  , Sort Same  , Merge  , Delete  , Undo  Fold and Expand We will eventually explore all of these through a selection of examples using a variety of digital library systems. To be more specified  , we de­ sign the virtual input and Lyapunov-like function to eIlsure UUB stability of each sub-system recursively compensating the effect of uIIcertain parameters_ Be­ fore designing controller  , -we set some controller pa­ rameters evaluating some bounds of elements in 12. The confidence of a noun phrase is computed using a modified version of Eq. The final 3D configuration is achieved by folding the right hand side shown in Fig. Figure 3depicts an example of a finite automaton for both references to an article in a journal and a book. The max-error criterion specifies the maximum number of insertion errors allowed for pattern matching. The second tool  , Meta Spider  , has similar functionalities as the CI Spider  , but instead of performing breadth-first search on a particular website  , connects to different search engines on the Internet and integrates the results. These categories conform to TREC's general division of question topics into 4 main entity types 13 . Obtaining a random sample from an uncooperative search engine is a non-trivial task. Sims studied on co-evolution of motion controller and morphology of rirtual creatures 3.   , n |Q|−|X obs | } indicating on which dimensions the data elements are lost; 2. imputing the assigned dimensions according to the imputation strategy ϕ. . where random is a randomly generated number between 0 and 3. As na¨ıvena¨ıve implementations that evaluate the KDE at every input point individually can be inefficient on large datasets  , implementations based on Fast Fourier Transformation FFT have been proposed. Shown below is an interface to add the peek operation: public interface PeekCapability extends Stack { Object peek; } The first difference in implementation with enhancements arises in implementing a feature  , such as peek. Thus the approximated objective function is: To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. To maximize the CPU utilization efficiency  , the data manipulation is structured as non-blocking with respect to the following I/O operations: transfer of input data for procedures among cluster nodes  , other request/reply communication between search engine components on different cluster nodes  , HTTP communication with web servers  , and local disk reads and writes. Query expansion on document surrogates has a better retrieval performance in terms of Top10 AP than query expansion on the raw documents. Since deterministic regular expressions like a * define infinite languages  , and since every non-empty finite language can be defined by a deterministic expression as we show in the full version of this paper 9  , it follows that also the class of deterministic regular expressions is not learnable in the limit. The key observation when considering stop-&-go operators  , such as sorting used in aggregations  , merge joins  , etc. By replacing T containing crease information cut or hinge to T containing desired angle information  , Alg. Age and gender: Regular expression are used to extract and normalize age and gender information from the documents and queries. Next  , each model's location is estimated. Existing tools like RepeatMasker 12 only solve the problem of pattern matching  , rather than pattern discovery without prior knowledge. These latter effects probably account for the increase in average time per operation for the hill-climbing version to around 250-300ns; the difference in the code for these two methods is tiny. Specifically   , in our data sets with News  , Apps and Movie/TV logs  , instead of building separate models for each of the domain that naively maps the user features to item features within the domain  , we build a novel multi-view model that discovers a single mapping for user features in the latent space such that it is jointly optimized with features of items from all domains. Additionally  , we use the keyboard to allow for the entrance of data. For example  , //title is mapped intermediately to descendant-or-self$roots/title. Core concepts are the critical ideas necessary to support deep science learning and understanding. Two categories of word analogy are used in this task: semantic and syntactic. To do this  , we used a regular expression to check the mention of contexts in the document – that is  , the pair city  , state mentioned above –  , along with another regular expression checking if the city was mentioned near another state different from the target state. Then  , the CONNECT function generates the trajectory for object orientations  , which connects Rand to a , , , ,. Section 3 addresses the concept and importance of transductive inference  , together with the review of a well-known transductive support vector machine provided by T. Joachims. 2 Each robot search samples by random walk because there is no information about the sample location. For performance reasons  , the iterative medoid-searching phase is performed on a sample using a greedy hill-climbing technique. We note that for every fixed query a node assignment requiring no calls to updateP ath always exists: simply label the nodes in order discovered by running breadth-first search from s. However  , there is no universally optimal assignment — different queries yield different optimum assignments. Two types of strategies have been proposed to handle recusive queries. For large document clusters  , it has been found to yield good results in practice  , i.e. They found one of the query expansion failure reasons is the lack of relevant documents in the local collection. This measure indicates how likely a method will reverse the order of a random pair of search results returned by the search engine. The inference module also provides an additional testing mechanism to verify the strength of the inferred pointcuts. The feature will be put into the support vector machine and the associated da.% will be reported. According to the age division standard released by the United Nations we make age into 12 categories. Such techniques do not really capture any regularity in the paths within a DOM tree. Folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not analyzed in this paper. In addition  , only the bypass plan and the DNF-based plan can easily use a sort-merge implementation of the second join operator semijoin on Cwork . Afterwards  , the location of eye can be measured by detecting a agreement part with the paltern matching model in the eye image input. In this paper  , we propose CyCLaDEs an approach that allows to build a behavioral decentralized cache hosted by LDF clients. The previous section described how we can scan compressed tuples from a compressed table  , while pushing down selections and projections. Therefore the semantic operation apply -and thus also vwly -is a partial recursive function in every minimally defined model of Q LFINSET. Internally  , the framework builds up a microscopic representation of the system based on these observations as well as on a list of interactions of interest specified by the user. This has certain advantages like a very fast training procedure that can be applied to massive amounts of data  , as well as a better understanding of the model compared to increasingly popular deep learning architectures e.g.  Retrieve and apply updates for synchronization: updates can also be represented using in-memory objects  , files and tables.  That any document judged as relevant would have a positive effect on query expansion. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l The main difference is that the candidates for further expansion are managed in a queue instead of a stack. However  , note that a sort-merge anti-join cannot be used if the correlated query block is part of a procedure or function where as NISR can be used in this case. To summarize  , the contributions in this work are: 1 use rich user features to build a general-purpose recommendation system  , 2 propose a deep learning approach for content-based recommendation systems and study different techniques to scale-up the system  , 3 introduce the novel Multi-View Deep learning model to build recommendation systems by combining data sets from multiple domains  , 4 address the user cold start issue which is not well-studied in literature by leveraging the semantic feature mapping learnt from the multi-view DNN model  , and 5 perform rigorous experiments using four real-world large-scale data set and show the effectiveness of the proposed system over the state-of-the-art methods by a significantly large margin. Our techniques highlight the importance of low-level computer vision features and demonstrate the power of certain semantic features extracted using deep learning. It yielded semantically accurate results and well-localized segmentation maps. Consequently  , we believe that any practical IE optimizer must optimize pattern matching. Therefore  , each projection uses B-tree indexing to maintain a logical sort-key order. This method needs lots of hierarchical links as its training data. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. Summary. Apart from their base statistics  , we provide the baseline imputation accuracy on MCAR data as achieved by choosing the most frequent of the possible values. Then  , it analyzes the available indexes and returns one or more candidate physical plans for the input sub-query. The matching check is performed using a non-deterministic finite state machine FSM technique similar to that used in regular expression matching 26. First  , we cannot always expand function calls by inline code due to the existence of recursive functions. A content expression is simply a regular expression ρ over the set of tokens ∆. Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. This is also supported by the result that a topic-independent query expansion failed to improve search performances for some of the CSIs. For example  , AlphaSort 18  , a shared-memory based parallel external sort  , uses quicksort as the sequential sorting kernel and a replacement-selection tree to merge the sorted subsets. More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. The Local query expansion method can be formalized as follows. The successive samples evolve from a large population with many redundant data points to a small population with few redundant data points. Type-2 terms are non-type-0 terms in the original query. This years' performance reects the addition of the automated expression system  , and the corresponding increase in the 4  , which we feel would be a benecial addition to the overall system architecture. As can be seen  , in both cases the problems were solved rather quickly with relatively small roadmaps. The " Find-sub-query " call on the merge-combine node is slightly different than on a normal combine node. Random " subsequent queries are submitted to the library  , and the retrieved documents are collected. Tree-Pattern Matching. The general idea behind the approach is pattern matching. Such exhaustive exploration of the sub-query space is infeasible in an operational environment. Surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems. For instance  , SAGE 28  uses a generational-search strategy in combination with simple heuristics  , such as flip count limits and constraint subsumption. They never use a search engine that recommends pages based on their current popularity. An age-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for the identification of de-identified age groups mentioned in visits. The regular expression for word specifies a non-empty sequence of alphanumerics  , hyphens or apostrophes  , while the sentence recognize simply looks for a terminating period  , question mark  , or exclamation point.   , zero-or-more  *   , and oneor-more  +  in the generated expressions is determined by a user-defined probability distribution. While our method of analyzing procedures has been motivated by the desire to Rave no restrictions on storage sharing and to proceed with minimal a-priori specifications about the program  , it allows us to model such language features as generic modes  , procedLre variables  , parameters of type procedure  , a simulated callby-name parameter mechanism and a user-accessible evaluating function. For the named page queries  , besides linguistic expansion from stemming in the IS ABOUT predicate  , we did not do any query expansion. Since extra memory will help reduce the amount of I/O  , additional memory is very important to a sort in this stage. Table 1summarizes the notations used in our models. These services include structured sequential files  , B' tree indices  , byte stream files as in UNIX  , long data items  , a sort utility  , a scan mechanism  , and concurrency control based on file and page lock- ing. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. Active learning approaches based on genetic programming adopt a comitteebased setting to active learning. The significance of differences is confirmed by the T-test for paired values for each two methods p<0.05. This is done without any overhead in the procedure of counting conditional databases. Notice that a regular expression has an equivalent automaton. Figure 7shows classification data for all VCs generated from a sample catalog of RESOLVE component client code that relies on existing  , formally-specified components to implement extensions  , which add additional functionality e.g. In this way  , we can represent a DTD or Schema structure as a set of parallel trees  , which closely resemble DTD/Schema syntax  , with links connecting some leaves with some roots  , in a graph-like manner. Through training  , each pattern is assigned the probability that the matching text contains the correct answer. We will discuss the results in Section 6.5. Pang and Lee found that using the Support Vector Machine classifier with unigrams and feature presence resulted in a threefold classification accuracy of 83%; therefore we also follow this strategy and use unigrams and only take into account feature presence. Techniques were used for query expansion  , tokenization  , and eliminating results due solely to matching an acronym on the query side with an acronymic MeSH term. Here it is : This first proposition is a syntactically correct program  , but semantically it presents some difficulties : -I at the recursive call  , N is not modified rule I. In cases where only some of the domains in the certificate are served on this IP  , it is necessary to configure an explicit default host similar to the one given in Figure 10. Suppose the user is willing to invest some extra time for each query  , how much effort is needed to improve the initial query in expansion effort  , how many query terms need to be expanded  , and how many expansion terms per query term are needed ? Based on the plaintext collection  , our ARRANGER engine  , a Genetic Programming GP based ranking function discovery system  , is used to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for the topic distillation task. Then we compare to different variations of the SMBO framework. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l The mechanisms communicate with each other by a simple structure  , the file system. It is especially useful in cases when it is possible to consider a large number of suggestions which include false positives -such as the case when the keyword suggestions are used for expert crawling. This generic representation is called a Navigation Pattern NP. For each subphrase in the list we use cgrep – a pattern matching program for extracting minimal matching strings Clarke 1995 to extract the minimal spans of text in the document containing the subphrase. By incorporating 'anchor control' logic it is possible to operate some sub-sets of cascades in the unanchored mode  , sub-pattern matching mode  , variable precursor matching mode or a combination thereof. If the structure exceeds w entries  , then CyCLaDEs removes the entry with the oldest timestamp. The relocalization subsystem then used hill-climbing to find the best match between these two grids and output the estimated error. From the results  , it is clear that the tie breaking method could out perform the traditional retrieval even apply the query expansion method i.e. When further integrating transfer learning to deep learning  , DL+TT  , DL+BT and DL+FT achieve better performance than the DL approach. Another very promising work is 15 which uses a self-organizing feature map SOFM 12 in order to generate a map of documents where documents dealing with similar topics are located near each other. The confidence of the learned classifier is then used as a similarity metric for the records. Pattern matching has been used in a number of applications . Individuals in the new generation are produced based on those in the current one. The argument can be any expression of antecedent operators and concepts and text. This approach outperforms many other query expansion techniques. Given a back-point βintv  , p index  , the uncertain part of sequence S is the sequence segment S i that is inside β.intv  , while the pattern segment P i   , which is possibly involved in uncertain matching  , could be any pattern segment starting from β.p index. This feature  , however  , was not included for the video library described below for funding and bandwidth reasons. The following nine subjects are simple data structures: binheap implements priority queues with binomial heaps 48; bst implements a set using binary search trees 49 ; deque implements a double-ended queue using doubly-linked lists 8; fibheap is an implementation of priority queues using Fibonacci heaps 48 ; heaparray is an array-based implementation of priority queues 3 ,49 ; queue is an object queue implemented using two stacks 10; stack is an object stack 10; treemap implements maps using red-black trees based on Java collection 1.4 3 ,48 ,49 ; ubstack is an array-based implementation of a stack bounded in size  , storing integers without repetition 7  , 30  , 42. The ability to extract names of organizations  , people  , locations  , dates and times i.e. " The sequences composed of a random walk followed by gradient descent search are repeated for a predetermined number K of trials or until a better node is found. However  , in this paper we limit the expansion to individual terms. The size of the regular expression generated from the vulnerability signature automaton can be exponential in the number of states of the automaton 10. It remains unchanged. The 'Initial Repair' heading reports timing information for the genetic programming phase and does not include the time for repair minimization. Accomplishing all this in a small project would be impossible if the team were building everything from scratch. tion is equally likely and the probability to have zero or one occurrences for the zero-or-one operator  ? Previous query expansion techniques are based on bag of words models. This objective is fulfilled by either having a layer to perform the transformation or looking up word vectors from a table which is filled by word vectors that are trained separately using additional large corpus. Notice that we are chasing to simplify the Icft-most  , outermost redex at each step above -this computation rule is known as rwrmuf-order reduction and it corresponds to the lazy evaluurion of function arguments. Method gives access to the methods provided by a compo- nent. Table 1shows the most important explicit query concepts i.e. The purpose of this research is to decide on a query-by-query basis if query expansion should be used. Gaming interfaces already worked well in different areas  , such as OCR error correction and protein folding 30. We have also applied C-PRM to several problems arising in computational Biology and Chemistry such as ligand binding and protein folding. This is in contrast with techniques  , such as random sample consensus RANSAC 4  , which first find appearance-based matches globally and then enforce geometric consistency. Furthermore  , millions of training images are needed to build a deep CNN model from scratch. However given the same set of web-based information  , the Human Interest Model consistently outperforms the soft-pattern model for all four entity types. In this paper  , we use correlation based pattern' matching to realize the recognition of the oosperm and micro tube in real time. This implies that this procedure line 1-4 can be fully parallelized  , by partitioning the collection into sub-collections. This is a database querying facility  , with regular expression search on titles  , comments and URLs. Following functional dependencies helps programmers to understand how to use found functions. The results obtained using the remaining methods are presented in Table 2. Note that runs may be of variable length because work space size may change between runs. The expansion terms are extracted from top 100 relevant documents according to the query logs. We now detail the procedure used to generate a pattern that represents a set of URLs. The newly written files then participate in an n-way sort-merge join to find query segments with the same protein id. The results show that the performance of the expansion on tie-breaking could improve the performance. If a team member checks-in some changes that are subsequently found to break previously checked-in code then there has been a breakdown of some sort. This strategy builds up sets " naively " for " interesting " arguments of the function. These common data types are used across different domains and only require one-time static setup– e.g. Although hill-climbing had a slightly worse target article coverage than the other two 5% less  , it outperformed them in pair-wise similarity which means the facets selected have smaller overlap of navigational paths. To build the word embedding matrix W W W   , we extract the vocabulary from all tweets present in TMB2011 and TMB2012. DeLa discovers repeated patterns of the HTML tags within a Web page and expresses these repeated patterns with regular expression. Observe that for all values of x  , randomized rank promotion performs better than or as well as nonrandomized ranking. Each word type is associated with its own embedding. For domains with wildcards  , the associated virtual host must use a regular expression that reflects all possible names. Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. If  , for example  , an ADT has a domain definition represented by the regular expression "name sex birthdate"  , then the ADT is a generalization of person because "name sex birthdate" is a subexpression of the expression "name sex birthdate address age deathdate which is a commutated expression of the domain-defining regular expression for person. To avoid unnecessary traversals on the database during the evaluation of a path expression  , indexing methods are introduced 15  , 16. If the observed number of occurrences is more than 3 standard deviations greater than expected  , the search term and n-gram are unlikely to occur together by random chance. We call this way of counting words " soft-counting " because all the possible words are counted. We designed our method for databases and files where records are stored once and searched many times. In order to build our recursive calculations  , we first find an expression for the joint accelerations as a function of the acceleration of the platform and the reaction efforts  , next we find an expression for the reaction efforts as a function of the acceleration of the platform and  , finally  , we find an expression of the acceleration of the platform. Why this popular approach does not often yield the least deviation is explained by example. Applicability in an Epoq optimizer is similar in function to pattern-matching and condition-matching of left-hand sides in more traditional rule-based optimizers. 19  , it says regular expression matching is a large portion of the Reflexion Model's performance. is one regular expression defined for the month symbol.  We investigate the relative importance of individual features  , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image  , another where each user has several thousand images  , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. Any objects that are reached during the traversal are considered live and added to the tempLive set. The random relative access rate tells which fraction of clicks will be made on links with a specific property if the user selects links in the search results list randomly. It seems that current document expansion approach is still far from a perfect solution to tweet document modeling. We quickly switched to Google for query expansion and found that  , on average  , the top four results produced the most pertinent pages. This will not always be feasible in larger domains  , and intelligent search heuristics will be needed. The actions of the rule consist in the closure method call and its own reactivation. For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more likely to share the same topic than randomly selected pages 23  , and movies made by the same studio are more likely to have similar box-office returns than randomly selected movies 6. Tree root selection: After initialization  , in a join query with n triple patterns  , we sort all the triple patterns first in the order of increasing number of triples associated with them. The main inconvenient of this approach is that it is not deterministic. For this experiment we used our own implementation of self-organbdng maps as moat thoroughly described in 30. In this section  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding. However  , if segmentation is performed separately after Kd-tree search finishes  , additional time is required to sort the data points whose computational time is ether ON  or OK log K where K is the number of the data points found within the hyper-sphere. In whatever experiments  , the BCDRW method significantly outperforms the BASIC method. This mapping is generic in that we can map any other recursive navigation query in the same way. In this paper  , we have proposed  , designed and implemented a pattern matching NIDS based on CIDF architecture and mature intrusion detection technology  , and presented the detailed scheme and frame structure. Concluding remarks are offered in Section 4. A recent study of Twitter as a whole  , gathered by breadth-first search  , collected 1.47 billion edges in total 13. DBSCAN produced a group of 10 clusters from the log data with around 20% classified as 'noise' – points too far away from any of the produced clusters to be considered for inclusion and discarded from further analyses. This means the personalized models do not have the opportunity to promote results of low general interest i.e. Details of these datasets appear in Appendix A. All feet with directionally compliant flaps which collapse during retraction performed better than feet which in no way collapsed during retraction. Deep learning with top-down transfer DL+TT: The same architecture and training set as DL except for the ontology priors embedded in the top  , fully connected layer. However in some situations  , external knowledge is helpful  , the challenge here is how to acquire and apply external knowledge. Label matching in existing semistructured query languages is straightforward. Alternatively  , missing values can be imputed with several methods starting from simple imputation of the mean value of the feature for each missing value to complex modeling of missing values. However  , whether the balance can be achieved by genetic programming used by GenProg has still been unknown so far. Moreover  , following the recent trend of multilingual word embedding induction e.g. For OP- TICS  , M inP ts is set to a fixed value so that density-based clusters of different densities are characterized by different values for . The lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the well studied multi-pattern matching problem in the string matching literature 25. Probably one of the more important advantages is that generative topographic mapping should be open for rigorous mathematical treatment  , an area where the self- . We tentatively handled the query expansion by applying DM built in the step of indexing by Yatata. We then perform a random walk over the graph  , using query-URLquery transitions associated with weights on the edges i.e. Within the SEM Model  , it also provides a function similar to an execution stack in a block-structured language  , where the current context is saved upon recursive invocations further planning and restored upon the successful translation and verification of certain artifacts following a promotion. We compute each input sentence's pattern matching weight by using Equation 6. The existing methods essentially differ in the data structures used to " index " the database to facilitate fast enumeration. Evaluating the k+1 th predicate  , however  , will further cut down on the number of protein ids that emerge from the merge join  , which in turn reduces the number of protein tuples that have to be retrieved. Subsequent optimization steps then work on smaller subsets of the data Below  , we briefly discuss the CGLS and Line search procedures. Our model also outperforms a deep learning based model while avoiding the problem of having to retrain embeddings on every iteration. When combining the expansion terms with the original query  , the combination weights are 2-fold cross-validated on the test set. pressive language. after query expansion. We have reviewed the newly-adopted techniques in our QA system. Second  , OVERLAP prunes edges in the search lattice  , converting it into a tree  , as follows. It is ideally suited for data already stored on a distributed file system which offers data replication as well as the ability to execute computations locally on each data node. scoring  , and ranked list fusion. We adopt the skip-gram approach to obtain our Word Embedding models. While Prolog is based on unification and backtracking  , B is based on a simple but powerful pattern-matching mechanism whose application is guided by tactics. Map Size " denotes to the height and width of the convolutional feature maps to be pooled. " In this section we propose and evaluate an approach that makes query expansion practical in a distributed searching environment. For each query expansion method  , we experimented with various setting of expansion parameters  , primarily including n and k  , where n is the number of top retrieved documents and k is the number of expansion terms. Regular expressions can express a number of strings that the be language cannot  , but be types can be generated from type recognizers that can be far more complex than regular expressions. In the automatic query expansion mode  , the expansion terms are added directly to each of the original query terms with the Boolean OR operator  , before the query is sent to the Lucene index. Once we have computed the distance for each field of the record pair  , we use a support vector machine to determine the overall goodness of the match. The high efficiency ensures an immediate response  , and thus the transfer deep learning approach with two modes can be adopted as a prototype model for real-time mobile applications  , such as photo tagging and event summarization on mobile devices. Further  , we would assume that if the experiment were reversed   , and we used as our test set a random sample from Google's query stream  , the results of the experiment would be quite different. Second  , they take a one-vs-all approach and learn a discriminative classifier a support vector machine or a regularized least-squares classifier for each term in the First  , they use a set of web-documents associated with an artist whereas we use multiple song-specific annotations for each song in our corpus. Step Three  , Random Baseline  , was omitted. In FJS97   , a statistical approach is used for reconstructing base lineage data from summary data in the presence of certain constraints . We would like to add the document content to a search engine or send the document to others to read without the overhead of the emulation stack  , but cannot. Having a sort order of the parameters across calls that matches the sort order of the inner query gives an effect similar to merge join. When m is a power of 2  , bitonic sort lends itself to a very straight-forward non-recursive implementation based on the above description. By these  , and a bag of other tricks  , we managed to keep the overhead for maintaining the state-information a small fraction of the essential operations of reading and merging blocks of pairs of document ids and score  , sorted by document id. This is illustrated in Figure 7we see that both domain-tailored regular expression matching and an instance of the domain-trained IE system Amilcare 5 will be used side-by-side  , Amilcare learning from the successfully validated instances produced by the former. Feature weights are learned by directly maximizing mean average precision via hill-climbing. Stacked models use the base model to impute the class labels on related instances   , which are then used by the second-level stacked model. In an evaluation  , the authors found that the inclusion of different types of contextual information associated with an exception can enhance the accuracy of recommendations. However  , the sort-merge is done out-of-memory 5 . The mapping to the dual plane and the use of arrangements provides an intuitive framework for representing and maintaining the rankings of all possible top-k queries in a non-redundant  , self-organizing manner. Indeed  , the results we report for LGMs using only the class labels and the link information achieve nearly the same level of performance reported by relational models in the recent literature. For example  , when the term " disaster " in the query " transportation tunnel disaster " is expanded into " fire "   , " earthquake "   , " flood "   , etc. The shallow semantic parser we use is the ASSERT parser  , which is trained on the PropBank Kingsbury et al. 1for an example spectrogram. We have extensively tested all of these in extracting links in scholarly works. Even when keyword search is used to select all training documents  , the result is generally superior to that achieved when random selection is used. In practice  , the probability of each action is evaluated using 12 and the highest-probability action is selected. The shakwat group University of Paris 8 experimented with a random-walk approach using a space built using semantic indexing  , and containing the blog posts  , as well as the headlines  , in a window around the date of the topic. The third component is identification of documents for human relevance assessment. We then calculate an IPC score based on the expansion concepts in CE. In a data warehouse  , however  , the databases may have frequent updates and thus may be rather dynamic. We call such allowable plans MHJ plans. A more recent study by Navigli and Velardi examined the use of expansion terms derived from WordNet 10  , coming to the conclusion that the use of gloss words for query expansion achieved top scores for the precision@10 measure  , outmatching query expansion by synsets and hyperonyms  , for example. Figure 2illustrates results of FIRES in comparison to SUBCLU  , and CLIQUE applied on a synthetic dataset containing three clusters of significantly varaying dimensionality and density. The second part of the regular expression corresponds to random English words added by the attacker to diversify the query results. Re-designing the aspect model training and test procedure for rating imputation and rating prediction will be a subject of future work. However  , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets and is different from the traditional method of using materialized views to answer queries. For the medical track the Search by Strategy framework of Spinque was deployed. Distance between documents was computed as 1 -cosine similarity. Finally  , note that we have assumed here that the coordinates of the object vertices are available on There is a catch though: whereas in visualisation we usually view from single directions  , in simulation we are likely to want to keep track of distances between many pairs of objects lo . Inverse kinematics can be also linked to other areas  , for example spacecraft control with control moment gyros CMG  , animation   , protein folding. One motivation for modeling time-varying links is the identification of influential relationships in the data. Density-based techniques like DBSCAN 4  , OPTICS 2 consider the density around each point to demarcate boundaries and identify the core cluster points. Additional documents are then retrieved by following the edges from the starting point in the order of a breadth first search. The first 1 ,000 iterations of MCMC chains were discarded as an initial burn-in period. Forward moves in the opposite direction through the results stack. The different kinds of expansion terms would be effective according to the query types such as diagnosis  , treatment  , and test. We do not allow a sort to increase or decrease its work space arbitrarily but restrict the size to be within a specified range. The model learns word embeddings for source and target language words which are aligned over the dim embedding dimensions and may be represented in the same shared inter-lingual embedding space. The next step in sophistication is to have a template that can model more general transformations than the simple template  , such as affine distortion. The Point of Diminishing Returns PDR values are explained in Section 5.2. 1Queries containing random strings  , such as telephone numbers — these queries do not yield coherent search results  , and so the latter cannot help classification around 5% of queries were of this kind. Considering SAE with k layers  , the first layer will be the autoencoder  , with the training set as the input. The other dramatic effect is the time taken with hill-climbing; not only is it just a fraction of the time taken without hill-climbing  , it is very close to being a constant  , varying between 32- 42ps for this set of randomised motion parameters and hull sizes between 10 and 500. In our case online position estimates of the mapping car can be refined by offline optimization methods Thrun and Montemerlo  , 2005 to yield position accuracy below 0.15 m  , or with a similar accuracy onboard the car by localizing with a map constructed from the offline optimization. The concolic testing phase can then generate the sequence ESC dd during exhaustive search. To assess the effectiveness and generality of our deep learning model for text matching  , we apply it on tweet reranking task. We can briefly show why the Clarke-Tax approach maximizes the users' truthfulness by an additional  , simpler example. We combined MPF and a heat-sensitive shrinking film to self-fold structures by applying global heat. Figures 3 and 4 summarize the results. it changes the schema of the contained elements. Promising research directions include: 1 using patterns e.g. In this way  , the model is able to learn character level " topic " distribution over the features of both scripts jointly. Therefore  , a reasonable role-based identification is to assign the role pattern correlation matrix F R 1 ,2 which is the most similar to the one C We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. For example  , the proximity function can be evaluated by keeping track of the word count in relation to specified set of pattern matches. With flexible GP operators and structural motif representations  , our new method is able to identify general RNA secondary motifs. Search engines conduct breadth first scans of the site  , generating many requests in short duration. However  , regular expressions are not very robust with respect to layout variations and structural changes that occur frequently in Web sites. To address the shortcomings of this conventional approach   , we described in this paper statistics on views in Microsoft SQL Server  , which provide the optimizer with statistical information on the result of scalar or relational expressions. Thus  , recent research on improving the robustness of expansion methods has focused on either predicting whether a given expansion will be more effective for retrieval than the original query 2  , 7  , or on improving the performance robustness of specific expansion methods 10  , 13. Pages that are labeled as strongly negative by the classifier are then added as negative examples to the training set. After an initial random run shown using the thin jagged lines  , constraint solving tries to exhaustively search part of the state space. First is a random snippet from the list of possible snippets for the document. They use the Discrete Fourier Transform DFT to map a time sequence to the frequency domain  , drop all but the first few frequencies  , and then use the remaining ones to index the sequence using a R*-tree 3 structure. However  , this expansion produces a single semantic vector only. 3 In case some attributes are non-nullable  , we use SET DEFAULT to reset attributes values to their default value. A typical approach is to map a discrete word to a dense  , low-dimensional  , real-valued vector  , called an embedding 19. Cancel stops a search in progress. The only difference between Bitonic/sample sort and Bitonic/sample merge is that the initial sorting step is not required because the local lists are already sorted. We will now describe a way to classify a large batch of documents using a sort-merge technique  , which can be written  , with some effort  , directly in SQL. After doing so  , we can produce a probabilistic spatiotemporal model of an event. Such queries are supported efficiently by spatial access methods such as R*trees BKSS 903 for data from a vector space or M-trees 4 IncrementalDBSCAN DBSCAN  , as introduced in EKSX 961  , is applied to a static database. We distinguish two types of path expressions: simple path expression SPE and regular path expression RPE. In particular  , it has been possible to: -simply organize the different user communities  , allowing for the different access rights. This is implemented in a recursive function called BACK  Figure 5. Note that one image-pattern neuron is added at every training point and the target's pose at that point is stored in conjunction with the image-pattern neuron for use later. In this paper  , we assumed that the parameter values Eps and MinPts of DBSCAN do not change significantly when inserting and deleting objects. Then  , we separately perform experiments to evaluate the imputation effects of our approach and the applicability of our imputation approach for different effort estimators. The actual splitting of the original target page is performed by creating the new right sibling as an exact copy of the page and then removing the unnecessary entries from both pages with the remove interface function. Because matching is based on predicates  , DARQ currently only supports queries with bound predicates. Even though  , in general  , changing the goal may lead to substantial modifications in the basins of attraction  , the expectation is that problems successfully dealt with in their first occurrence difficult cases reported for RPP are traps and deep local minima A general framework for learning in path planning has been proposed by Chen 8. Various solutions are available for learning models from incomplete data  , such as imputation methods 4. In the remainder of this section we describe each of these methods in turn. Finally  , we aim to show the utility of combining query removal and query expansion for IR. This section presents the core of CSurf's Context Analyzer module  , that drives contextual browsing. These results were then presented in a random order to independent annotators in a double-blind manner. A straightforward way to solve the top-k lightest paths problem is to enumerate all paths matching the given path pattern and pick the top-k lightest paths. The other extracts the structure in some way from the text parsing  , recognizing markup  , etc. Our official submission  , however  , was based on the reduced document model in which text between certain tags was indexed. In our experiments  , the parameter pair Second  , we use the hill-climbing a1 orithm and the crossover-swapping operator in paralfel. The signal detection operates on a power signal; a Fast Fourier Transform FFT is being done which trans­ forms the signal in time domain into frequency domain. We now get to our main result  , which is split into two parts  , corresponding to the exact matching and soft matching settings. They follow walls and turn at random at intersections. This helps deal with the high dimensionality of the control space of rolling and sliding contacts. Section 5 reports our experimental results. The proposed approach is founded on: In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. Thus  , the developer decides to perform a regular expression query for *notif*. However  , the double skew case was not considered. This template can be utilized to identify other classes of transaction annotators. However  , despite its impressive performance Flat-COTE has certain deficiencies. In order to print matches and present the results in root-to-leaf order  , we extended the mechanism proposed by 5. An event pattern is an ordered set of strings representing a very simple form of regular expression. Recent IE systems have addressed scalability with weakly supervised methods and bootstrap learning techniques. Each template rule specifies a matching pattern and a mode. This has the effect of labeling an attribute as negative either if its frequency PMI is low relative to other positive attributes or its word embedding is far away from positive attributes. The quantifiers define how many nodes from within the " left " set must be connected to how many nodes from the " right " set by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. On the other hand  , waiting increases the sort's response time. We then continue with the depth first search of the tree until complete. When determining the cases allowed for a given frame  , a breadth-first search of the case frame hierarchy collects the relevant cases. Knowledge of previous objects can be maintained for short durations if temporally occluded or when an object is missed due to the number of matched key-points dropping below the minP ts threshold required by DBSCAN. For example  , the approach presented in 8 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. Nonetheless  , POS tags alone cannot produce high-quality results. Other boxes cannot effectively use the indexed structure  , so only these two need be considered. We studied two techniques to cluster data incrementally as it arrives  , one based on sort-merge and the other on hashing. The ARROW system applies regular expression signatures to match URLs in HTTPTraces. Third  , template parameters  , as opposed to XQuery function parameters   , may be optional. With regard to the unexpectedness of the highly relevant results relevancy>=4 Random indexing outperforms the other systems  , however hyProximity offers a slightly more unexpected suggestions if we consider only the most relevant results relevan- cy=5. One drawback of these types of systems especially for portable devices is that they require large screen real estate and significant visual attention from the user. We are reaching the point where we are willing to tie ourselves down by declaring in advance our variable types  , weakest preconditions  , and the like. How can query expansion be appropriately performed for this task ? Consequently   , when faced incomplete databases  , current mediators only provide the certain answers thereby sacrificing recall. first N unique sentences out of this sorted order  , and serves as the TopN baseline method in our evaluation . We have also assessed the effect of social navigation support on how the search results are used. Section 3 describes the architecture of our definition generation system  , including details of our application of PRF to automatically label the training data for soft pattern generalization. The search then proceeds in a breadth-first fashion with a crawling that is not limited to URL domain or file size. A combination of the downhill simplex method and simulated annealing 9 was used. The library will contain several features to extend the Stack interface  , such as peek and search among others. Cengage Learning produces a number of medical reference encyclopedias. Query expansion in source language reserves the room for untranslated terms by including relevant terms in advance. On the other hand  , it is this kind of label that we want to tackle via zero shot learning otherwise we could choose to harvest training examples from the Internet.  Which ontological relationships are suitable for automatic query expansion; which for interactive query expansion ? The objects in UpdSeedD ,l are not directly density-reachable from each other. Genetic ProgrammingGP is the method of learning and inference using this tree-based representation". Folding-in refers to the problem of computing representations of documents that were not contained in the original training collection . Finally  , many systems work with distributed vector representations for words and RDF triples and use various deep learning techniques for answer selection 10  , 31. Second   , the Clarke-Tax has proven to have important desirable properties: it is not manipulable by individuals  , it promotes truthfulness among users 11  , and finally it is simple. If none of the above heuristics identifies a merge  , we mark the pull request as unmerged. Cho and Rajagopalan build a multigram index over a corpus to support fast regular expression matching 9 . There are many studies of users of digital libraries and collections 1 and a great deal of work on evaluating digital libraries for examples  , see issues of D-Lib at http://www.dlib.org/ and Chris Neuhaus's bibliography http://www.uni.edu/neuhaus/digitalbibeval.html  , but we did not find studies of null searches to identify collections gaps in order to develop user-centered collections. Though we use RBP and DCG as motivators  , our interest is not specifically in them but in model-based measures in general. As mentioned earlier  , the sort-merge join method is used. We consider the CS we described in this paper as a first prototype of a more general " mediator infrastructure service " that can be used by the other DL services to efficiently and effectively implement a dynamic set of virtual libraries that match the user expectations upon the concrete heterogeneous information sources and services. We do not address xtract as Table 1already shows that even for small data sets xtract produces suboptimal results. On the other hand  , folding in other sources such as affiliation or the venue information are likely to yield more accurate rankings. This reduces the number of input runs for subsequent merge steps  , thereby making them less vulnerable to memory fluctuations. We assume that a breadth-first search is performed over these top ranked invocations. For example  , the mean number of nodes accessed in the top-down search of the complete link hierarchy for the INSPEC collection is 873 requiring only 20 ,952 bytes of core. It is in fact a similar hybrid reasoning engine which is a combination of forward reasoning breadth-first and backward reasoning depth-first search. The next steps will include the development of a folding mechanism for the wings and the integration of a terrestrial locomotion mode e.g. A random search is asked the same problem and the results figure 7 right show that the intelligence included in genetic optimization is far superior to the random search. Indeed  , the best solution is hardly improved and the population is vowed to stagnation . Therefore query expansion may retrieve more documents or provide more evidence upon which to rank the documents than query replacement. Figure 1illustrates the perplexity of language models from different sources tested on a random sample of 733 ,147 queries from the search engine's May 2009 query log. To propagate the constraints on join variable bindings Property 2  , we walk over this tree from root to the leaves and backwards in breadth-first-search manner. Besides the detection and localization of a neural pattern  , the comparison and matching of the observed pattern to a set of templates is another interesting question 18. Instructions associated to a pattern that matches that node need to be re-evaluated. Stopping criterion. In this graph  , vetexes and edges represent nodes and links respectively. Although there are probably a number of heuristic ways to combine sensory information and the knowledge base with machine learning  , it is not straightforward to come up with consistent probabilistic models. The SOM solution for getting the tabular view would be to construct a self organizing map over the bidimensional projection. Based on a word-statistical retrieval system  , 11 used definitions and different types of thesaurus relationships for query expansion and a deteriorated performance was reported. We mainly focus on matching similar shapes. For query expansion  , we made use of the external documents linked by the URLs in the initial search results for query expansion. This shows stronger learning and generalization abilities of deep learning than the hand-crafted features. Rank-S is affected by one more random component than Taily  , thus it might be expected to have greater variability across system instances. Through repetitively replacing bad vertices with better points the simplex moves downhill. GP maintains a population of individual programs. The capacitive contact sensor successfully detected the touch of a human finger and demonstrates the potential to measure applied force. Section 5 explains the experimental results for our run. hill there may exist a better solution. Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. For example  , the genetic programming approach used in 7 has been shown to achieve high accuracies when supplied with more than 1000 positive examples. We apply  , in order of precedence  , this sequence of regular expressions to each token from the token sequence previously obtained  , giving us the symbol sequence: x1  , . Although they also used genetic programming  , their evaluation was limited to small programs such as bubble sorting and triangle classification  , while our evaluation includes real bugs in open source software. In this section  , we illustrate the split group duplicate problem that arises if we ignore this subtle difference between materialized view maintenance and the " traditional " associative/commutative update problems studied by Korth Kor83 and others. The scope of these free variables is restricted to the rule where they appear just like for Prolog clauses. We incorporate a user-driven query expansion function. The regular expression is a simple example for an expression that would be applied to the content part of a message. On the 99-node cluster  , indexing time for the first English segment of the ClueWeb09 collection ∼50 million pages was 145 minutes averaged over three trials; the fastest and slowest running times differed by less than 10 minutes. A chi-squared test found no significant difference in the number of participants beginning work across the nine conditions. Definition pattern matching is the most important feature used for identifying definitions. The self-folding devices in this paper were all fabricated using methods consistent with those published in Felton et al. For VerticalSQL  , this involves selection on the key predicates  , fetching the tuples  , sorting them on Oid  , and doing a merge sort join. If the client wants to choose the implementations ArrayImpl for Stack interface  , PeekImpl1 for PeekCapability  , and SearchImpl for SearchCapability  , then using the code pattern proposed in Section 4 of this paper  , the following declaration can be used: In particular  , suppose that peek and search are the features or operations to be added and that PeekCapability and SearchCapability are the interfaces that define these two features  , respectively. Thus  , the third heuristic is: 'The Cornell and Yu results apply to hash-based  , sort-merge  , and nested loops join methods. The results of the pattern-matching are also linguistically normalized  , i.e. The shaded areas indicate the keyphrases that would be extracted using the default settings of each model. When necessary  , Ontobroker builds the appropriate indices to speed up query evaluation  , and  , when multiple CPUs are available  , it parallelizes the computation . The results  , shown in Figure 10  , indicate very good range search performance for query selectivities greater than 0.5%  , and sufficiently good even at smaller query selectivities. Thus  , each occurrence of the regular expression represents one data object from the web page. On the second task  , our model demonstrates that previous state-of-the-art retrieval systems can benefit from using our deep learning model. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in Figure 4. Users used the search panel to find stories  , as with the SCAN browser  , but had only the random access player  " tape-recorder "  for browsing within " documents " . the time needed for its evaluation  , becomes larger. Semantic pattern discovery aims to relate the data item slots in Pm to the data components in the user-defined schema. All our official runs were evaluated by trec eval as they were baselines  , because we updated the final ranks but not the final topical-opinion scores. All words in the embedding space retain their " language annotations " ; although the words from two different languages are represented in the same semantic space  , we still know whether a word belongs to language LS e.g.  Presenting a proximity-based method for estimating the probability that a specific query expansion term is relevant to the query term. To train these semantic matching models  , we need to collect three training sets  , formed by pairs of question patterns and their true answer type/pseudopredicate/entity pairs. The items are then extracted in a table format by parsing the Web page to the discovered regular patterns. After a random number of forward and backward movements along the ranked list  , the user will end their search and we will evaluate the total utility provided by the system to them by taking the average of the precision of the judged relevant documents they has considered during their search. Exact pattern matching in a suux tree involves one partial traversal per query. These approaches use information extraction technologies that include pattern matching  , natural-language parsing  , and statistical learning 25  , 9  , 4  , 1  , 23  , 20  , 8 . A regular expression r is single occurrence if every element name occurs at most once in it. For the sort-merge band join  , assuming that the memory is large enough so that both relations can be sorted in two passes each  , the I/O cost consists of three parts: R contain /R pages  , and let S cont'ain ISI pages  , and let  , F he the fraction of R pages that fit in memory. In this case  , preliminary merge steps are required to reduce the number of runs before the final merge can be carried out. It downloads multiple pages typically 500 in parallel. Each size of the model of quadrangle  , each location of the pattern matching model  , and the location of the center of iris are established. Since coverage tends to increase with sequence length  , the DFS strategy likely finds a higher coverage sequence faster than the breadth-first search BFS. Genetic Programming shows its sharp edge in solving such kind of problems  , since its internal tree structure representation for " individuals " can be perfectly used for describing ranking functions. In this paper  , we propose a new Word Embedding-based metric  , which we instantiate using 8 different Word Embedding models trained using different datasets and different parameters. Also  , query expansion in target language recovers the semantics loss by inspecting the rest well-translated terms. Figure 4shows the number of results returned by the two approaches for the 316 queries.  Automatic building of terminological hierarchies. Regarding the multiple adjective choice  , even if not supported by statistical significance  , we observe that children in the OAT condition chose no machine category adjectives  , 30% of the chosen adjectives belonged to the humanized category and 70% to the relational one. External sources for expansion terms  , i.e. To date  , no transparent syntactical equivalent counterpart is known. 14  recently analyze places and events in a collection of geotagged photos using DBSCAN. Here  , " Architecture " is an expression of the pattern-matching sublanguage. Let us assume that the attack pattern for this vulnerability is specified using the following regular expression Σ * < Σ * where Σ denotes any ASCII character. It was common  , for example   , to find programs where  , given a few hundred random searches  , the fastest search order outperformed the slowest by four or five orders of magnitude. For query generation  , we modify verb constructions with auxiliaries that differ in questions and corresponding answers  , e.g. " The hill-climbing approach is fast and practical. On the other hand  , the pattern in Figure 2a will not capture all resale activities due to the limitation of using the single account matching. attack or legitimate activity  , according to the IDS model. While the sort is executing this merge step  , the available memory is reduced to 8 buffers. EDITOR is a procedural language 4 for extraction and restructuring of text from arbitrary documents. We perform this ordering-space-search for 100 random trials. The 'Time' column reports the wall-clock average time required for a trial that produced a primary repair. Thii attribute enables DBLEARN to output such statistical statements as 8% of all students majoring in Sociology are Asians. The goal of this work is to improve attribute prediction in dynamic domains by incorporating the influence of timevarying links into statistical relational models. It was able to orient our test images with modest accuracy  , but its performance was insufficient to break the captcha. The search logs used in this study consist of a list of querydocument pairs  , also known as clickthrough data. This package provides reawnably fast pattc:rn matching over a rich pattern language. The path search uses the steps from the bidirectional BFS to grow the frontiers of entities used to connect paths. The dotted lines indicate the path each contact took in 3D space during the iterated refinement and hill climbing steps. Three classes of matching schemes are used for the detection of patterns namely the state-  , the velocity-and the frequency-matching. A regular expression domain can infer a structure of $0-9 ,Parsing is easy because of consistent delimiter. Wiki considers the Wikipedia redirect pairs as the candidates. These diagnostic expansion queries are partial expansions simulated using the fully expanded queries created by real users. an external sort deals with memory shortages by initiating a merge step that fits the remaining memory. The experimental setup is shown in Fig. As queries we assume single term queries  , which form the basis for more complex and combined queries in a typical Information Retrieval setting. Thus the load for computing the tree and hence for testing the hypotheses varies. The value that results in the best performance is shown in the graphs for DBSCAN. As the crawl progresses  , the quality of the downloaded pages deteriorates. Applying a regular expression pattern   , such as " find capitalized phrases containing some numbers with length greater than two "   , on the text " The Nokia 6600 was one of the oldest models. " Furthermore  , pattern matching across hyper-links which is important for Web Site navigation is not supported. Figure 3shows the recursive procedure  , which is based upon depth--rst search. For the chosen innovation problem  , the evaluators were presented with the lists of 30 top-ranked suggestions generated by ad- Words  , hyProximity mixed approach and Random Indexing. Another possibly less efficient implementation is to use a recursive SQL statement as alluded to in Das et al 4. This generic representation is a list of regular expressions  , where each regular expression represents the links occurring in a page the crawler has to follow to reach the target pages. percolation "  ? we conclude that folding the facets panel is neither necessarily beneficial nor detrimental. Synthetic expression generation. Our impiemcntation of paging works as follows: The external sort keeps a copy of the current tuple of each input run in its private work space  , where the tuples are merged. In this section we exemplify what we have described so far by presenting two concrete applications in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET systems. In contrast  , last criterion   , which is typical of schemes generally seen in the robotics literature  , yields analytical expressions for the trajectory and locally-optimal solutions for joint rates and actuator forces. As discussed in Section 5  , the size is strongly related to the selectivity . The effect of search pruning at all Rtree levels is that  , starting from the top level  , the two nodes  , one from each R-tree  , are only traversed for join computation if the MBRs of their parent nodes overlap . It entails a match step to find all rules with a context pattern matching the current context. In addition there are 9 lexicon lists including: LastNames  , FirstNames  , States  , Cities  , Countries  , JobTitles  , CompanyNameComponents  , Titles   , StreetNameComponents. Tries to prove the current formula with automatic induction. This run constitutes our baseline for the runs applying the query expansion methodology. The same sets of images and the same searches were used for all subjects  , but each subject carried out a different search on a particular set. We further propose two methods to combine the proposed topic models with the random walk framework for academic search. The match scores are normalized to the range 0 ,1  , raised to the fourth power to exaggerate the peak  , and then a center-of mass calculation is performed for all cells. Let's say we are deciding between the heuristic recommender and the aspect model for implicit rating prediction. GP is a machine learning technique inspired by biological evolution to find solutions optimized for certain problem characteristics. There are several main differences between string matching and the discovery of FA patterns. Topic 78 Points for Systems with Query Expansion. Our measurements prove that our optimization technique can yield significant speedups  , speedups that are better in most cases than those achieved by magic sets or the NRSU-transformation. Flexible parsing methods  , often based on pattern matching  , are of value in these situations 41. counting support for possible valid patterns. Finally  , a hill-climbing phase in which different implernentation choices are considered reintroduces some of the interactions. A variety of transformations may be employed  , including function folding and unfolding  , data type refinement  , and optimizing transformations. The paper presents a new approach to modeling a ve­ hicle system that can be viewed as a further develop­ ment of predicate/transition Petri neLs  , in which the underlying graph is undirected and tokens have a di­ rection attribute. Experimental results show that our approach outperforms the baseline methods and the existing systems. Intuitively  , affirmative negated words are mapped to the affirmative negated representations  , which can be used to predict the surrounding words and word sentiment in affirmative negated context. Moreover  , IMRank always works well with simple heuristic rankings  , such as degree  , strength. As ohservcd in the mcasuremcnts at S ,  , the sort-merge methods require more disk accesses than the nested loops methods due IO sorting. The types of actuator design of self-folding sheets are determined by a selected actuator design function in Sec. Thus  , we will use regular expressions to specify the history component of a guard. Moreover  , DBSCAN requires a human participant to determine the global parameter Eps. The amount of query expansion for the SK case was thus chosen to be less than that used for the SU case because of the interaction between the query and document expansion devices. Simple margin measures the uncertainty of an simple example x by its distance to the hyperplane w calculated as: In the framework of Support Vector Machine18  , three methods have been proposed to measure the uncertainty of simple data  , which are referred as simple margin  , MaxMin margin and ratio margin. For topic 78  , query expansion also reduces the variation due to restatement but the two expansion systems do this differently. The latter join is implemented as a three-way mid 4 -outer sort-merge join. These features are usually generated based on mel-frequency cepstral coefficients MFCCs 7 by applying Fast Fourier transforms to the signal. For the above example  , the developers compute the regular expression once and store it into a variable: The optimization applied to avoid such performance issues is to store the results of the computation for later reuse  , e.g. We will briefly examine why these ideas are misguided based as they are on intuition about the nature of testing and how they may be reformulated to take account of scientific principles. It is the latter capability that allows us to define aggregate functions simply. For topic 59  , query expansion does not recognize one equivalence in the query statements  , the equivalence between " storm-related " and " weather-related. " One of the ways in which object-oriented programming helps us to do more  , to cope with the everincreasing variety of objects that our programs are asked to manipulate  , is by encouraging the programmer to provide diverse objects with uniform protocol. The input of the system is a set of HTTPTraces  , which will be described in the following sections  , and the output is a set of regular expression signatures identifying central servers of MDNs. Consider a software system that is modeled by its inheritance and containment graphs  , and the task is to analyze how many instances of the design pattern Composite are used in the design of the system. Another cause for materialization is backward navigation that cannot be transformed into forward navigation. Another method called query expansion expands the query terms with similar keywords for refining search results and guessing the user's query intents 2  , 11  , 27  , 28. Next  , we consider each search engine to be a random capture of the document population at a certain time. This subset size corresponds to a scenario where the pages are evenly distributed over a 16-node search engine   , which is the typical setup in our lab. Answer for RQ1: In our experiment  , for most programs 23/24  , random search used by RSRepair performs better in terms of requiring fewer patch trials to search a valid patch than genetic programming used by GenProg  , regardless of whether genetic programming really starts to work see Figure 1 or not. Finally  , we applied data mining DM techniques based on grammar-guided genetic programming GGGP to create reference models useful for defining population groups. We set the description field as the expansion field  , and we also select 10 documents in the first retrieval results as the expansion source. After a document has been chosen it is removed from all rankings it occurs in and all softmax distributions are renormalized. Overall  , hill-climbing helps us reducing overlapping facets without losing much coverage of target articles. Upper Bound " refers to the situation when the best sub-query and best expansion set was used for query reduction and expansion respectively. In both systems large aggregations  , which often include large sort operations are widespread . In the second experiment  , the robot moved along a corridor environment about 60 meters while capturing images under varying illumination conditions  , as shown in Fig. This is the same optimization done in the standard two-pass sort-merge join  , implemented by many database systems. Case-folding overcomes differences between terms by representing all terms uniformly in a single case. Plurality is implemented using Apache's Solr – a web services stack built over the Lucene search engine – to provide real-time tag suggestions. We download the unique web pages of deleted questions in our experimental dataset and employ a regular expression to extract this information. The generation of potential candidates i s performed by Prolog's pattern matching. Word embedding as technique for representing the meaning of a word in terms other words  , as exemplified by the Word2vec ap- proach 7 . Rating imputation is prediction of ratings for items where we have implicit rating observations. Regarding input data generation  , all sequences  , matching the pattern are favored and get higher chance to occur. An example is given below: The outcome is a value close to 1 if the tweet contains an high level of syntactically incorrect content. During systematic concurrency testing  , ρ is stored in a search stack S. We call s ∈ S an abstract state  , because unlike a concrete program state  , s does not store the actual valuation of all program variables. Query expansion  , in gereral  , does make a positive contribution to the retrieval performance. The odds of a random function returning the right results in these cases is quite small. The SSG may contain cycles  , hence it is not necessary to introduce k-limiting techniques to represent self-referential data structures. In the next section  , we present empirical evidences that lead to Proposition 3. The current release of the CYCLADES system does not fully exploit the potentiality of the CS since it uses the CS only as a means to construct virtual information spaces that are semantically meaningful from some community's perspective. In addition  , we find that the performance differences of different imputation methods are slight on small datasets  , like Albrecht and Kemerer. For example  , the Gnutella data download signature can be expressed as: 'ˆServer:|User-Agent: \t*LimeWire| BearShare|Gnucleus|Morpheus|XoloX| gtk-gnutella|Mutella|MyNapster|Qtella| AquaLime|NapShare|Comback|PHEX|SwapNut| FreeWire|Openext|Toadnode' Due to the fact that it is expensive to perform full regular expression matches over all TCP payloads we exploit the fact that the required regular expression matches are of a limited variety. In order to identify what function class we focus our consideration on  , we adopt the syntactic restrictions of the state-of-the-art work on structural recursion 3  , which define the common form of structurally recursive function. One promising technique to circumvent this is soft pattern matching. PORE is a holistic pattern matching approach  , which has been implemented for relation-instance extraction from Wikipedia. The first Col/Lib and second Loc columns give information about the name of the collection and their location. One of the first works to address abusive language was 21  which used a supervised classification technique in conjunction with n-gram  , manually developed regular expression patterns  , contextual features which take into account the abusiveness of previous sentences. This Figure 4: Use of case inheritance search travels upwards in the hierarchy  , i.e. Compute D and perform a breadth-first search of D as indicated above starting with To as the set of visited vertices and ending when some vertex in the goal set 7~ ha5 been reached. Since this type of predictions involve larger temporal horizons and needs to use both the controller organization and modalities  , it may yield larger errors. The resulting vocabulary contains 150k words out of which only 60% are found in the word embeddings model. Our work differs from them as we use prime path coverage  , which subsumes all other graph coverage criteria  , to generate the event sequences. This system employs two novel ideas related to generic answer type matching using web counts and web snippet pattern matching. All such topics where a query term without expansion terms is selected are annotated with diamond shaped borders in the plot. The results are arranged along two dimensions of user effort  , the number of query terms selected for expansion  , and the maximum number of expansion terms to include for a selected query term. Cossette and colleagues 9 used a pattern matching approach to link artifacts among languages. A truly robust solution needs to include other techniques  , such as machine learning applied to instances  , natural language technology  , and pattern matching to reuse known matches. Since there are a lot of noise data  , DBSCAN with larger Eps is likely to include those noise data and cause chain affection  , forming serval larger clusters instead of small individual clusters. The learned representations can be used in realizing the tasks  , with often enhanced performance . Nonetheless  , the log-merge method does significantly improve result-set merging performance relative to a straightforward sort operation on relevance scores. Our experiments are discussed in Section 4. Thus the robots would need to explicitly coordinate which policies they &e to evaluate  , and find a way to re-do evaluations that are interrupted by battery changes. There is actually a series of variants of DL2R model with different components and different context utilization strategies. However  , in many other cases  , it requires rescanning the entire updated database DB in order to build the corresponding FP-tree. First  , we briefly introduce Word2Vec  , a set of models that are used to produce word embeddings  , and Doc2Vec  , a modification of Word2Vec to generate document embeddings  , in Section 4.1. For example  , the pattern language for Java names allows glob-style wildcards  , with " * " matching a letter sequence and "  ? " In these experiments  , each account logs into Google and then browses 5 random pages from 50 demographically skewed websites each day. To better understand the motion of figured mechanisms and machines DMG-Lib can animate selected figures within e-books. Here  , pattern matching can be considered probabilistic generation of test sequences based on training sequences. Metaheuristic algo- rithms 9 are elaborate combinations of hill climbing and random search to deal with local maxima. No data type exists to speak of  , with the exception of strings  , whitespace-free strings  , and enumerations of strings. For feature smoothing  , we found that it is valuable to apply different amounts of smoothing to single term features and proximity features 5. Random search techniques  , on the other hand  , are probabilistically complete but may take a long time to find a solution 12 . However  , the fully connected AE ignores the high dimensionality and spatial structure of an image. There appears to be no significant difference among the single imputation techniques at the 1% level of significance. Moreover  , the self-organidng map was used in 29 for text claeaiflcation. The standard way of deriving the semantics of a recursive function is to compute the least fixed point of its generating function. \Ye note that the inverse in the above expression exists a t regular points. We show an example of a probabilistically deaened search space in Figure 3  , which includes an ëactual" aeeld obtained by a random generation of object locations from this probabilistic data. Since the temporal data from 'gentle interaction' trials were made of many blobs  , while temporal data from 'strong interaction' trials were mainly made of peaks  , we decided to focus on the Fourier spectrum also called frequency spectrum  which a would express these differences: for gentle interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for lower frequencies while for strong interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for higher frequencies. On the other hand  , in a multiuser environment much less buffer space may actually be available. We then asked them to rate the relevancy and unexpectedness of suggestions using the above described scales. That is  , each of these normalization rules takes as input a single token and maps it to a more general class  , all of which are accepted by the regular expression. Therefore  , the imputation method used in our experiment fits better for S&P500 data set. We limit random walks within two steps. Thus pipelined and setoriented strategies have similar complexity on a DBGraph. An autoencoder can also have hidden layer whose size is greater than the size of input layer. Our conservative query expansion hurt us in this environment. The crawl was breadth-first and stopped after one million html pages had been fetched. For each of the features  , we describe our motivation and the method used for extraction below. Caching is an important optimization in search engine architectures . Automatic query expansion technique has been widely used in IR. In order to compare to DBSCAN  , we only use the number of points here since DBSCAN can only cluster points according to their spatial location. We rather do the merge twice  , outputting only the scores in the first round  , doing a partial sort of these to obtain the min-k score  , and then repeat the merge  , but this time with an on-the-fly pruning of all documents with a bestscore below that min-k score. nary operator corresponding to pointer chasing. 11shows the result for hill climbing using SBMPC  , which commanded the robot to back up and then accelerate to a velocity of 0.55 m/s at 1.5 s  , a velocity maintained until approximately 2.3 s  , the time at which the vehicle was positioned at the bottom of the hill. In order to address these concerns  , we propose to represent contexts of entities in documents using word embeddings. These ngram structures can be captured using the following regular expression: Feature Extraction: Extract word-ngram features where n > 1 using local and global frequency counts from the entire transcript.  We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. the given regular expression R patterns contained in the sequence.  We design an efficient last-to-first allocating strategy to approximately estimate the ranking-based marginal influence spread of nodes for a given ranking  , further improving the efficiency of IMRank. The first string of the pattern i.e. For voice and plctures  , however  , patterns are not easy to detlne and they often require compllcated and tlmd oonsumlng pattern recognltlon technlauss rRsdd76. For the specific case that only the drive factors are incomplete  , we structurize the effort data and employ the low-rank recovery technique for imputation. As a pilot study  , we believe that this work has opened a new door to recommendation systems using deep learning from multiple data sources. All three of these tasks differ from RMS operations  , in that they only provide a single view of the workspace. Terms from the top ten documents were ranked using the same expansion score used in the post-hoc English expansion. Collingbourne et al. The Minimum and Maximum values are the observed minimum and maximum number of states explored by a random search in the pool. By using joints which can only fold in one direction  , theoretically  , feet would slap and stroke in a flat formation  , fold during retraction  , and avoid accidentally collapsing the cavity. Then  , the intensity p 0 was estimated from the retweet sequence of interest by using the fitting procedure developed in section 3.3. We present our applied approach  , detailed system implementation and experimental results in the context of Facebook in Section 6. Compared to the baseline without query expansion  , all expansion techniques significantly improved the result quality in terms of precision@10 and MAP. We made similar observations when we applied DB- SCAN to the metabolome data: the computed clusters contained newborns with all sorts of class labels. Using auxiliary tree T   , recursive function sort csets is invoked to sort the component sets. Basically  , Support Vector Machine aim at searching for a hyperplane that separates the positive data points and the negative data points with maximum margin.