In query optimization using views  , to compute probabilities correctly we must determine how tuples are correlated. The X-axis shows the number of levels of nesting in each query  , while the Y-axis shows the query execution time. Genetic Programming searches for an " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. 'I'he traditional optimization problem is to choose an optimal plan for a query. Based on the estimates of model parameters and the software metrics data  , the predictive likelihood function at the τ + 1-st increment is given by Hence  , we utilize the subjective estimate of Metric 2 predicted by the project manager  , ˆ yτ+1 ,j. Therefore  , we can utilize convex optimization techniques to find approximate solutions. Semantic query optimization can be viewed as the search for the minimum cost query execution plan in the space of all possible execution plans of the various semantically equivalent hut syntactically ditferent versions of the original query. Substantial research on object-oriented query optimization has focused on the design and use of path indexes  , e.g. 2 The loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model 18   , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. DBSCAN must set Eps large enough to detect some clusters. In addition   , it also demotes the general question which was ranked at the 8th position  , because it is not representative of questions asking product aspects. for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. collision avoidance as well as helping achieve the overall task. A cutoff value p 5 0.05 was used to decide whether to continue segmentation. We showed the optimization of a simple query. This simplifies query optimization Amma85. First  , expressing the " nesting " predicate .. Kim argued that query 2 was in a better form for optimization  , because it allows the optimizer to consider more strategies. According to the density-based definition  , a cluster consists of the minimum number of points MinPts to eliminate very small clusters as noise; and for every point in the cluster  , there exists another point in the same cluster whose distance is less than the distance threshold Eps points are densely located. A modular arrangement of optimization methods makes it possible to add  , delete and modify individual methods  , without affecting the rest. For a query q consisting of a number of terms qti  , our reference search engine The Indri search engine would return a ranked list of documents using the query likelihood model from the ClueWeb09 category B dataset: Dqdq ,1  , dq ,2  , ..  , dq ,n where dq ,i refers to the document ranked i for the query q based on the reference search engine's standard ranking function. We also look at friendship probability as a function of rank where rank is the number of people who live closer than a friend ranked by distance  , and note that in general  , people who live in cities tend to have friends that are more scattered throughout the country. This method only requires function evaluations  , not derivatives. We expected the first prefix-global feature to receive a large negative weight  , guided by the intuition that humans would always go directly to the target as soon as this is possible. The models and procedures described here are part of the query optimization. Our ideas are implemented in the DB2 family. In this way  , after two optimization calls we obtain both the best hypothetical plan when all possible indexes are present and the best " executable " plan that only uses available indexes. Then  , in this subsection we plan to investigate to what extent genetic programming used by GenProg worsens the repair efficiency over random search used by RSRepair. " As the experiment progresses from Fig. 13; however  , since most users are interested in the top-ranking documents only  , additional work may be necessary in order to modify the query optimization step accordingly. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. We believe this is a novel result in the sense of minimalistic sensing 7 . The effectiveness of a strategy for a single topic is computed as a function of the ranks of the relevant documents. For DBSCAN we do not show the results for DS4 and Swiss-roll since it returned only one cluster  , even when we played with different parameter set- tings. The intention of the method is to trade time for space requirements. We now apply query optimization strategies whenever the schema changes. Learning the combination weight w can be conducted by maximizing the log-likelihood function using the iterative reweighted least squares method. We also report the logarithm of the likelihood function LM  for each click model M   , averaged over all query sessions S in the test set all click models are learned to optimize the likelihood function : Lower values of perplexity correspond to higher quality of a model. The likelihood function of collected data is So  , we confine our-selves to a very brief overview and refer the reader to 25  , 32 for more details. The coefficients C.'s will be estimated through the maximi- ' zation of a likelihood function  , built in the usual fashion  , i.e. Consider a two class classification problem. We conclude with a discussion of open problems and future work. Here mission similarity refers to the likelihood that two queries appear in the same mission   , while missions are sequences of queries extracted from users' query logs through a mission detector. To build the plan we use logical and physical query optimization. A more general definition of a pattern can involve mixed node types within one pattern  , but is beyond the scope of this paper. DBSCAN produced a group of 10 clusters from the log data with around 20% classified as 'noise' – points too far away from any of the produced clusters to be considered for inclusion and discarded from further analyses. Once registered in Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. This file contains various classes of optimization/translation rules in a specific syntax and order. The night sky is one example; as the magnification level is adjusted  , one will identify different groupings or clusters. We can see that the transformation times for optimized queries increase with query complexity from around 300 ms to 2800ms. Parameter values of = 0.4 and M inP ts = 200 were chosen through empirical investigation. A " high " optimization cost may be acceptable for a repetitive query since it can be amortized over multiple executions. This method is common because it gives a concise  , analytical estimate of the parameters based on the data. Our demonstration also includes showing the robustness POP adds to query optimization for these sources of errors. More precisely  , we demonstrate features related to query rewriting  , and to memory management for large documents. However  , their optimization method is based on Eq. The leftmost point is for pure IPC and the rightmost for pure OptPFD. Section 2 formally defines the parametric query optimization problem and provides background material on polytopes. First  , our query optimization rules are based on optimizing XPath expressions over SQL/XML and object relational SQL. The knowcenter group classified the topic-relevant blogs using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset. -We shall compare the methods for extensible optimization in more detail in BeG89. Dynamic re-optimization techniques augment query plans with special operators that collect statistics about the actual data during the execution of a query 9  , 13. The classifier uses these similarity functions to decide whether or not citations belong to a same author. The weights for major concepts and the sub concepts are 1.0 and 0.2  , respectively. To achieve high search accuracy  , the LSH method needs to use multiple hash tables to produce a good candidate set. The recent rapid expansion of access to information has significantly increased the demands on retrieval or classification of sentiment information from a large amount of textual data. The 'Time' column reports the wall-clock average time required for a trial that produced a primary repair. RQ2 is designed to answer the question. Moreover  , DBSCAN requires a human participant to determine the global parameter Eps. higher Max F 1 score than ANDD-LSH-Jacc  , and both outperform Charikar's random projection method. TTnfortllllat.ely  , query optimization of spatial data is different from that of heterogeneous databases because of the cost function. In particular  , M3 uses the statistics to estimate the cardinality of both The third strategy  , denoted M3 in what follows  , is a variant of M2 that employs full quad-based query optimization to reach a suitable physical query plan. 2   , we expect that EM will not converge to a reasonable solution due to many local suboptimal maxima in the likelihood function. To give proper answers for these questions  , we propose a new approach to content-targeted advertising based on Genetic Programming GP. In the case of DBSCAN the index finds the correct number of clusters that is three. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. We define our ranking in Section 4.1 and describe its offline and online computation components in Sections 4.2 and 4.3  , respectively. Even the expressions above and in And as such these approaches offer excellent opportunities for query optimization. Lots can be explored using me&data such as concept hierarchies  and discovered knowledge. A related approach is multi-query execution rather than optimization. The major form of query optimization employed in KCRP results from proof schema structure sharing. We integrate over all the parameters except μs to derive the likelihood function PrC1:m|μs. Thus  , cost functions used by II heavily influence what remote servers i.e. For suitable choices of these it might be feasible to efficiently obtain a solution. The above likelihood function can then be maximized with respect to its parameters. Because of this  , any estimate for which falls outside of this range is quite unlikely  , and it is reasonable to remove all such solutions from consideration by choosing appropriate bounds. Rather than considering only rectangular objects  , we propose approximating the likelihood function by integrating over an appropriate half plane. We plot two different metrics – RMS deviation and log-likelihood of the maximum-marginal interpretation – as a function of iteration . However  , even if T does not accurately measure the likelihood that a page is good  , it would still be useful if the function could at least help us order pages by their likelihood of being good. The original method  , referred to as query prioritization QP   , cannot be used in our experiments because it is defined as a convex optimization that demands a set of initial judgments for all the queries. However  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. For the entropybased LSH method  , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset. The query optimizer can add-derivation operators in a query expression for optimization purpose without explicitly creating new graph view schemes in the database. Given the problem  , RQ1 asks whether genetic programming used by GenProg works well to benefit the generation of valid patches. We used strongly typed genetic programming The specific primitives added for each problem are discussed with setup of the the initial population  , results of crossover and mutation  , and subtrees created during mutation respectively . Our experiments were carried out with Virtuoso RDBMS  , certain optimization techniques for relational databases can also be applied to obtain better query performance. Fernandez and Dan Suciu 13 propose two query optimization techniques to rewrite a given regular path expression into another query that reduces the scope of navigation. Results. MIRACLE exploits some techniques used by the OR- ACLE Server for the query optimization a rule-based approach and an statistical approach. To reduce execution costs we introduced basic query optimization for SPARQL queries. Compiling SQL queries on XML documents presents new challenges for query optimization. Note the importance of separating the optimization time from the execution time in interpreting these results. This model also shows the potential ability to correct the order of a question list by promoting diversified results on the camera dataset. In this paper we have introduced a new approach based on the combination of term weighting components  , extracted from well-known information retrieval ranking formulas  , using genetic programming. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects  , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. The second potential function of the MRF likelihood formulation is the one between pairs of reviewers . In the M step  , we treat all the variables in Θ as parameters and estimate them by maximizing the likelihood function. Therefore  , we follow the same principle as LUBM where query patterns are stated in descending order  , w.r.t. However   , the biggest difference to most methods in the second category is that Pete does not assume any panicular dishhution for the data or the error function. In this paper we presented EAGLE  , an active learning approach for genetic programming that can learn highly accurate link specifications. Finally  , the distribution of θ is updated with respect to its posterior distribution. The local clusters are represented by special objects that have the best representative power. The introduction of an ER schema for the database improves the optimization that can be performed on GraphLog queries for example  , by exploiting functional dependencies as suggested in 25  , This means that the engineer can concentrate on the correct formulation of the query and rely on automatic optimization techniques to make it execute efficiently. Also note that the space cost of LSH is much higher than ours as tens of hash tables are needed  , and the computational cost to construct those hash tables are not considered in the com- parison. Since there are a lot of noise data  , DBSCAN with larger Eps is likely to include those noise data and cause chain affection  , forming serval larger clusters instead of small individual clusters. The goal of grammarguided genetic programming is to solve the closure problem 7. In addition to considering when such views are usable in evaluating a query  , they suggest how to perform this optimization in a cost-based fashion. part of the scheduler to do multiple query optimization betwtcn the subqucries. where Fjy  , x is a feature function which extracts a realvalued feature from the label sequence y and the observation sequence x  , and Zx is a normalization factor for each different observation sequence x. The derivation of the gradient and the Hessian of the log-likelihood function are described below specifically for the SO3 manifold. QLQ  , A + sub achieves significant better results than all the other systems do at 0.01 level for all evaluation metrics  , except for bigram-ROUGE precision score when b = 50 and TFIDF cosine similarity score when b = 100. As in applying II to conventional query optimization  , an interesting question that arises in parametric query optimization is how to determine the running time of a query optimizer for real applications . Another approach to contextual advertising is to reduce it to the problem of sponsored search advertising by extracting phrases from the page and matching them with the bid phrase of the ads. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. After estimating model parameters   , we have to determine the best fitting model from a set of candidate models. This is the major motivation to choose GP for the ranking function discovery task. If a trajectory of a person is observed from tracking people function  , we search the nearest 5 clusters to the trajectory and merge likelihood of each exception map to anticipate the person. Out of the 90 buggy programs  , with a test suite size of 50 — SEMFIX repaired 48 buggy programs while genetic programming repaired only 16. Although they also used genetic programming  , their evaluation was limited to small programs such as bubble sorting and triangle classification  , while our evaluation includes real bugs in open source software. DBSCAN proved very sensitive to the parameter settings. They are complementary to our study as they target an environment where a cost-based optimization module is available. A sensitivity question is whether this approach generates a larger candidate set than the other approaches or not. Recent work has addressed this drawback by relying on active learning  , which was shown in 15 to reduce the amount of labeled data needed for learning link specifications. This global objective function is hard to evaluate. b With learning  , using the full trajectory likelihood function: large error in final position estimate. The evolution of the likelihood function Lθm with respect to the signal source location x s after n samples. A powerful 00 data modelling language permits the construction of more complex schemas than for relational databases. Using an error situation obtained with the sampled parameters  , a fitness unction based on the allowed recovery criteria can be defined. The localization method that we use constructs a likelihood function in the space of possible robot positions. The conventional approach to query optimization is to pick a single efficient plan for a query  , based on statistical properties of the data along with other factors such as system conditions. This worked well when the demonstrations were all very similar  , but we found that our weighted squared-error cost function with rate-change penalty yielded better alignments in our setting  , in which the demonstrations were far less similar in size and time scale. For methods SH and STH  , although these methods try to preserve the similarity between documents in their learned hashing codes  , they do not utilize the supervised information contained in tags. Second  , we describe a novel two-stage optimization technique for parameterized query expansion. As the software development progresses  , we make the lookahead prediction of the number of software faults in the subsequent incremental system testing phase  , based on the NHPP-based SRMs.  the query optimization problem under the assumption that each call to a conjunctive solver has unit cost and that the only set operation allowed is union. Perhaps surprisingly  , transaction rates are not problematic. Our work builds on this paradigm. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 18. Originally  , query containment was studied for optimization of relational queries 9  , 33 . Samples are represented by yellow points  , the vector field depicts the gradient of Lθm. However  , this method does not use task-specific objective function for learning the metric; more importantly  , it does not learn the bit vector representation directly. In the following we describe the two major components of our demonstration: 1 the validity range computation and CHECK placement  , and 2 the re-optimization of an example query. Note that even our recipes that do not exploit this optimization outperform the optimized VTK program and the optimized SQL query. The results achieved by query likelihood models with the submodular function are promising compared with conventional diversity promotion technique. In the rest of the paper  , we will omit writing the function Ψ for notational simplicity. Essentially  , we take the ratio of the greatest likelihood possible given our hypothesis  , to the likelihood of the best " explanation " overall. Note that the definition of " Noise " is equivalent to DBSCAN. The compiled query plan is optimized using wellknown relational optimization techniques such as costing functions and histograms of data distributions. Thus the robots would need to explicitly coordinate which policies they &e to evaluate  , and find a way to re-do evaluations that are interrupted by battery changes. The most expensive lists to look at will be the ones dropped because of optimization. In query optimization mode  , BHUNT automatically partitions the data into " normal " data and " exception " data. Typically  , all sub-expressions need to be optimized before the SQL query can be optimized. That is  , compared to random search  , genetic programming does not bring benefits in term of fewer NCP in this case to balance the cost caused by fitness evaluations. In addition  , the construction of the index data structure should be quick and it should deal with various sequences of insertions and deletions conveniently. The original language modeling approach as proposed in 9 involves a two-step scoring procedure: 1 Estimate a document language model for each document; 2 Compute the query likelihood using the estimated document language model directly. We abstract two models — query and keyword language models — to study bidding optimization prob- lems. 'Alternative schemes  , such as picking the minimum distance among those locations I whose likelihood is above a certain threshold are not guaranteed to yield the same probabilistic bound in the likelihood of failure. As we have formalized link specifications as trees  , we can use Genetic Programming GP to solve the problem of finding the most appropriate complex link specification for a given pair of knowledge bases. Query optimization in general is still a big problem. introduced an incremental version of DBSCAN 10. Also  , our method performs well in recognition rate and show robustness in different calligraphic styles. Genetic ProgrammingGP is the method of learning and inference using this tree-based representation". Many researchers have worked on optimizer architectures that facilitate flexibility: Bat86  , GD87  , BMG93  , GM931 are proposals for optimizer genera- tors; HFLP89  , BG92 described extensible optimizers in the extended relational context; MDZ93  , KMP93  proposed architectural frameworks for query optimization in object bases. To achieve better optimization results  , we add an L2 penalty term to the location and time deviations in our objective function in addition to the log likelihood. Our second goal with this demo is to present some of our first experiments with query optimization in Galax. This is an open question and may require further research. When the sequence length t is large  , the huge number of classes makes the multi-class Support Vector Machine infeasible. Surprisingly  , this simple rule based heuristic performs better than a Support Vector Machine based approach. However   , before drawing inferences from the resulting clusters it is essential to validate the results to reduce the possibility that the clusters were identified by chance and do not actually reflect differences in the underlying data. In order to investigate this issue a relevant set of training data must be generated for a case with potential collisions  , e.g. Learning approaches based on genetic programming have been most frequently used to learn link specifications 5 ,15 ,17. Construct validity threats concern the appropriateness of the evaluation measurement. Then  , the intensity p 0 was estimated from the retweet sequence of interest by using the fitting procedure developed in section 3.3. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . In general  , we propose to maximize the following normalized likelihood function with a relative weight c~  , Which importance one gives to predicting terms relative to predicting links may depend on the specific application . It is organized as follows: Section 2 presents the question classification problem; Section 3 compares several machine learning approaches to question classification with conventional surface text features; Section 4 describes a special kernel function called tree kernel to enable the Support Vector Machines to take advantage of the syntactic structures of questions; Section 5 is the related work; and Section 6 concludes the paper. This joint likelihood function is defined as: 3 is replaced by a joint class distribution for both the labeled samples and the unlabeled samples with high confidence scores. Under this alternate objective  , we try to maximize the function: This objective therefore controls for the overall likelihood of a bad event rather than controlling for individual bad events. This confirms that if the repair expression does not exist in other places of the program  , genetic programming based approaches have rather low chance of synthesizing the repair. First  , the initial population is generated  , and then genetic operators  , such as Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces  , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. This includes the grouping specified by the group by clause of the query  , if any exists. Support Vector Machine based text categorization 8  is adopted to automatically classify a textual document into a set of predefined hierarchy that consists of more than 1k categories. One of the early influential work on diversification is that of Maximal Marginal Relevance MMR presented by Carbonell and Goldstein in 5. optimization cost so far + execution cost is minimum. We assume that  , when no measurement information is available  , the feature can be anywhere in the 3D space with equal probability i.e. Sections 4 and 5 detail a query evaluation method and its optimization techniques. In this approach  , documents or tweets are scored by the likelihood the query was generated by the document's model. The problem of finding global density parameters has also been observed by Ankerst et al. For the importance of time in repeat consumption  , we show that the situation is complex. Ideally  , this function will be monotonic with discrepancy in the joint angle space. 33  proposed an optimization strategy for query expansion methods that are based on term similarities such as those computed based on WordNet.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. We now see that the confusion side helps to eliminate one of the peaks in the orientation estimate and the spatial likelihood function has helped the estimate converge to an accurate value. In the current version of IRO-DB  , the query optimizer applies simple heuristics to detach subqueries that are sent to the participating systems. Static shared dataflows We first show how NiagaraCQ's static shared plans are imprecise. One of the most well-known approaches within this group is support vector machine active learning developed by Tong and Koller 31. Learning RFG is to estimate the remaining free parameters θ  , which maximizes the log-likelihood objective function Oθ. During the E-step we compute the expectations for latent variable assignments using parameter values from the previous iteration and in the M-step  , given the expected assignments we maximize the expected log complete likelihood with respect to the model parameters. At every region knowledge wurces are act ivatad consecutively completing alternative query evaluation plans. Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. In this paper we present a general framework to model optimization queries. While classifiers differ  , we believe our results enable qualitative conclusions about the machine predictability of tags for state of the art text classifiers. Operating in the log-likelihood domain allows us to fit the peak with a second-order polynomial. Besides the random projections of generating binary code methods  , several machine learning methods are developed recently. We address this problem with a dynamic annealing approach that adjusts measurement model entropy as a function of the normalized likelihood of the most recent measurements . Many researchers have investigated the use of statistics for query optimization  , especially for estimating the selectivity of single-column predicates using histograms PC84  , PIH+96  , HS95 and for estimating join sizes Gel93  , IC91  , SS94 using parametric methods Chr83  , Lyn88 . The main concerns were directed at the unique operations: inclusive query planning and query optimization. We take a multi-phase optimization approach to cope with the complexity of parallel multijoin query optimization. The consolidated stoppage points are subsequently clustered using a modified DBSCAN technique to get the identified truck stops. Query queries  , we have developed an optimization that precomputes bounds. That is  , any query optimization paradig plugged-in. where both parameters µ and Σ can be estimated using the simple maximum-likelihood estimators for each frame. There is currently no optimization performed across query blocks belonging to different E-ADTs . The coefficients co and cl are estimated through the maximization of a likelihood function L  , built in the usual fashion   , i.e. Given the training data  , we maximize the regularized log-likelihood function of the training data with respect to the model  , and then obtain the parameterˆλparameterˆ parameterˆλ. Our technique takes as input a program  , a set of successful positive testcases that encode required program behavior  , and a failing negative testcase that demonstrates a defect. From this point the top N candidates are passed to COGEX to re-rank the candidates based on how well the question is entailed by the given candidate answer. Multi-query optimization is a technique working at query compilation phase. The likelihood function formed by assuming independence over the observations: That is  , the coefficients that make our observed results most " likely " are selected. Thus the likelihood function of appearance model 1 Appearance Model: Similar to 4  , 10   , the appearance model consists of three components S  , W  , F   , where S component captures temporally stable images  , W component characterizes the two-frame variations  , F component is a fixed template of the target to prevent the model from drifting over time. Since log L is a strictly increasing function  , the parameters of Θ which maximize log-likelihood of log L also maximize the likelihood L 31. The simplex attempts to walk downhill by replacing the 3741 vertex associated with the highest error by a better point. For example   , the approach presented in 5 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. Thus  , optimization may reduce the space requirements to Se114 of the nonoptimized case  , where Se1 is the selectivity factor of the query. In comparison with the entropy-based LSH method  , multi-probe LSH reduces the space requirement by a factor of 5 to 8 and uses less query time  , while achieving the same search quality. Surprisingly  , our simple rule based heuristic performed better than a support vector machine. We also show results that demonstrate the advantages of our approach over support vector machine based models. GP maintains a population of individual programs. When experimented with the synthetic data and real-world data  , the proposed method makes a good inference of the parameters  , in terms of relative error. Additionally it can be used to perform other tasks such as query optimization in a distributed environment. When existing access structures give only partial support for an operation  , then dynamic optimization must be done to use the structures wisely. It complements the conventional query optimization phase. In the test stage  , we use 2000 random samples as queries and the rest samples as the database set to evaluate the retrieval performance. Heuristics-based optimization techniques include exploiting syntactic and structural variations of triple patterns in a query 27  , and rewriting a query using algebraic optimization techniques 12 and transformation rules 15 . Genetic programming GP is a computational method inspired by biological evolution  , which discovers computer programs tailored to a particular task 19. First we conduct experiments to compare the query performance using V ERT G without optimization  , with Optimization 1 and with Optimization 2. The method normalizes retrieval scores to probabilities of relevance prels  , enabling the the optimization of K by thresholding on prel. In order to compare to DBSCAN  , we only use the number of points here since DBSCAN can only cluster points according to their spatial location. The Epoq approach to extensible query optimization allows extension of the collection of control strategies that can be used when optimizing a query 14. This figure shows a sensor scan dots at the outside  , along with the likelihood function grayly shaded area: the darker a region  , the smaller the likelihood of observing an obstacle. Maximizing the margin enhances the generalization capability of a support vector machine 16. Using the observation model and the likelihood function discussed in section II  , we formulate  , when N O = 1: To compute this number  , we first must be able to computê N H e r k |h i   , as the expected number of remaining hypotheses if the robot moves to e r k given that h i is the true position hypothesis. Instead of generating perturbed queries  , our method computes a non-overlapped bucket sequence  , according to the probability of containing similar objects. For example  , if our beers/drinkers/bars schema had " beers " as a top level node  , instead of being as a child node of Drinkers  , then the same query would had been obtained without the reduction optimization. Treating V r as required nodes  , V s as steiner nodes  , and the log-likelihood function as the weight function  , WPCT sp approximately computes an undirected minimum steiner tree T . When a document d and a query q are given  , the ranking function 1 is the posterior probability that the document multinomial language model generated query5. However  , we choose to keep this factor because it helps to provide a meaningful interpretation of the scores as a relative change in the likelihood and allows the document scores to be more comparable across different topics. 4.9  , DJ already maintains the minimal value of all primary keys in its own internal statistics for query optimization. Mid-query re-optimization  , progressive optimization  , and proactive re-optimization instead initially optimize the entire plan; they monitor the intermediate result sizes during query execution  , and re-optimize only if results diverge from the original estimates. DBSCAN parameters were set to match the expected point density of the bucket surface. Query optimization is a major issue in federated database systems. The re-ranking function is able to promote one question related to RAW files  , which is not included in the candidate question set retrieved by query likelihood model. DBSCAN has two parameters: Eps and MinPts. LSH is a promising method for approximate K-NN search in high dimensional spaces. Segmentations to piecewise constant functions were done with the greedy top-down method  , and the error function was the sum of squared errors which is proportional to log-likelihood function with normal noise. p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , it also improves query execution efficiency since it makes it possible for optimizers to always run at their highest optimization level as the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. There has been a lot of work in multi-query optimization for MV advisors and rewrite. The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. Then we run another three sets of experiments for MV-DNN. The major contribution of this paper is an extension of SA called Toured Simulated Annealing TSA  , to better deal with parallel query optimization. Supervised batch learning approaches for learning such classifiers must rely on large amounts of labeled data to achieve a high accuracy. Based on the plaintext collection  , our ARRANGER engine  , a Genetic Programming GP based ranking function discovery system  , is used to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for the topic distillation task. Compared to the global re-optimization of query plans  , our inspection approach can be regarded as a complementary   , local optimization technique inside the hash join operator. The purpose of this example is not to define new optimization heuristics or propose new optimization strategies. In our case this is computationally intractable; the partition function Zz sums over the very large space of all hidden variables. One category of research issues deals with mechanisms to exploit interactions between relational query optimization and E-ADT query optimization. It also summarizes related work on query optimization particularly focusing on the join ordering problem. the resulting query plan can be cached and re-used exactly the way conventional query plans are cached. To get a weighting function representing the likelihood An exemplary segmentation result obtained by applying this saturation feature to real data is shown in figure 3b. In 22   , a scheme for utilizing semantic integrity constraints in query optimization  , using a graph theoretic approach  , is presented. The learned parameter can be then used to estimate the relevance probability P s|q k  for any particular aspect of a new user query. The mathematical problem formulation is given in Section 3. The system uses a threshold policy to present the top 10 users corresponding to contexts similar above θ = 0.65  , a value determined empirically to best balance the tradeoff between relevance  , and the likelihood of seeing someone else as we go on to describe in following sections. A standard way of deriving a confidence is to compute the second derivative of the log likelihood function at the MAP solution. Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. Furthermore  , a method for utilising the HSS as the basis for Support-Vector Machine person recognition was detailed. The resulting point cloud is a smooth continuous surface with all outliers removed. The solution to this problem also has applications in " traditional " query optimization MA83 ,UL82. This also implies that for a QTree this optimization can be used only once. As our time and human resources were limited for taking two tasks simultaneously  , in this task we only concentrate on testing our ranking function discovery technique  , ARRANGER Automatic Rendering of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming Fan 2003a  , Fan 2003b  , which uses Genetic Programming GP to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for various information needs. For the purposes of discussion  , we consider a standard additive model Zt = Zt + Et to capture this noise and define our likelihood function as the product of terms Such artifacts may be considered a form of topological noise. The results of fitting the heteroscedastic model in the data can be viewed below  , > summarylme2 Apart from the random and fixed effects section  , there is a Variance function section. Thus the system has to perform plan migration after the query optimization. For traditional relational databases  , multiplequery optimization 23 seeks to exhaustively find an optimal shared query plan. We present an approach where potential target mentions of an SE are ranked using supervised machine learning Support Vector Machines where the main features are the syntactic configurations typed dependency paths connecting the SE and the mention. However  , there may be applications where this assumption does not hold  , i.e. Further  , we also improve on their solution. Scientific data is commonly represented as a mesh. Over all of the queries in our experiments the average optimization time was approximately 1/2 second. A likelihood function is constructed assuming a parameter set  , generating a pdf for each sample based on those parameters  , then multiplying all these pdf's together. Except for the LSH and KLSH method which do not need training samples  , for the unsupervised methods i.e. The general idea used in the paper is to create regularization for the graph with the assumption that the likelihood of two nodes to be in the same class can be estimated using annotations of the edge linking the two nodes. Query optimization is carried out on an algebraic  , query-language level rather than  , say  , on some form of derived automata. K to approximate the result of DBSCAN.  For non-recursive data  , DTD-based optimizations can remove all DupElim and hash-based operators. We divide the optimization task into the following three phases: 1 generating an optimized query tree  , 2 allocating query operators in the query tree to machines  , and 3 choosing pipelined execution methods. In this section we present an overview of transformation based algebraic query optimization  , and show how the optimization of scientific computations fits into this framework. The work on diversification of search results has looked into similar objectives as ours where the likelihood of the user finding at least one result relevant in the result set forms the basis of the objective function. As mentioned earlier  , a 3D-NDT model can be viewed as a probability density function  , signifying the likelihood of observing a point in space  , belonging to an object surface as in 4 Instead of maximizing the likelihood of a discrete set of points M as in the previous subsection   , the registration problem is interpreted as minimizing the distance between two 3D-NDT models M N DT F and M N DT M.