, id-r for some mapping function G. yet to be defined. We remove proper nouns because we observed that if a particular proper noun occurs in a news article and a reader comment frequently  , then the cosine similarity score will be high  , but the actual content of the comment and the news article might not be similar. DB2 Information Integrator deploys cost-based query optimization to select a low cost global query plan to execute . We note that for every fixed query a node assignment requiring no calls to updateP ath always exists: simply label the nodes in order discovered by running breadth-first search from s. However  , there is no universally optimal assignment — different queries yield different optimum assignments. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: As the crawl progresses  , the quality of the downloaded pages deteriorates. For any point in I-space  , there is a unique corresponding arm endpoint position in W-space. Thus  , mapping an entity to a suboptimal random coordinate affects the spatial deviation of more blocks in DBPedia than in BTC09. Several plans are identified and the optimal plan is selected. , in terms of purity and precision. -The optimizer can use the broad body of knowledge developed for the optimization of relational calculus and relational algebra queries see  JaKo85  for a survey and further literature. When the hand system grasps the peg for the compliance center 0 1 of Figure 4   , this is identical to combine the two cases of Figures 2If the compliance center is moved to the point 0 2   , the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y1 in 6 changes into negative  , and the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y2 in 11 changes into negative . Many provide limited transaction facilities e.g. At query optimization time  , the set of candidate indexes desirable for the query are recorded by augmenting the execution plan. This capability is crucial for many different data management tasks such as data modeling   , data integration  , query formulation  , query optimization  , and indexing. , clicked content redundancy and click distance  , are completely discarded. The results of the Mapping stage are sufficiently random so that more space-expensive approaches are unnecessary . Since the worklist is now empty  , we have completed the query and return the best point. Breaking the Optimization Task. This reduced breadth of access is further evidence for the goaldriven behaviour seen in search. Query optimization derives a strategy for transmitting and joining these relations in order to minimize query total time or query response time. Essentially  , an interface to a bi-directional weakly connected graph that is transparently generated as the programmer works. Instead we provide a few examples to illustrate the mapping. This phenomenon is extremely important to explore the semantic relevance when the label information is unknown. But that comes with the condition of a context-dependent quality and relevance of established associations i.e. These strategies typically optimize properties such as " deeper paths " in depth-first search  , " less-traveled paths " 35  , " number of new instructions covered " in breadth-first search  , or " paths specified by the programmer " 39. Therefore  , it can be computed off-line and used as a look-up table  , forming the following pseudo-code: The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. Concerning query optimization  , existing approaches  , such as predicate pushdown U1188 and pullup HS93  , He194  , early and late aggregation c.f. We tested the viability of machine learning attacks by implementing a support vector machine. According to this strategy  , fields in records are encoded using feature vectors that are used to train a binary support vector machine classifier. Combinations of latent semantic models. Some optimization techniques were designed  , but not all of them were implemented . Therefore  , a static optimizer should reverse the triple patterns. The basic idea is to produce an accurate ranking function by combining many " weak " learners. Consider a two class classification problem. On the other hand data is exposed through human or device-based sensors  , it is then crucial that real-time semantic conversion can be supported. In Tables 8 and 9 we do not see any improvement in preclslon at low recall as the optimization becomes more aggressive. The top layer consists of the optimizer/query compiler component. On the other hand  , more sophisticated query optimization and fusion techniques are required. Hence  , the scatter plot can show  , among others  , documents referring to both the topic " Semantic Desktop " and one or more persons who are of specific interest to the users documents plotted above both axes. In this demo  , we highlight the schema-based optimization SQO on one abstraction level. Recent academic work within the field of simultaneous control thus has emphasized alternative mapping paradigms. PropBank was manually annotated with verbargument structures. To build a global catalogue of a user's personal information space  , each file needs to have a unique and non-ambiguous mapping between a global namespace and its actual location. Clearly  , main memory graph implementations do not scale. , the impact factor of information source itself. Therefore  , it is important to locate interesting and meaningful relations and to rank them before presenting them to the user. In this section we present an overview of transformation based algebraic query optimization  , and show how the optimization of scientific computations fits into this framework. , in the case of reconnaissance . The SemSets model 6 utilizes the relevance of entities to automatically constructed categories semantic sets  , SemSets measured according to structural and textual similarity. These approaches build maps of an unknown space by selecting longterm goal points for each robot Other approaches focus more mapping I81 19. By mapping the quotes onto the same latent space  , our method also reveals how the systematic patterns of the media operate at a linguistic level. This histogram was established from a mapping from a 3D space to 2D ZXplane using the depth inforniation to represent the obstacles in the environment. There is currently no optimization performed across query blocks belonging to different E-ADTs . Such a peripherally graded pattern was first expressed as a conformal exponential mapping in 21. Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , PLASTIC also improves query execution efficiency because optimizers can now always run at their highest optimization level – the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. A novel architecture for query optimization based on a blackboard which is organized in successive regions has been devised. Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. 14 into an entity-based query interface and provides enhanced data independence   , accurate query semantics  , and highlevel query optimization 6 13. With such an approach  , no new execution operators are required  , and little new optimization or costing logic is needed. Statistics about the remote databases are collected and maintained at II for later use by the optimizer for costing query plans. But it lays in the nature of a curvated space to resist the attempt to simultaneously achieve these goals. Kc  , =  0 The initial values of joint stiffness matrix and joint torque in Figure 6are Query Language: An E-ADT can provide a query language with which expressions over values of/that E-ADT can be specified for example  , the relation E-ADT'may provide SQL as the query language  , and the sequence E-ADT may provide SEQinN. We apply a. liyclrodynamic potential field in the sensorimotor spa.ce to choose an action cf. The search can be performed in a breadth-first or depth-first manner  , starting with more general shorter sequences and extending them towards more specific longer ones. The resolvability ellip- soid 5 illustrates the directional nature of resolvability  , and can be used to direct camera motion and adjust camera intrinsic parameters in real-time so that the servoing accuracy of the visual servoing system improves with camera-lens motion. Based on the mapping  , the FMA is used to retrieve a list of anatomical entities that could possibly be detected in this body region. This happens because the space of possible one-to-n mappings is huge and it is possible to find many candidate mappings having similar i.e. A limitation of the case studies is that all the applications and components used were software developed by ABB Inc. involving .lib library files. The resulting operation  , called SIKC val*v ,R.k  , delivers and marks all non marked tuple ve&es connected to the value v by one edge valued by R.k. ×MUST generates the second smallest test suite containing the largest number of non-redundant tests and the smallest number of redundant tests Fig. In our case  , blocks are the items that are represented in the high-dimensional space of E or E 1 and E 2  through Block Mapping. Semantic hashing has been proposed for the problem to map data examples like documents in a high-dimensional space e.g. Fullyisotropic PWs presented in this paper give a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. portant drawbacks with lineage for information exchange and query optimization using views. It is the sort of crawl which might be used by a real .gov search service: breadth first  , stopped after the first million html pages and including the extracted plain text of an additional 250 ,000 non-html pages doc  , pdf and ps. On-line control command is calculated mapped from the learned lookup table with the on-line sampled new sensor signals. The following theorem concludes that we can further bound the marginal distributions of two domains by the mapping T . We tested two such scores for region combination pti  , oti  , viz. A more general definition of a pattern can involve mixed node types within one pattern  , but is beyond the scope of this paper. ; the maximal number of states between the initial state and another state when traversing the TS in breadth-first search BFS height; the number of transitions starting from a state and ending in another state with a lower level when traversing the TS in breadth-first search Back lvl tr. We deem query plan optimization an integral part of an efficient query evaluation. Que TwigS TwigStack/PRIX from 28  , 29 / ToXinScan vs. X that characterize the ce of an XML query optimizer that takes conjunction with two summary pruning ugmented with data r provides similar se of system catalog information in optimization strategy  ,   , which reduces space by identifying at contain the query a that suggest that  , can easily yield ude. This time  , however  , only the first primary descriptor assigned to the document was used  , assuming that this is the most important descriptor for the respective document. Using a realistic application  , we measure the impact of parallelism on the optimization cost and the op- timization/execution cost trade-off using several combinations of search space and search strategy. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as f Figure 1 . To give the optimizer more transformation choices  , relational query optimization techniques first expand all views referenced in a query and then apply cost-based optimization strategies on the fully expanded query 16 22 . In routing  , the system uses a query and a list of documents that have been identified as relevant or not relevant to construct a classification rule that ranks unlabeled documents according to their likelihood of relevance. , relation mapping  , the remaining relationships between concepts are mapped into the viewpoint model space. The use of the succ-tup and succ-val* primitives defines a traversal of the DBGraph following a breadth-first search EFS strategy Sedg84  , as follows : The transitive closure operation is performed by simply traversing links  , Furthermore testing the termination condition is greatly simplified by marking. Given a nominal part shape  , radius values of the center of mass and vertex uncertainty circles  , and maximum sensor noise  , they return a plan when they can find one and indicate failure otherwise. Using the semantic relevance values  , pictograms can be ranked from very relevant value close to 1 to not so relevant value close to 0. The obvious approach would be to assess the magnitude or amount of change. One for the flight vehicle information such as predicted pose and velocity provided by the INS  , RPM data and air speed data  , while the other bus handles the DDF information. 11. We believe that crawling in breadthfirst search order provides the better tradeoff. In the next step  , we would like to analyze the effect of usercontributed annotations and semantic linkage on the effectiveness of the map retrieval system. Space uses symbolic execution to extract the set of data exposures 25 from the source code of a Ruby on Rails application. A combination of these operators induces a breadth-first search traversal of the DBGraph. UFA98 describes orthogonal work to incorporate cost-based query optimization into query scrambling. In general  , any query adjustment has to be undertaken before any threshold setting  , as it aaects both ast1 and the scores of the judged documents  , all of which are used in threshold setting. Further  , we also improve on their solution. , 4  , 27. This allows the result of one query to be used in the next query. Unfortunately  , in general the planes do not match at the borders of the Voronoi-cells  , which may leave discontinuities in the overall mapping. There is a wide  , possibly infinite range of text features that can be designed to estimate the relevance of a candidate answer for the purpose of answer ranking. 3  , 9  both consider a single optimization technique using one type of schema constraint. The fixed keyframes are selected based on a common landmark. Because the expansion is breadth first  , the optimal trajectory will he the first one encountered that meets the desired uncertainty. 5 how to enrich the space representation of the topic with the conceptual semantics of words. Boci´cBoci´c and Bultan 3 and Near and Jackson 24 check Rails code  , but require the user to write a specification. But we find something interesting that though some topics overlap  , some smaller but more precise topics are discovered see the two " Biology " topics in Table 5. In this example   , the SQL optimizer is called on the outer query block  , and the SEQUIN optimizer operates on the nested query block. UC also includes a utility to scan a portion of the file system specified by the user. In this paper  , we investigate a novel approach to detect sentence level content reuse by mapping sentence to a signature space. Most of our results concern transaction equivalence and optimization. robot and obstacles 12. After h e calibration and knowing accurate joint angles of human hand fingers  , the joint space mapping is easy to fulfill. Semantic errors were reported to developers who quickly confirmed their relevance and took actions to correct them. The SCSF model is a further extension  , presented in Section 3.2.2. A recent study of Twitter as a whole  , gathered by breadth-first search  , collected 1.47 billion edges in total 13. The heterogeneous nature of the data and our approach to constructing semantic links between documents are what differentiate our work from traditional cluster-based retrieval. The transformation of pDatalog rules into XSLT is done once after the mapping rules are set up  , and can be performed completely automatically. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 2F shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. Here we use breadth-first search. We also calculated the semantic similarity of a new tweet with the tweets that were already sent to the users to minimize redundancy. Basically  , Support Vector Machine aim at searching for a hyperplane that separates the positive data points and the negative data points with maximum margin. is a mapping function and b i is a scalar. For example  , the first retrieved image in the first case is the 34th image retrieved by Euclidean distance. At query execution time  , when the actual parameter values are known  , an appropriate plan can be chosen from the set of candidates  , which can be much faster than reoptimizing the query. Due to space limitation  , the detailed results are ignored. 1 Thus  , how to represent both queries and documents in the same semantic space and explore their relevance based on the click logs  , remains a challenge. Since the position bias can be easily incorporated into click models with the depth-first assumption  , most existing click models 4  , 11  , 13 follow this assumption and assume that the user examines search results in a top-to-bottom fashion. By using and extending Pearson's method 15   , mapping tables containing only 128 characters are produced . If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as Figure 4shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. However  , best-first search also has some problems. The initial collection was created for day 1 using a Breadth-First crawl that retrieved MAX IN INDEX = 100  , 000 pages from the Web starting from the bookmark URLs. This is one of the most common techniques used for kinematically redundant systems. For example  , we can present a current situation and retrieve the next feasible situation through interpolation. We assume that by mapping only nouns to nouns  , verbs to verbs  , etc. The idea is to extract n numerical features from the objects of int ,erest  , mapping them into points in n-dimensional space. Experiments in 1  , 5 show that the LegoDB mapping engine is very effective in practice and can lead to reductions of over 50% in the running times of queries as compared to previous mapping techniques. Another group of approaches measure the classification uncertainty of a test example by how far the example is away from the classification boundary i.e. For assessing the confidence  , we devise several techniques  , based on perturbing the mention-entity space of the NED method. With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. , Dayal  , 19841 appears t ,o be ap plicahle to spatial query opt ,imizat.ion. Tweets and Profiles can be represented by word2vec knowledge base as follow , We have proposed a method named the Relevance-based Superimposition RS model to solve the semantic ambiguity problem in information retrieval. The conventional approach to query optimization is to pick a single efficient plan for a query  , based on statistical properties of the data along with other factors such as system conditions. Plume is a library of utility programs and data structures http://code.google. The latter three variables were based on the topic classifications defined in the ImageCLEF 2007 4  , 5 and allow us to investigate how the Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. , generating the configuration space obstacles Lozano-Perez 811. For each public user  , we first counted the number of protected mutual neighbours as well as the ratio of protected to all mutual neighbours. Space extracts the data exposures from an application using symbolic execution  , specializes the constraints on those exposures to the types of role-based access control using the mapping provided by the user  , and exports the specialized constraints to an Alloy specification. Our main conclusion is that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly decrease reliability. As shown in Table 4  , the proposed methods outperformed TF*IDF in terms of multiple metrics. In our approaches  , we propose four semantic features. One would need more data  , especially of control subjects to be able to state that automatic methods always significantly outperform human observers in clinical practice. To copy otherwire  , or to republish  , requires a fee and/or rpecial permirrion from Ihe Endowment. We introduce a typical use case in which an intelligent traffic management system must support coordinated access to a knowledge base for a large number of agents. This transformed state space is equivalent to the state space consisting of the deflection angles θ and ψ i with its timederivatives . The optimization problem can be solved by employing existing optimization techniques  , the computation details of which  , though tedious  , are rather standard and will not be presented here. One advantage of this is that the high dimensional representation  , e.g. Therefore  , we only describe a number of representative examples  , though others can be described in a similar way. It enables Semantic Search to provide richer results as the Semantic Web grows  , but also makes the system more susceptible to spam and irrelevant information. Similar to cluster-based retrieval  , we rank the verticals clusters based on their estimated relevance and ultimately select the top ranked verticals to choose items from. We have divided the full SLAM problem into a fast monocular image space tracking MIST on the MAV and a keyframe-based smoothing and mapping on the ground station. The trade-off between re-optimization and improved runtime must be weighed in order to be sure that reoptimization will result in improved query performance. In this paper  , we focus on ranking the results of complex relationship searches on the Semantic Web. For instance  , the top 20 retrieved documents have a mean relevance value of 4.2 upon 5  , versus 2.7 in the keyword search. The first is to visualize high-dimensional data in a high-dimensional space. Scans from a triangle of points in pose-space will project to a non-Euclidean triangle of points in eigenspace. Their methodology is based on mapping the underlying domain ontologies into views  , which facilitates view-based search. The control we present here is designed to support thii kind of extensibility. An architectural style specification  , omitted due to space limitation  , defines the co-domain of an architectural map. The results of the rating question on relevance suggested that users believed the returned sets were not always semantically relevant. Two nodes va  , v b are connected from va to v b if the corresponding element e ab ∈ E is greater than α. However  , according to 22 this may not be sufficient for more general and larger ontologies  , and thus  , the similarity should be a function of the attributes path length  , depth and local density. , 18  , 17 or topic model based retrieval models e.g. The question of how the relationship between the symbol and the referent is to be established has been identified in Artificial Intelligence Research as the " Symbol Grounding Problem " . This section contains the results of running several variations of the traversal portion of the 001 benchmark using the small benchmark database of 20 ,000 objects. In this method  , the optimal trajectories in the state space are grouped using the data obtained from cell mapping. We performed experiments to 1 validate our design choices in the physical implementation and 2 to determine whether algebraic optimization techniques could improve performance over more traditional solutions. Some tasks were performed to evaluate the mapping method. This can be considered as 100 lockable objects in the LIB-system  , or alternatively  , these 100 objects can be regarded as the highly active part of the CB-system catalog data  , access path data  , . , GGT96  , SMY90. During testing phase  , the texture fea­ ture extracted from the image will be classified by the support vector machine. When we increase the mean lifespan of tuples  , more tuples have longer lifespan. If the value library  , owners Lib  , Own appears  , the fee should be paid to both library and owners. The coordinate form representation of the latter is given by tlie n x n manipulator Jacobian matrix DecpO. Existing measures of indexing consistency are flawed because they ignore semantic relations between the terms that different indexers assign. We address these two issues by mapping the answer and question to a shared latent space and measure their similarity there. The first issue can be addressed with iSPARQL query optimization  , which we investigated in 2 ,22. Starting from this seed set  , we performed a breadth-first crawl traversing friendship links aiming to discover the largest connected component of the social graph. As a demonstration of the viability of the proposed methodology  , SKSs for a number of communities the Los Alamos National Laboratory's LANL Research Library http://lib-www.lanl.gov/. For each relation in a query  , we record one possible transmission between the relation and the site of every other relation in the query  , and an additional transmission to the query site. To retrieve better intention-conveying pictograms using a word query  , we proposed a semantic relevance measure which utilizes interpretation words and frequencies collected from a web survey. Comparing the running times we observe that MaxMiner is the best method for this type of data. The stress term of the objective function is inspired by multidimensional scaling MDS  , a classical method for dimensionality reduction 2. HiSbase realizes a scalable information economy 1 by building on advances in proven DHT-based P2P systems such as Chord 10 and Pastry 7   , as well as on achievements in P2P-based query pro- cessing 4. To address the issue of intolerance to false positives  , we consider only the top ten ranked method invocations reported in the diagnosis reports; the rest is ignored. In computer graphics  , for cxample  , an object model is defined with respect to a world coordinate system. The repair space is thus E ∪ S. We recall that a program state σ maps variables to values. Thus the Hough transform provides a one-to-one mapping of lines in the original space to points in the transform space. The third dimension is associated with whether or not the fragments are being precisely represented in the descriptor space. the input threshold. Generate the set of equivalent queries. This post optimizer kxamines the sequential query plan to see how to parallelize a gequential plan segment and estimates the overhead as welLas the response time reduction if this plan segment is executed in parallel. The sensor and the manipulation spaces are partitioned by considering the features of the images and the space of the DOF of the manipulator that is called the configuration space. In this paper we proposed a general framework for expressing and analyzing approximate predicates  , and we described how to construct alternate query plans that effectively use the approximate predicates. More recently  , a maximum margin method known as Struct Support Vector Machine SV M struct  19 was proposed to solve this problem. Hence  , LI Binary LIB can be computed by: 5 Hyponymy is the semantic relation in which the extension of a word is subsumed in the extension of another word e.g. The relationship between database intension and extension then is an injective mapping between two topological spaces. One category of research issues deals with mechanisms to exploit interactions between relational query optimization and E-ADT query optimization. The optimization techniques being currently implemented in our system are : the rewriting of the FT 0 words into RT o   , a generalization of query modification in order to minimize the number of transitions appearing in the query PCN  , the transformation of a set of database updates into an optimized one as SellisgS does  , and the " push-up " of the selections. Rather  , any and all newly discovered links are placed onto the crawl frontier to be downloaded when their turn comes. Surprisingly  , our simple rule based heuristic performed better than a support vector machine. Once it has been established that a high level path exists  , the lower level trajectory planning problem for each equivalence region node is to determine the trajectory which the cone must follow to reorient the part. In this paper we introduce one way of tackling this problem. However  , our study shows that fractal dimensions have promising properties and we believe that these dimensions are important as such. There are additional details that concern how to preserve the data structure which holds the mapping of disk pages to buffer pages. A lattice is defined over generated word sets for formulae  , and a breadth-first search starting from the query formula set is used to find similar formulae. Higher map resolution and better path usually mean more cells thus more space and longer planning time. A large majority of them are either provably or potentially unstable. Also  , we performed some teleoperation tasks to test modified fingertip position mapping method such as: grasping a litter cube block only with index finger and thumb; grasping a bulb and a table tennis ball with four fingers. Because it is difficult to build a feature space directly  , instead kernel functions are used to implicitly define the feature space. The proposed method uses a nullspace vector in the velocity mapping between the q-space and the u-space to guarantee the continuity in the joint velocities. For example  , using TopicInfo Corpus  , we may get the relevance between the tweet link and user's query while using Origin Corpus  , we can get the content relevance between the query and the tweet text. The compiled query plan is optimized using wellknown relational optimization techniques such as costing functions and histograms of data distributions. We have chosen to search the LUB-tree hierarchy in a breadth-first manner  , as opposed to a depth-first search as in Quinlan 24 . DB2 query optimizer has the' cost function in terms of resource consumption such as t.he CPU 'dime and I/O time. Space  , in contrast  , requires only that the programmer provide a simple object mapping. Moreover  , we need an approach that can be generalized to represent the queries and documents that have never been observed in the search logs. In contrast  , the definition of similarity in duplicate detection in early database research 1312 is very conservative  , which is mainly to find syntactically " almost-identical " documents. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: The reference can be obtained using the library pathname. Section 2 provides an overview of BP-Mon  , and Section 3 briefly describes the underlying formal model. Tioga will optimize by coalescing queries when coalescing is advantageous. We describe our evaluation below  , including the platform on which we ran our experiments  , the test collections and query sets used  , the performance measured. The possible worlds semantics  , originally put forward by Kripke for modal logics  , is commonly used for representing knowledge with uncertainties. In this case DARQ has few possibilities to improve performance by optimization. Query-performance predictors are used to evaluate the performance of permutations. It is designed to be used with formal query method and does not incorporate IR relevance measurements. -procedures for mapping sensory errors into positional/rotational errors e.g. These mapping matrices are calculated for a given coil arrangement by treating the coils as magnetic dipoles in space and are calibrated through workspace measurements as outlined in 11  , 10. where each element of I is current through each of the c coils  , B is a 3 × c matrix mapping these coil currents to the magnetic field vector B and B x   , B y   , B z are the 3 × c matrices mapping the coil currents to the magnetic field spatial gradients in the x  , y and z directions  , respectively. We show that our approach improves retrieval performance compared to vector space-based and generative language models  , mainly due to its ability to perform semantic matching 34. For example  , an article on Support Vector Machines might not mention the words machine learning explicitly  , since it is a specialized topic in the field of machine learning. Sophisticated optimization will be used to separate the original query inlo pieces targeted for individual data sources whose content and order of execution are optimal. Our results explain their finding by showing that relevant documents are found within a distance of 5 or are as likely to be found as non-relevant documents. It uses the ontology structure to determine the relevance of the candidate instances. because it is com- Differentiating tlie where D denotes the differential operator. each joint performance is bounded by +/-a maximum value; the ellipsoids are formulated using task space vectors that are not homogeneous from a dimensional viewpoint  , to take into account both translational and rotational performances; the weight matrices used to normalize do not provide unique results this problem had already been identified in 5. The query tree is then further optimized through view merging and subquery to join conversion and operator tree optimization. We have described GORDIAN  , a novel technique for efficiently identifying all composite keys in a dataset. The corresponding histogram is shown in Fig. When stock is reorganized  , the system must reconfigure its mapping of library space onto the subject headings. Any objects that are reached during the traversal are considered live and added to the tempLive set. The local internal schema consists of a logical schema  , storage schema  , level schema. Considering each mashup as a path  , we found that about 80% of 4100 existing mashup depth was no more than 3  , so we decided to make the depth level of the breadth-first-search be 3. However  , after a large number of Web pages are fetched  , breadth-first search starts to lose its focus and introduces a lot of noise into the final collection. The baseline approach builds a non-clustered index on each selection dimension and the rank mapping approach builds a multi-dimensional index for each ranking fragment. To our best knowledge  , the containment of nested XQuery has so far been studied only in 9  , 18  , and 10. can compare the resultant mapping with the original data set directly. In traditional approaches users provide manual assessments of relevance  , or semantic similarity. The mapping is straight-forward  , but space precludes us from explaining it in detail. Can we predict community acceptance ? This simple but extremely flexible prioritization scheme includes as a special case the simpler strategies of breadth-first search i.e. Here thrift-lib-w2-5t  , for example  , stands for the test case with 2 worker threads and 5 tasks per worker. If a plan is found it is guaranteed to be the shortest because of the nature of breadth first search and if the search fails to find any solution then no solution exists for the part. Hence  , this step extracts first the latent semantics of words under a topic  , and then incorporates these semantics into the topic's feature space. In the ARCOMEM project 22 first approaches have been investigated to implement a social and semantic driven selection model for Web and Social Web content. We choose to traverse the tree using depth-first search DFS. Meta query optimization. Normally the user cares "~. The remaining of this paper is structured as follows. In our research we focus on challenges that are presented by the growing use of on-line collections of digital items  , such as digitized text books  , audio books  , and video and mixed media content 1   , which require adequate browsing and search support. The goal of Knowledge Acquisition KA is to develop methods and tools that make the arduous task of capturing and validating an expert's knowledge as efficient and effective as possible. , that one can somehow use the underlying mapping hardware of virtual memory to make the array grow gracefully. The state of the art in multimedia indexing is based on feature extraction 30  , 161. For example  , pattern matching classes that encode multi- DoF motions 22 or force functions for each joint 9; or direct control within a reduced dimensionality space 14. It is clear that popularity of topics vary over time  , new topics emerge and some topics cease to exist. Our solution combines a data structure based on a partial lattice  , and memoization of intermediate solutions. A robotic system that has more than 6 dof degrees-of-freedom is termed as kinematically redundant system. This includes issues of persistent storage  , efficient reasoning  , data mediation  , scalability  , distribution of data  , fault tolerance and security. Given the entire collection of shots  , we obtained a list of all of the distinct terms that appear in the ASR for the collection. Because the task is a binary classification personal or organizational   , a support vector machine was used Chang and Lin 2011. The idea of using integrity constraints to optimize queries is not new. This way of sharing parameters allows the domains that do not have enough information to learn good mapping through other domains which have more data. We consider that this is due to a better consideration of this query particular pattern. , trρ = 1. Three runs were conducted  , one based on nouns  , one based on stylometric properties  , and one based on punctuation statistics. Example 2.2 select culture painting title : t  , Figure 5: Path-to-path Mappings pings save space by factorizing DTD similarities and allow semi-automatic mapping generation. , short query  , top 10 systems  , etc. The key idea in mapping to a higher space is that  , in a sufficiently high dimension  , data from two categories can always be separated by a hyper-plane. At running time we use the index to retrieve the paths whose sink node matches a keyword. Section 3 describes semantic relevance measure  , and categorization and weighting of interpretation words. These are topics of future research. 10 . The well-known kernel trick is difficult to be applied to 9  , while kernel trick is considered as one of the main benefits of the traditional support vector machine. , 2010  , by means of the Wavelet Transform  , obtains the audio signal in the time-frequency domain. In order to illustrate the interaction between metamodels   , a homomorphism  , and a set of mapping rules  , we examine portions of two rules from the formalization of UML with Promela. Therefore   , pages crawled using such a policy may not follow a uniform random distribution; the MSN Search crawler is biased towards well-connected  , important  , and " high-quality " pages. In our experiment  , we crawled 3 ,000 pages at each site. Second  , we present a new optimization called the control-aware optimization   , which can improve the efficiency of streaming code. Based on the findings from our evaluations  , we propose a hybrid approach that benefits from the strength of the graph-based approach in visualising the search space  , while attempting to balance the time and effort required during query formulation using a NL input feature. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: Example. This technique was proposed to mitigate the efficiency issue caused by operating a large index  , for that a smaller index loads faster  , occupies less disk space  , and has better query throughput. The DS1 and DS2 curves differ significantly: DS2 contains about twice as many documents which contain no popular shingles at all.  Query execution. In summary  , navigation profiles offer significant opportunities for optimization of query execution  , regardless of whether the XML view is defined by a standard or by the application. For OODAPLEX  , we had developed an algebra  , OOAlgebra   , as the target language for query compilation DAYA89 . On the other hand  , a damping is a mapping of the shape-velocity space TQ into its dual space T*Q. The estimated values were: 60 Allele  , 40 Expression  , 25 Gene Ontology and 25 Tumor. Using the enumeration tree as shown in Figure 2  , we can describe recent approaches to the problem of mining MFI. We used the same computer for all retrieval experiments. The set of all possible twists at a given position and orientation of a rigid body is the tangent space at that point; it is represented by the tangent space at the origin of a chosen reference frame. Guyon et at 10 used Support Vector Machine methods with Recursive Fea­ ture Elimination RFE for gene selection to achieve better classification performance. Research on query optimization for SPARQL includes query rewriting 9 or basic reordering of triple patterns based on their selectivity 10. Development of such query languages has prompted research on new query optimization methods  , e.g. Extensions to the model are considered in Section 5. For example  , the question string " Where is the Hudson River located ? " Optimization during query compilr tion assumes the entire buffer pool is available   , but in or&r to aid optimization at nmtime  , the query tree is divided into fragments. Since the PCM contains only obstacles in a fixed vicinity of the vehicle  , obstacles "enter" and "leave" the map gradually as the robot moves. ,2 ,4 has involved the inverse kinematics -the direct mapping from the workspace to the joint space -for kinematically redundant manipulators. We employ a mapping function f x = x+1/2 to bound the range of PCC similarities into 0  , 1. Two sources of relevance annotations were used for different runs: the official annotations   , provided by the topic authorities; and annotations provided by a member of the Melbourne team with e-discovery experience though not legal training. Concurrently  , the query feature vector is stored in the Query Cluster Database  , as a new cluster representative. Otherwise  , the planner identifies the set of " boundary conditions " for the search  , namely:  The search for a sequence of regrasp operations proceeds by forward chaining from the set of initial gpg triples performing an evaluated breadth-first search in the space of compatible gpg triples. Fre87  , GD87  , Loh88 made rule-based query optimization popular  , which was later adopted in the object-oriented context  , as e.g. These test beds comprise different media; however  , since the focus of most the projects spawning off the test beds was on technological aspects  , users and usage as well as the content play a minor role in most of these test beds. Table  IncludingPivot and Unpivot explicitly in the query language provides excellent opportunities for query optimization. It is worthwhile noting that other expansion methods such as breadth-first-search BFS would entirely ignore the bottleneck defining the community and rapidly mix with the entire graph before a significant fraction of vertices in the community have been reached. On the other hand  , the depth-first search methods e.g. The mapping between workspace and configuration space is straightforward: A point p in the workspace corresponds to the set of configurations in C which have p as their position. It uses a non-logic based textual similarity to discover services. Using the semantic relevance measure  , retrieval tasks were performed to evaluate the semantic relevance measure and the categorized and weighted pictogram retrieval approach. Projection heuristics provide an efficient method of projecting a learned sensorimotor mapping into the future to exploit affordances. Note that our optimization techniques will never generate an incorrect query — they will either not apply in which case we will generate the naive query or they will apply and will generate a query expected to be more efficient than the naive query. Our R-SOX system  , built with Raindrop 4  , 6  , 5 as its query engine kernel  , now can specify runtime schema refinements and perform a variety of runtime SQO strategies for query optimization. In the aforementioned methods it is assumed that the dataset is embedded into a higher-dimensional space by some smooth mapping. In this paper we describe the 3D Tractus-based robotic interface  , with its current use for controlling a group of robots composed of independent AIBO robot dogs and virtual software entities. The user can specm  , for example  , that WEIGHT =< WEIGHTtPREV. toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. Moreover  , our approach is effective for any join query and predicate combinations. Our approach utilizes categorized pictogram interpretations together with the semantic relevance measure to retrieve and rank relevant pictograms for a given interpretation . These terms can be obtained using KE techniques that identify mentions i.e. Instead of mapping both queries and documents to the kdimensional concept space via U T k and computing the cosine similarity there  , we may therefore as well transform the documents via the m × m matrix U k U T k   , and compute cosine similarities in the original term space. query optimization  , query rewriting  , views  , update. TTnfortllllat.ely  , query optimization of spatial data is different from that of heterogeneous databases because of the cost function. We introduce a new loss function that emphasizes certain query-document pairs for better optimization. Simply by assigning a priority to each alternative   , the DBC can determine the order of evaluation of invocations  , achieving flexible evaluation order  , one of our major objectives. On the other  , they are useful for query optimization via query rewriting. The architecture of our query optimizer is based on the Cascades framework 3  , which enables defining new relational operators and optimization rules for them. In this case  , the stiffness matrix in the operational space can be expressed as where i  K f  and ZG ,f denote the stiffness matrix in the fingertip space of the ith hand and the Jacobian matrix relating the fingertip space of the ith hand to the operational space  , respectively. A central goal of the music information retrieval community is to create systems that efficiently store and retrieve songs from large databases of musical content 7. On the other hand  , a highly relevant region in a web page may be obscured because of low overall relevance of that page. , YL94  , duplicate elimination removal PL94  , and DISTINCT pullup and pushdown  , should be applied to coalescing. Kacimi and Gamper propose a different opinion diversification framework for controversial queries 17  , 18 : three criteria are considered for diversification: topical relevance  , semantic diversification  , and sentiment diversification. Any evaluation of an unsafe optimization technique requmes measuring the execution speeds of the base and optimized systems  , as well as assessing the impact of the optimization technique on the system's retrieval effectiveness. These are very significant challenges  , especially for transportable systems which are based on theoretical idealizations of language  , not the kind of slop that real users use. As discussed in 21  , the measure is easily extendable to other visual sensors including multi-baseline stereo and laser rangefinders. the resulting query plan can be cached and re-used exactly the way conventional query plans are cached. We wanted to determine whether it was possible to automatically induce a hierarchical tag structure that corresponded to the way in which a human would perform this task. While a tight as possible mapping uses the reach space of the robot hand optimally   , it may nevertheless occur that  , since the human finger's workspace can only be determined approximately   , some grasps may lead to finger tip positions which lie outside reach space of the artificial hand. As mentioned before  , our semantic topic compass framework relies on incorporating the semantics of words into the feature space of the studied topic  , aiming at characterising the relevance and ambiguity of the these features. Then we attempt to learn a bridging mapping matrix  , M  , to map the hash codes from mpdimensional hamming space to mq-dimensional hamming space or vice versa  , by utilizing the cross-modal semantic correlation as provided by training data objects. The query optimization steps are described as transformation rules or rewriting rules 7. In addition to increased click through rate CTR due to increased relevance  , a significant but harder to quantify benefit of the semantic-syntactic matching is that the resulting page has a unified feel and improves the user experience. The construction of the configuration space  , the control space  , the mapping between them and the haptic forces makes it possible to author and edit animations by manipulating trajectories in the control space. Heuristics-based optimization techniques generally work without any knowledge of the underlying data. We used the reference linking API to analyze D-Lib articles. We employ two well-known space-mapping techniques: the Hilbert space-filling curve 15 and iDistance 23. Thus we can benefit from the proposed query optimization techniques of Section 3 even if we do not have any stored kernels in the database. Unlike the uni-modal data ranking  , cross-modal ranking attempts to learn a similarity function f q  , d between a text query q and an image d according to a pre-defined ranking loss. That is where it hurts in parallel kinematics  , especially when one considers only the actuator positions for sensing: the mapping is neither bijective several solutions to the forward kinematic problem nor differentiable singularities of any type. Then E N i ,j  and W i ,j  are initialized Lines 2∼3. To detect deadlocks or paths to be folded we scan graph C with the BFS Breadth-First-Search algo­ rithm. By emphasizing the discriminative power specificity of a term  , LIB reduces weights of terms commonly shared by unrelated documents  , leading to fewer of these documents being grouped together smaller false positive and higher precision. To obtain an upper bound  , we classify the documents directly using bag-of-words features from the text  , which should perform better than transforming the text into a visualization. However  , unlike query optimization which must necessarily preserve query equivalence  , our techniques lead to mappings with better semantics  , and so do not preserve equivalence. Mapping with only stationary objects  , and localization using entire observations in which the dual sensor model of occupancy grids is applied for range readings from moving objects. , we counted the appearances of semantic concepts in the service collection and derived the probabilities from this observation. The mapping provided by the user translates between the RBAC objects constrained by the pattern catalog and the resource types defined in the application code. 5. The above equation does not include joint friction. This type of optimization does not require a strong DataGuide and was in fact suggested by NUWC97. Determining manipulability polytope requires the mapping of an n-dimensional polytope Q in joint space to an m-dimensional polytope P in task space by the transformation P = AQ with n > m. It is known that one part of the hypercube vertices becomes final zonotope vertices5  while the remainder become internal points of P . Borrowing from past studies on demographic inference   , three types of features were used for distinguishing between account types: 1 post content features  , 2 stylistic features  , how the information is presented  , and 3 structural and behavioral features based on how the account interacts with others. Traditional information retrieval systems have focused on mapping a well-articulated query onto an existing information space 4  , 43. CHS99  proposes least expected cost query optimization which takes distribution of the parameter values as its input and generates a plan that is expected to perform well when each parameter takes a value from its distribution at run-time. The hierarchy nodes may be accessed more than once  , so they must be stored in separate locations. Indeed  , mapping technology itself—including the prior technology of the printed map— privileges a particular cognitive perspective 9. In particular  , we may be able to estimate the cost of a query Q for an atomic configuration C by using the cost of the query for a " simpler " configuration C'. In particular  , Pex flips some branching points from previous runs to generate test inputs for covering new paths. In many cases  , this mapping is obvious a resource named " User " in the application   , for example  , almost always represents RBAC users  , but in general it is not possible to infer the mapping directly. On the contrary  , HTML tags and other features such as keywords can be used in order to infer the relevance of changes. Typically  , the optimization finishes within 30 iterations. So uncertainty can be represented as a sphere in a six dimensional space. In the above definition  , it is equivalent to compute the traditional skyline  , having transformed all points in the new data space where point q is the origin and the absolute distances to q are used as mapping functions. These training instances are represented in terms of their transformed feature vectors in the kernel space. Note  , that this phrase also includes function words  , etc. For each language pair  , two different kinds of semantic indexing were used. The resulting dynamical model is described by fewer equations in the u-space. Additional documents are then retrieved by following the edges from the starting point in the order of a breadth first search. If only multidimensional points are supported  , as in the k-d-B-tree 27  , mapping an interval  , value pair to a triplet consisting of lower bound  , upper bound  , and value allows the intervals to be represented by points in threedimensional space. The pictograms listed here are the relevant pictogram set of the given word; 3 QUERY MATCH RATIO > 0.5 lists all pictograms having the query as interpretation word with ratio greater than 0.5; 4 SR WITHOUT CATEGORY uses not-categorized interpretations to calculate the semantic relevance value; 5 SR WITH CATEGORY & NOT- WEIGHTED uses categorized interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram; 6 SR WITH CATEGORY & WEIGHTED uses categorized and weighted interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. TermWatch maps domain terms onto a 2D space using a domain mapping methodology described in SanJuan & Ibekwe-SanJuan 2006. Conventional contextual advertising primarily matches ads to web pages based on categories or prominent keywords which are regarded as semantic meaning. We assume that a breadth-first search is performed over these top ranked invocations. we consider all possible combinations of resolutions for these toponyms  , this results in about 3·10 17 possibilities  , an astonishingly large number for this relatively small portion of text  , which is far too many to check in a reasonable time. Our J-Sim experiments build the OU T data structure from Figure 4 and write it to a file only for the first version  , and load the information for unmodified transitions from the file to the IN data structure for each subsequent version. If the mapping from problem descriptions to programs is to be rich enough to generate a sufficiently wide variety of programs  , ambiguity is an unavoidable consequence  , i.e. Enhanced query optimizers have to take conditional coalescing rules into consideration as well. The robot learns a sensorimotor mapping and affordance categorizations or proto-symbols and uses the mapping for primitive navigation to exploit affordances. These services organize procedures into a subsystem hierarchy  , by hierarchical agglomerative cluster- ing. A solution for visualizing icon-based cluster content summaries combined with graph layouts can be found in 8 from the information visualization research field. Thus  , mapping reliable memory directly into the database address space does not significantly lower reliability. the mapping from the stereotyped association to ModelElements that can reify the association can be defined formally with OCL 23 and thus allow automatically checking whether a given UML model is an instance of a given pattern. In practice four to six iterations are sufficient to achieve a heading space resolution of less than one degree. The goal in IR is to determine  , for a given user query  , the relevant documents in a text collection  , ranking them according to their relevance degree for the query. From the previous work on active learning 7 18  , measurement of uncertainty has played an important role in selecting the most valuable examples from a pool of unlabeled data. Section 6 compares query optimization strategies  , transformationfree with SA and II. Most approaches increase efficiency by dividing large multi-robot problems into several smaller single-robot tasks. Since an adversary can no longer simulate a one-to-n item mapping by a one-to-one item mapping  , in general  , we can fully utilize the search space of a one-to-n item mapping to increase the cost of attack and prevent the adversary to easily guess the correct mapping. Within these triangles  , users were asked to compare the three systems by plotting a point closest to the best performing system  , and furthest from the worst. Each behavior is encoded as a fuzzy rule-base with a distinct mobile robot control policy governed by fuzzy inference. As an example  , Onbook  , table holds iff the book is actually on the table. The information bases under the other mappings show the same general trend. A well equipped and powerful system should be able to compare the content of the abstracts regarding their semantics  , i.e. The second component of the visual mapping is brightness . The importance measurement was used to order the display of regions for single column display. A few proposals exist for evaluating transitive closures in distributed database systems 1 ,9 ,22 . Finally  , our focus is on static query optimization techniques. To reduce execution costs we introduced basic query optimization for SPARQL queries. We aim to derive a mapping Ψ : X → V that projects the input features into a K-dimensional latent space. The default resolution of symbols is to routines in the library itself. For this query and many others  , such a finding guarantees that the query result is empty. As described by Heck- bert Hec86   , the traditional graphical texturing problem comprises mapping a defined texture from some convenient space called the texture-space   , to the screen-space. for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. com/p/plume-lib/  , downloaded on Feb. 3  , 2010. As discussed in t ,he Introductioii  , well known concepts for manipulability mea.sures of robotic structure are the so-called velocity and force maiiipulability el- lipsoids  , 12. 13; however  , since most users are interested in the top-ranking documents only  , additional work may be necessary in order to modify the query optimization step accordingly. For this purpose; we extended randomized strategies for parallel optimization  , and demonstrated their effectiveness. Four popular visual descriptors  , tiny image  , color histogram  , GIST 6  , and CEDD 7  , and topic representation of user annotations 8 are extracted to represent the images in compact feature space. Second  , the L p -norm distance form of the above model reflects the coverage of keywords  , and p ≥ 1 controls the strength of ANDsemantics among keywords. The sequence of retrieved documents displayed to the user is ordered by the number of edges from the entry point document. Many classical visualization techniques are based on dimensionality reduction  , i.e. For homogeneous robots  , it is the mapping From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. We would like to develop a formal basis for query optimization for data models which are based on bags. Information Retrieval typically measures the relevance of documents to a query based on word similarity. This is exactly the concept of Coarse-Grained Optimization CGO. The window around a boredom event was classified as 30 frames prior to the boredom rating and 90 frames after. 15 only considers numeric attributes and selection on a single relation  , while our method needs to handle arbitrary attributes and multiple relations. These quality measures were derived by observing the workflow of a domain expert using the example of but not limited to the field of chemistry. A modular arrangement of optimization methods makes it possible to add  , delete and modify individual methods  , without affecting the rest. The method is based on: i a semantic relevance function acting as a kernel to discover the semantic affinities of heterogeneous information items  , and ii an asymmetric vector projection model on which semantic dependency graphs among information items are built and representative elements of these graphs can be selected. We do not generate target motions for the double support phase  , since it is relatively short and there is not much freedom in the motion since both feet remains at their positions. Subsequently  , Colde and Graefe 8 proposed a new query optimization model which constructs dynamic plans at compile-time and delays some of the query optimization until run-time. Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . And a tag-tag visual similarity matrix is formulated by the propagated tag relevance from trustable images in Section 2.2. The topics are categorised into a number of different categories  , including: easy/hard topic " difficulty "   , semantic/visual topic " visuality "   , and geographic/general 4. The relevance assessments are determined manually for the whole dataset  , unlike in some other datasets proposed for semantic search evaluation  , such as the Semantic Search Workshop data 9   , where the relevance assessments were determined by assessing relevance for documents pooled form 100 top results from each of the participating systems  , queries were very short  , and in text format. If the target community exists for the seed set  , then according to 6  , this target community would serve as a bottleneck for the probability to be spread out. The skill mapping SM gives the relation between the desired object trajectory This skill mapping SM maps from the 6-dimensional object position and orientation space to the 3n- dimensional contact point space. Lib instances. In order to follow the edges in one direction in time  , we treat the edges between topic nodes as directed edges. Instead of calculating the document scores in the latent topic space  , we can use the mapping to extract related query terms from the topic space and use an inverted index to calculate the document scores in a faster time. While the scores produced by latent semantic models have demonstrated a strong correlation with document relevance  , they are just the " tip of the iceberg " in capturing the relation between a query and document. We tried training a support vector machine to predict the category labels of the snippets. Histograms of element occurrences  , attribute occurrences  , and their corresponding value occurrences aid in query optimization. But the hash codes of images generated by baseline methods still show little relevance to their topics. In Section 6 we briefly survey the prior work that our system builds upon. The second tool  , Meta Spider  , has similar functionalities as the CI Spider  , but instead of performing breadth-first search on a particular website  , connects to different search engines on the Internet and integrates the results. Resolve ties by choosing fragment that has the greater number of queries. Bound the marginal distributions in latent space In the previous section  , we have discussed how the marginal distribution difference can be bounded in the space W . Vector construction. We choose the appropriate face vector field and cell vector field for the two cases as described in Section IV. In the current work we adopt a centroid-based representation  , where every dimension v i ,j corresponds to the distance between the contour point s i ,j and the contour's mass center. More importantly  , multi-query optimization can provide not only data sharing but also common computation sharing. What happens when considering complex queries ? We believe that addressing the navigation problem in a hyper-environment is challenging but feasible  , because semantic annotations provide machines with the ability to access what readers normally consider shared contextual information together with the information which is hidden in the resource. Current proposals for XML query languages lack most IR-related features  , which are weighting and ranking  , relevance-oriented search  , datatypes with vague predicates  , and semantic relativism. However  , their optimization method is based on Eq. Some studies that use suffix arrays SAs for document classification have been proposed. , result merging  , where best performing systems in selected categories e.g. We address this problem by implementing feature hashing 28 on the space of matrix elements. Once the semantic relevance values were calculated  , the pictograms were ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the major category. The sensorless planner uses breadth-first search to find sensorless orienting plans. An analogous approach has been used in the past to evaluate similarity search  , but relying on only the hierarchical ODP structure as a proxy for semantic similarity 7  , 16. One is based on algebraic simplification of a query and compilr tinlc> heuristics. The polar histogram is a suitable mapping from grid space to the histogram bins for holonomic vehicles with unconstrained steering directions. Some of the issues to consider are: isolation levels repeatable read  , dirty read  , cursor stability  , access path selection table scan  , index scan  , index AND/ORing MHWC90  , Commit_LSN optimization Mohan90b  , locking granularity record  , page  , table  , and high concurrency as a query optimization criterion. A specific form of the ho­ mography is derived and decomposed to interpolate a unique path. Inferred secondary orderings or groupings can be used to infer new primary orderings or groupings. The results of the experiment are summarized in Figure 4. Most importantly  , the manipulability definitions are independent of the choice of parametrization for these two spaces  , as well as the kinematic mapping. De Raedt et al. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS I am grateful to my supervisor Kalervo J~velin  , and to the FIRE group: Heikki Keskustalo  , Jaana Kekiilainen  , and others. Today  , Web Crawling is the standard method for retrieving and refreshing document collections 8 within WMSs as opposed to searching  , see 12. Additionally  , potential clusters are maximally S-connected  , i.e. , there is a D-dimensional intents vector for each query. This inference is specific to data types– For some types  , it is straightforward  , while others  , it is not. Suppose we can infer that a query subexpression is guaranteed to be symmetric. However  , deciding whether a given index is eligible to evaluate a specific query predicate is much harder for XML indexes than for relational indexes. Spatial databases have numerous applications  , including geographic information systems  , medical image databases ACF+94   , multimedia databases after extracting n features from each object  , and mapping it into a point in n-d space Jaggl  , FRM94  , as well as traditional databases  , where each record with n attributes can be considered as a point in n-dimensional space Giit94. The notation is summarized in Integrated Semantic Query Optimization ISQO: This is the problem of searching the space of all possible query execution plans for all the semantically equivalent queries  , hut stopping the search when the total query evaluation time i.e. Since the function testme runs in an infinite loop  , the number of distinct feasible execution paths is infinite. Figure 4shows an example. The optimization of Equation 7 is related to set cover  , but not straightforwardly. Abstractly we view a program as a guarded-transition systems and analyze transition sequences. The next step is to choose a set of cuboids that can be computed concurrently within the memory constraints . In our case studies  , we compare each correspondence {x  , y} in A to a correspondence {x  , y } in a reference alignment R. We use the semantic distance between y and y as a relevance measure for the correspondence {x  , y}. This list is used by the predictor to perform a breadth first search of the possible concepts representing the input text. The need for optimizing methods in object bases has been motivated by GM88  , LD91. This resolved motion technique first determines the joint velocity using the pseudoinverse matrix  , and then incrementally determines the joint displacement; it thus transforms from workspace to joint space via joint velocity. The problem of sharing the work between multiple queries is not new. These valid ranges can be propagated through the entire query as described in SLR94. In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. Insertions into a plastic cochlea model have produced similar insertion forces and allowed us to identify cases of tip folding during PEA insertion. The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. If the edges of a lockdown graph are weighted by the number of images constituting the part of the segment between the two lockdown points or more appropriately  , the sub-nodes on which the two lockdown points lie  , choosing the smallest-sized cycle basis will reduce computational cost in computing HHT to a small extent. Then the model tries to learn a mapping from the image feature space to a joint space n R : Thus  , specific terms are useful to describe the relevance feature of a topic. A short time difference usually indicates the highly temporal relevance between the tweet and the query. An enumerative search strategy is first characterized by the choice of the next state to apply an action on  , performed by the setNextState method  , which determines in which way the states are investigated. Terms with long inverted lists will therefore be examined last since the query terms are sorted by decreasing query weight. Documents are retrieved by mapping q into the row document space of the term-document matrix  , A: In an experiment  , titles of 1000 PDF files were extracted with SciPlore Xtract. Pictogram in Table 1could be a candidate since it contains both words with a total ratio of 0.1. Section 5.2 will discuss this approach in details. However  , a plan that is optimal can still be chosen as a victim to be terminated and restarted  , 2 dynamic query re-optimization techniques do not typically constrain the number of intermediate results to save and reuse  , and 3 queries are typically reoptimized by invoking the query optimizer with updated information. The control space is defined by the degrees of freedom of our haptic device  , the Phantom. The remaining columns show the performance of each method  , including the number of interleavings tested and the run time in seconds. Indeed  , while the contribution of stop-words  , such as determiners and modals  , can be largely ignored  , unmatched named entities are strong indicators of semantic differences between the query and the document. This mapping is defined as φ : X → F   , where X is the original space  , and F is the feature space. The introduction of an ER schema for the database improves the optimization that can be performed on GraphLog queries for example  , by exploiting functional dependencies as suggested in 25  , This means that the engineer can concentrate on the correct formulation of the query and rely on automatic optimization techniques to make it execute efficiently. We used two kinds semantic score to evaluate the relevance between tweets and profiles as follow  ,  The semantic score c i is recorded simultaneously . In fact  , V represents the query-intent relationships  , i.e. For each data item in the compressed data  , a backward mapping is necessary to discover the coordinates of the original space  , so that a new position can be computed corresponding to the new requdsted space. The data set representation that is used is horizontal 2  , vertical 35  , or based on a prefix tree 22. Secondly  , relational algebra allows one to reason about query execution and optimization. the set of positions and orientations that the robot tool can attain  , will be denoted by W = this section  , we show how the robot's task space can be mapped to the camera's visual feature space and then we will consider the mapping from the robot's configuration space to the visual feature space. Some semantic-relevance images that can not be found under the typical visual bag-of-words model were successfully retrieved. 4 showed that the lexical features of the query space and the Web document space are different  , and investigated the mapping between query words and the words in visited search results in order to perform query expansion. Daumé and Brill 5 extracted suggestions based on document clusters that have common top-ranked documents. To capture how likely item t is to be an instance of a semantic class  , we use features extracted from candidate lists. In terms of future research  , more work is needed to understand the interplay of coalescing and other temporal operators with respect to queSy optimization and evaluation. CombMNZ may be compared to a burden of proof  , gathering pieces of evidence: documents retrieved by several source IRSs are so many clues enforcing their presumption of relevance. The results also shows how our conservative local heuristic sharply reduces the overhead of optimization under varying distributions. the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. In our example  , the Semantic GrowBag uses statistical information to compute higher order co-occurrences of keywords. The translation and optimization proceeds in three steps. Word clouds and their ilk take an alternative approach. For example the word Bataclan  , referring to the Bataclan Theatre in Paris is commonly related to Entertainment  , however during the November 2015 terrorist attacks in France it became relevant to the Topic Violence. Once a goal state is reached we have a sequence of desired relative push angles which we know will uniquely reorient a part regardless of its initial orientation because that initial orientation must be in the range of The goal of the breadth first search then is to arrive at a current state p   , such that lpgl = 27r. AQuery builds on previous language and query optimization work to accomplish the following goals: 1. Furthermore  , the rules discovered can be used for querying database knowledge  , cooperative query answering and semantic query optimization. mi. We have provided several techniques for editing existing trajectories  , and as this is done the user can see the effect on the animation in real time. Our theory distinguishes between an object state space S and an information content space C. The object state space consists of all the possible states that objects representing information might assume  , and the information space contains the information content representable in the object state space. DB2 has separate parsers for SQL and XQuery statements   , but uses a single integrated query compiler for both languages. 5.3. In this section  , we discuss our development of predicate mapper  , which realizes the type-based search-driven mapping machinery. To handle this sort of problem  , space-filling curves as Z-order or Hilbert curves  , for instance  , have been successfully engaged for multi-dimensional indexing in recent years 24 . Because we use our model to simulate the simple combination method  , the queries for simple combination method are actually also sent to the semantic search service we developed to get the results. TU The TU benchmark contains both English and Dutch textual evidence. To this end we use a semantic metric that given a pair of words or phrases returns a normalized score reflecting the degree to which their meanings are related. Ten years later  , the search landscape has greatly evolved. Metalinks represent relationships among topics not sources; i.e. The crawling was executed via a distributed breadth first search. Those benefits are limited  , as in any other software technology  , by theoretical results. Some of the papers on query evaluation mentioned in section 4.2 consider this problem. How to measure the similarity of events or road condition ? Our method does not require supervised relevance judgments and is able to learn from raw textual evidence and document-candidate associations alone. We detail our semantic modeling approach in In Section 3  , we review conventional IR methods in order to display the basic underlying concepts of determining text relevance. of the file or log false information in it—Lib creates an instance of Priv and passes it to doPrivileged  , the Java privilege-asserting API 6  , which modifies the stack-inspection mechanism as follows: at run time  , doPrivileged invokes the run method of that Priv object  , and when the stack inspection is performed to verify that each caller on the stack has been granted the necessary FilePermission  , the stack walk recognizes the presence of doPrivileged and stops at createSocket  , without demanding the FilePermission of the clients of Lib. Providing the mapping of the entire OWL syntax into the three types of rules considered in this paper is beyond the scope and space limitations of this paper. JPF is built around first  , breadth-first as well as heuristic search strategies to guide the model checker's search in cases where the stateexplosion problem is too severe 18. The NFEPN niodel is also used to implement and optimize the mapping f 1 3 . Unlike pure hill-climbing  , MPA in DAFFODIL uses a node list as in breadth-first search to allow backtracking  , such that the method is able to record alternative  " secondary " etc. IQP: we consider a modified version of the budget constrained optimization method proposed in 13 as a query selection baseline. 2  , this direction changes during movement  , even in the absence of other perturbations. This is because wild stores rarely touch dirty  , committed pages written by previous transactions. The query term selection optimization was evaluated by changing /3 and 7. The score is treated as a distance metric defined on the manifold   , which is more meaningful to capturing the semantic relevance degree. We used sentence as window size to measure relevance of appearing concepts to the topic term. By the mapping function F  , the reduced motion zk is extracted t o the joint angles of the robot 9k. We argue that considering a latent semantic model's score only is not enough to determine its effectiveness in search  , and all potentially useful information captured by the model should be considered . An important optimization technique is to avoid sorting of subcomponents which are removed afterwards due to duplicate elimination. Consequently several projections or maps of the hyperbolic space were developed  , four are especially well examined: i the Minkowski  , ii the upperhalf plane  , iii the Klein-Beltrami  , and iv the Poincaré or disk mapping. In all experiments  , TSA yields the best optimization/execution cost  , ratio. In this paper we investigate the benefits of using the semantic content automatically extracted from text for Information Retrieval IR. Many researchers have worked on optimizer architectures that facilitate flexibility: Bat86  , GD87  , BMG93  , GM931 are proposals for optimizer genera- tors; HFLP89  , BG92 described extensible optimizers in the extended relational context; MDZ93  , KMP93  proposed architectural frameworks for query optimization in object bases. We report results as averages across all EC classes in We performed " one-class vs. rest " Support Vector Machine classification and repeated this for all six EC top level classes. Let us mathematically formulate the problem of multi-objective optimization in database retrieval and then consider typical sample applications for information systems: Multi-objective Retrieval: Given a database between price  , efficiency and quality of certain products have to be assessed  Personal preferences of users requesting a Web service for a complex task have to be evaluated to select most appropriate services Also in the field of databases and query optimization such optimization problems often occur like in 22 for the choice of query plans given different execution costs and latencies or in 19 for choosing data sources with optimized information quality. In section 6 the performance measurement is presented  , and finally section 7 summarizes our experiences and outlines future work. In contrast to this direction of research  , relatively little research e.g. The basic assumption of a cognitive basis for a semantic distance effect over thesaurus terms has been investigated by Brooks 8  , in a series of experiments exploring the relevance relationships between bibliographic records and topical subject descriptors. Successively  , this germinal idea was further developed  , considering the dynamics a  , multiple arms 35  , defective systems and different motion capabilities of the robotic devices 6  , 83  , wire-based manipulators  , 9  , 101. Therefore  , such methods are not appropriate to be applied on feature sets generated from LOD. Thus  , the fixed 3  , 1 wildcard mapping of abc is {abc  , a*c}. In particular  , we index all the shortest paths starting from a source and ending with a sink. For instance   , NN queries over an attribute set A can be considered as model-based optimization queries with F  θ  , A as the distance function e.g. In the third stage  , the query optimizer takes the sub-queries and builds an optimized query execution plan see Section 3.3. Defining the I-space and a continuous mapping from I-space onto W-space. The experiments reported used a breadth first search till maximum depth 3 using the words falling in the synsets category. The optimization prohlem then uses the response time from the queueing model to solve for an improved solution. Here  , we propose a semantic relevance measure which outputs relevancy values of each pictogram when a pictogram interpretation is given. Traditional query optimization uses an enumerative search strategy which considers most of the points in the solution space  , but tries to reduce the solution space by applying heuristics. There is no other need for cooperation except of the support of the SPARQL protocol. Tradeoffs   , Pareto-optimal solutions  , and other critical information can then be read from the results. Apriori first finds all frequent itemsets of size § before finding frequent itemsets of size § ¦ . If its implementation is such that the least recent state is chosen  , then the search strategy is breadth-first. Path finding and sub-paths in breadth-first search 3. In semantic class extraction  , Zhang et al. Each value is the mean performance value of 163 retrieval tasks performed 9 . The mapping is given by the matrix shown in equation 5. As Rapoport 1953 put it  , it is about technical problems that can be treated independently of the semantic content of messages 25. We observed that this optimization also helps in making the final SQL query less sensitive to input schema. When determining the cases allowed for a given frame  , a breadth-first search of the case frame hierarchy collects the relevant cases. Our experiments show that the SP approach gives a decent performance in terms of number of triples  , query size and query execution time. For a more complete description of this mapping from activation level space to force space  , see 25. The CWB searches for subject keywords through a breadth-first search of the tree structure. Our query optimizer translates user queries written in XQuery into optimized FluX queries. Using conditional compilation allows the compiler freedom to produce the most efficient code for each query optimization technique. User-provided Mapping. Using the QGM representation of the query as input  , Plan Optimization then generates and models the cost of alternative plans  , where each plan is a procedural sequence of LOLEPOPs for executing the query. No optimization techniques are used. Secondly  , many query optimizers work on algebraic representations of queries  , and try to optimize the order of operations to minimize the cost while still computing an algebraically equivalent query. Incorporating this additional semantic fact could have helped to improve the relevance of retrieved results. The overlap continues in the 60- 80% range through the extent of the entire 28 day data set. Our choice of visual design builds upon one of the simplest hierarchical layouts  , the icicle plot 1. A kinematic mapping f has a singularity at q when the rank of its Jacobian matrix Jf q drops below its maximum possible value  , which is the smaller of the dimensions k of the joint-space and n of the configuration space. In order to implement this principle  , we would first parse the abstract to identify complete facts: the right semantic terms plus the right relationship among them  , as specified in the query topic. In general  , programmers use a language to map their ideas into a program space. The query optimizer shuffles operators around in the query tree to produce a faster execution plan  , which may evaluate different parts of the query plan in any order considered to be correct from the relational viewpoint. Furthermore we could show that it is possible to predict the expected action based on our spatial features whereby we found that the distance measures are the most influential values. Then  , Space uses the  Alloy Analyzer—an automatic bounded verifier for the Alloy language—to compare the specialized constraints to our pattern catalog which is also specified in Alloy. If the automated system could function well in this space  , then it will also function well in the retirement community. As a request must search the Q buckets contained in the fraction of the volume of the address space as defined by the request  , one method of mapping to these buckets would be to generate all possible combinations of attribute sets containing the request attributes and map to the address space one to one for each possible combina- tion. These two different interpretations of probability of relevance lead to two different probabilistic models for document retrieval. But what happens if the grasping configuration doesn't follow any of the simple built-in action models ? The fourth column A-m shows the acquisition method of the material  , which has five values: library Lib  , third-party T-p  , license Lic  , purchase Pur and voluntary deposit V-d. These pages were collected during August 2004  , and were drawn arbitrarily from the full MSN Search crawl. from a journal a real world example for a database containing medical document abstracts is given by the Journal of Clinical Oncology 1 . Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the sensorimotor mapping. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l The mechanisms communicate with each other by a simple structure  , the file system. Existing DSE tools alleviate path explosion using search strategies and heuristics that guide the search toward interesting paths while pruning the search space. 14 leveraged Wikipedia for the intent classification task. For the purposes of synthesizing a compliance mapping   , it is assumed that the robotic manipulator and the gripper holding the object can move freely in space without colliding with the environment. Then the optimization target becomes F = arg max F ∈F lF  , where F is the set of all possible query facet sets that can be generated from L with the strict partitioning constraint. For query optimization  , we show how the DataGuide can be used as a parh index. In particular  , we propose a sentencesignature based mechanism for mapping from the sentence domain to a multi-dimensional space such that word-overlap searches can be re-posed as range searches in this space. Specifically   , we collected the previous Amazon reviews of each reviewer in the root dataset and the Amazon product pages those reviews were associated with. Finally query generation tools tend to generate non-minimal queries 31. Analogous to order optimization we call this grouping optimization and define that the set of interesting groupings for a given query consists of 1. all groupings required by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query 2. all groupings produced by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query. The application runs from the command line. We still use Support Vector Machine  , a common  , simple yet powerful tool  , as the classifier. However  , mapping an inherently high-dimension data set into a low-dimension space tends to lose the information that distinguishes the data items. It has also become clear that in order to arrive to an executable benchmark  , we needed to exclude significant parts of a semantic search system. While some projects have attempted to derive the semantic relevance of discrete search results  , at least sufficiently to be able to group them into derived categories after the fact 27  , the unstructured nature of the Web makes exploring relationships among pages  , or the information components within pages  , difficult to determine. On the negative end of the spectrum  , corresponding to international outlets  , we find words such as countries  , international  , relationship  , alliance and country names such as Iran  , China  , Pakistan  , and Afghanistan. Suppose that one path is planned in z space by a certain optimization scheme. Some RDBMSs have means to associate optimization hints with a query without any modification of the query text. That is  , starting from the root pages of the selected sites we followed links in a breadth-first search  , up to 3 ,000 pages per site. Following Hong and Stonebraker HS91  , we break the optimization problem into two phases: join ordering followed by parallelization. Further  , addition and scalar multiplication cannot yield results similar to those performed in the data space. , for rare terms  , the amount of least information is bounded by the number of inferences. b Large holdings can be moved to wherever space is available  , without having to rewrite the corresponding catalog database. In this section we propose a method to make use of this information by encoding it into a feature weighting strategy that can be used to weight features in a tweet collection to address a topic classification task. The " new " records will be merged with the old logically undeleted ones already bon the optical disc and written together on new tracks; the mapping table will also be updated to reflect the changes. In practice  , the test searcher did not face any time constraints. Intuitively  , a tight connection between two documents should induce similar outputs in the new space. Planning a function like S&QWN causes the optimization of the embedded query to be performed.