Yet  , selecting data which most likely results in zero loss  , thus zero gradients  , simply slows down the optimization convergence. We consider MV-DNN as a general Deep learning approach in the multi-view learning setup. The SemSets method 7 proposed for entity list search utilizes the relevance of entities to automatically constructed categories i.e. In particular  , the information about a click on the previous document is particularly important. To measure the impact of this extension on query execution times we compare the results of executing our extended version of the BSBM with ARQ and with our tSPARQL query engine. The parameters  , Eps and MinP ts  , are critical inputs for DBSCAN. To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. As can be seen from these two tables  , our LRSRI approach outperforms other imputation methods  , especially for the case that both drive factors and effort labels are incomplete. In the case of discrete data the likelihood measures the probability of observing the given data as a function of θ θ θ. XSEarch returns semantically related fragments  , ranked by estimated relevance. At the meta-broker end  , we believe that our results can also be helpful in the design of the target scoring function  , and in distinguishing cases where merging results is meaningful and cases where it is not. Coefficients greater than ±0.5 with statistical significant level < 0.05 are marked with a * . , SH and AGH  , we randomly sample 3000 data points as the training set; for the point-wise supervised method SSH  , we additionally sample 1000 data points with their concept labels; for the list-wise supervised methods i.e. This corresponds to the user inspection of the retrieved documents. A full list of 26 questions  , 150 questions from WebQuestions  , and 100 questions from QALD could be found on our website. Thus  , four distances and their correlation with AP were evaluated. Despite this partial exploitation of the potential of the CS in providing virtual views of the DL  , its introduction has brought a number of other important advantages to the CYCLADES users. 21 used dynamic programming for hierarchical topic segmentation of websites. After word segmentation we get a sequence of meaningful words from each text query. As our model fitting procedure is greedy  , it can get trapped into local maxima. We choose questions from two standard Q&A questions and answers test sets  , namely  , QALD and WebQuestions as query contexts and ask a group of users to construct queries complying with these questions and check the results with the answers in the test sets. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM is built like that 5. Thus the robots would need to explicitly coordinate which policies they &e to evaluate  , and find a way to re-do evaluations that are interrupted by battery changes. In all experiments on the four benchmark collections  , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. On the Coupling Map  , areas of relatively high coupling   , or hot spots  , are represented by darker lines and areas of relatively low coupling  , or cool spots  , are represented by lighter lines. The CYCLADES system users do not know anything about the provenance of the underlying content. 10 . , projection  , duplicate elimination that have no influence on the emptiness of the query output. For example  , in BMEcat the prices of a product are valid for different territories and intervals  , in different types and currencies  , but all prices relate to the same customer no multi-buyer catalogs. We conducted numerous calibrations using the vector space model Singhal96  , Robertson's probabilistic retrieval strategy Robertson98  , and a modified vector space retrieval strategy. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. For each interface modeled we created a storyboard that contained the frames  , widgets  , and transitions required to do all the tasks  , and then demonstrated the tasks on the storyboard. For evaluation purposes  , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. Here we evaluate the performance of whole page retrieval. The carry-over optimization can yield substantial reductionq in the number of lock requests per transaction . Shannon adopted the same log measure when he established the average information-transmitting capacity of a discrete channel  , which he called the entropy  , by analogy with formulae in thermodynamics. Word embedding techniques seek to embed representations of words. These two different interpretations of probability of relevance lead to two different probabilistic models for document retrieval. We explain this by the fact that other factors  , such as clicks on previous documents  , are also memorized by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D .  WMD  , a word embedding-based framework using the Word Mover's Distance 15  to measure the querydocument relevance  , based on a word embedding vector set trained from Google News 19. The optimization problem of join order selection has been extensively studied in the context of relational databases 12  , 11  , 16. Unfortunately  , the DMI' method has two severe shortcomings as discussed in the following 1. The retrieval engine used for the Ad Hoc task is based on generative language models and uses cross-entropy between query and document models as main scoring criterion. To maximize with respect to each variational parameter  , we take derivatives with respect to it and set it to zero. The search logs used in this study consist of a list of querydocument pairs  , also known as clickthrough data. The measured total time for a run includes everything from query optimization until the result set is fully traversed  , but the decoding of the results is not forced. To introduce our general concept of feature-model compositionality   , we assume that two feature models Mx and My are composed to M x /y = Mx M C My . To explain user browsing behavior at lower positions  , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D considers other factors to be more important. Section 6 compares CLIR performance of our system with monolingual IR performance. However  , RaPiD7 is not focusing on certain artifacts or phases of software development  , and actually does not state which kind of documents or artifacts could be produced using the method  , but leaves this to the practitioner of the method. 2014. Our goal is to assess the UMLS Metathesaurus based CLIR approach within this context. S is the sensitivity transfer function matrix. A summary of the results is reported in Table 1. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest. This section presents a dynamic programming approach to find the best discretization function to maximize the parameterized goodness function. Table 4presents our experimental results  , as well as the four best methods according to their experiments   , i.e. , s2. Lib instances. In order to analyze how good our query translation approach for CLIR  , we display in Fig. However   , there are two difficulties in calculating stochastic gradient descents. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. pLSA has shown promise in ad hoc information retrieval  , where it can be used as a semantic smoothing technique. As shown in Fig. So far almost all the legal information retrieval systems are based on the boolean retrieval model. In this method th'e C-space is respresented as the convolution of the robot and workspace bitmaps 19. Since difficult queries mislead the scoring function of the search engine to associate high scores to irrelevant documents  , our computation of relevance probability is also faulty in this case. TBSL 19 uses so called BOA patterns as well as string similarities to fill the missing URIs in query templates and bridge the lexical gap. Then we use: The same optimization except for the absorption of new would yield a structuring scheme which creates objects only for lm aliases. Parallel texts have been used in several studies on CLIR 2  , 6  , 19. Traverse the measure graph starting at m visiting all finer measures using breadth-first search. For each node  , add the costs computed by the two dijkstra searches. 6 and 7. Therefore  , it seems appropriate to use Spearman's rank correlation coefficient 11 to measure the correlation between weighted citations and renewal stage. After a certain period  , a generated realization of MCMC sample can be treated as a dependent sample from the posterior distribution. The agent builds the Q-learning model by alternating exploration and exploitation activities. The current release of the CYCLADES system does not fully exploit the potentiality of the CS since it uses the CS only as a means to construct virtual information spaces that are semantically meaningful from some community's perspective. The solution presented in this paper addresses these concerns. Hence  , LI Binary LIB can be computed by: This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. There are only two parameters to tune in random forests: T   , the number of trees to grow  , and m  , the number of features to consider when splitting each node. ? We set the context window size m to 10 unless otherwise stated. Further more  , we also compared the five variants of WNBs each other. Additionally   , we identified examples that illustrate the problem scenario described relying on structured data collected from 2500+ online shops together with their product offerings. An efficient alternative that we use is hierarchical soft-max 18  , which reduces the time complexity to O R logW  + bM logM  in our case  , where R is the total number of words in the document sequence. Rule-based query optimization is not an entirely new idea: it is borrowed from relational query optimization  , e.g. This reduced breadth of access is further evidence for the goaldriven behaviour seen in search. The way RaPiD7 is applied varies significantly depending on the case. The results of PRMS are significantly worse compared to MLM in our settings  , which indicates that the performance of this model degrades in case of a large number of fields in entity descriptions. To prevent over-fitting  , we add an l1 regularization term to each log likelihood function. Experiments on three real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our model. The BSBM SPARQL queries are designed in such a way that they contain different types of queries and operators  , including SELECT/CONTRUCT/DESCRIBE  , OPTIONAL  , UNION. RQ6 a. This is probably why more efforts are put into the preparation work when using JAD  , and why with JAD the typical " from preparation to a finished document -time " is longer than with RaPiD7. In this section  , we compare DIR to the informationtheoretic measures traditionally used to evaluate rule interestingness see table 1for formulas:  the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , which measures the deviation from equilibrium;  the mutual information 12  , the Theil uncertainty 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12  , which measure the deviation from independence. Therefore  , we need to deal with potentially infinite number of related learning problems  , each for one of the query q ∈ Q. Section 4 presents precision  , recall  , and retrieval examples of four pictogram retrieval approaches. On the basis of sentence representations using Bi-LSTM with CNN  , we can model the interactions between two sentences. Most robotics related applications of game theory have focused on game theory's traditional strategy specific solution concepts 5. SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. First we can remark that the imputation accuracies are generally higher than with complete training data 11 . This dynamic programming gives O|s| 2  running time solution. The major problem that multi-query optimization solves is how to find common subexpressions and to produce a global-optimal query plan for a group of queries. The returned set was therefore compared to their query in that light  , their semantic relevance. Although the conversions completed without errors  , still a few issues could be detected in each dataset that we will cover subsequently. The localization method that we use constructs a likelihood function in the space of possible robot positions. We conduct CLIR experiments using the TREC 6 CLIR dataset described in Section 5.1. The dynamic programming is performed off-line and the results are used by the realtime controllers. For each of the tree methods  , small improvement can be seen The approach taken in this paper suggests a framework for understanding user behavior in terms of demographic features determined through unsupervised modeling. Here  , σ is the sigmoid function that has an output in 0  , 1  , tanh denotes the hyperbolic tangent function that has an output in −1  , 1   , and denotes the component-wise multiplication . Next we give details of how deep learning techniques such as convolution and stacking can be used to obtain hierarchical representations of the different modalities. They did not diversify the ranking of blog posts. Game theory researchers have extensively studied the representations and strategies used in games 3. All the techniques transform the tree into a rooted binary tree or binary composition rules before applying dynamic programming. ueu When we are capable of building and testing a highly predictive model of user effectiveness we will be able to do cross system comparisons via a control  , but our current knowledge of user modeling is inadequate. From the above results  , we conclude that the representation q 2 of a query q provides the means to transfer behavioral information between query sessions generated by the query q. The basic method uses a family of locality-sensitive hash functions to hash nearby objects in the high-dimensional space into the same bucket. Figure 6shows the distribution of queries over clients. 6 directly with stochastic gradient descent. In this way  , one could estimate a general user vocabulary model  , that describes the searcher's active and passive language use in more than just term frequencies. This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . Here  , graph equality means isomor- phism. The impulse was effected by tapping on the finger with a light and stiff object. Thus make it even tougher for DBSCAN to detect density region. The velocity sensor is composed of two separate components: a sensing layer containing the loop of copper in which voltage is induced and a support layer that wraps around the sensing layer after folding to restrict the sensor's movement to one degree of freedom. One component of a probabilistic retrieval model is the indexing model  , i.e. So  , when tackling the phrase-level sentiment classification  , we form a sentence matrix S as follows: for each token in a tweet  , we have to look up its corresponding word embedding in the word matrix W  , and the embedding for one of the two word types. According to the theory of general fixedpoint equations in complete dioids  , we have y = ca%u  , where h = ca% is the transfer function matrix of the system. , array of floating point values. They are not included in the application profile  , awaiting approval by DCMI of a mechanism to express these. " It does  , though  , inform us about the attractiveness of the document d  , which leads to improvements on the click prediction task see Experiment 4. These functional models are digitized and available as videos and interactive animations. The average reference accuracy is the average over all the references. Performance of IMRank with Random initial ranking and Random ranking alone are averaged over 50 trials. Query optimization in general is still a big problem. Uses of probabilistic language model in information retrieval intended to adopt a theoretically motivated retrieval model. Except for the LSH and KLSH method which do not need training samples  , for the unsupervised methods i.e. As of today  , these two approaches i.e. Shannon Entropy is shown on the left  , min-Entropy in the middle and Rényi Entropy on the right. Test II: Combined Models. This paper has presented a binary paradigm in robotics and has developed one method for solving the problem of optimal design for pick-and-place tasks. Our fast detection method for empty-result queries uses some data structure similar to materialized views − each atomic query part stored in the collection C aqp can be regarded as a " mini " materialized view. Most attempts to layer a static type system atop a dynamic language 3  , 19  , 34 support only a subset of the language  , excluding many dynamic features and compromising the programming model and/or the type-checking guarantee. The exception to this trend is Mammography   , which reports zero correlation categorically  , as within each test either all or none of the features fail the KS test except for some MCAR trials for which failure occurred totally at random. As CL-EM is known to be unstable 14   , we smooth the parameters at each iteration t. More specifically  , we estimate It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference. The problem can be solved by existing numerical optimization methods such as alternating minimization and stochastic gradient descent. This evolution will be characterized by a trajectory on a two-dimensional Self-Organizing Map. A likelihood function is constructed assuming a parameter set  , generating a pdf for each sample based on those parameters  , then multiplying all these pdf's together.   , n |Q|−|X obs | } indicating on which dimensions the data elements are lost; 2. imputing the assigned dimensions according to the imputation strategy ϕ. . A set of completing  , typing information is added  , so that the number of tags becomes higher. Using MATLAB  , a fast Fourier transform FFT was performed. Figure 4 shows the relative English-French CLIR effectiveness as compared to the monolingual French baseline. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. For sparse and high-dimensional binary dataset which are common over the web  , it is known that minhash is typically the preferred choice of hashing over random projection based hash functions 39. In above  , K fuzzy evidence structures are used for illustration . 6 analyzed the potential of page authority by fitting an exponential model of page authority. He used residual functions for fitting projected model and features in the image. By contrast  , the control information for the self-folding sheet described here is encoded in the design itself. The logistic function is widely used as the likelihood function  , which is defined as  Binary actions with r ij ∈ {−1  , 1}. For simplicity  , we only discuss CLIR modeling in this section. The following equations describe those used as the foundation of our retrieval strategies. The design includes the assignment of an appropriate set of admissible strategies and payoff functions to all players. Semantic errors were reported to developers who quickly confirmed their relevance and took actions to correct them. We are currently investigating techniques to identify these effectively tagged blog posts and hope to incorporate it into future versions of TagAssist. the catalog group taxonomy. Fig. To demonstrate the usefulness of this novel language resource we show its performance on the Multilingual Question Answering over Linked Data challenge QALD-4 1 . The comparison is based on Hamming Embedding  , which compresses a descriptor's 64 floating numbers into a single 64-bit word while preserving the ability to estimate the distance between descriptors. Graphs  , which are in fact one of the most general forms of data representation   , are able to represent not only the values of an entity  , but can be used to explicitly model structural relations that may exist between different parts of an object 5 ,6. Given that our system is trained off this data  , we believe we can drastically improve the performance of our system by identifying the blog posts have been effectively tagged  , meaning that the tags associated with the post are likely to be considered relevant by other users. This has been observed in some early studies 8. They tend to explicitly leverage highly-dynamic features like late binding of names  , meta-programming  , and " monkey patching "   , the ability to arbitrarily modify the program's AST. Instead of the vector space model or the classical probabilistic model we will use a new model  , called the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval  , which is described in the appendix of this paper. They create their own collections by simply giving a MC that characterizes their information needs and do not provide any indication about which are the ISs that store these documents. However  , accurately estimating these probabilities is difficult for generative probabilistic language modeling techniques. Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. s k   , any subsegmentation si . We further propose a method to optimize such a problem formulation within the standard stochastic gradient descent optimization framework. There is a significant correlation 0.55 between the number of judged and number of found relevant documents  , which is not unexpected. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l The mechanisms communicate with each other by a simple structure  , the file system. 33 propose an evolutionary timeline summarization strategy based on dynamic programming. The error rate of a random forest depends on two factors: the correlation between trees in the forest and the strength of each individual tree. A random forest has many nice characteristics that make it promising for the problem of name disambiguation. One can design a positioning compensator to develop a tracklng system such that the closed-loop system IS always robust to the bounded uncertalnties In the open loop dynamlcs of the robot. The architecture of our system is rather simple as displayed in Figure 4 : given a question Q  , a search engine retrieves a list of passages ranked by their relevancy. Given this observation  , we are interested in the question: is regularized pLSA likely to outperform non-regularized pLSA no matter the value of K we select ? We perform experiments on a publicly available multilingual multi-view text categorization corpus extracted from the Reuters RCV1/RCV2 corpus 1 . As shown  , topic-based metrics have correlation with the number of bugs at different levels. For each document identifier passed to the Snippet Engine   , the engine must generate text  , preferably containing query terms  , that attempts to summarize that document. As a result  , large SPARQL queries often execute with a suboptimal plan  , to much performance detriment. With regard to the unexpectedness of the highly relevant results relevancy>=4 Random indexing outperforms the other systems  , however hyProximity offers a slightly more unexpected suggestions if we consider only the most relevant results relevan- cy=5. This is quite opposite to what has been chosen in the minimisation for the DLS law in Eq.5 and hence the necessity for λ. The proportion of customers missing data for the number of port is large 44% and the customer population where data are missing may be different  , making conventional statistical treatment of missing data e.g. This cache is hosted by clients and completes the traditional HTTP temporal cache hosted by data providers. Deep learning is an emerging research field today and  , to our knowledge  , our work is the first one that applied deep learning for assessing quality of Wikipedia articles. The robot motion can be obtained by a motion planning method based on a deformation model of the cloth  , as described in Section IV. Stochastic gradient descent SGD methods iteratively update the parameters of a model with gradients computed by small batches of b examples. Otherwise  , the resulting plans may yield erroneous results. Table 4shows a comparison of the recall precision values for the English-Chinese CLIR experimental results. In this paper  , we first analyze the theoretical property of KLSH to better understand the behavior and capacity of KLSH in similarity search. The worst performance is by LD. Meanwhile   , other machine learning methods can also reach the accuracy more than 0.83. a join order optimization of triple patterns performed before query evaluation. We introduce the recent work on applications of deep learning to IR tasks. the Shannon entropy 15  , 16. We consider the CS we described in this paper as a first prototype of a more general " mediator infrastructure service " that can be used by the other DL services to efficiently and effectively implement a dynamic set of virtual libraries that match the user expectations upon the concrete heterogeneous information sources and services. A formal model: More specifically  , let the distribution associated with node w be Θw. As these frequency spectra are not provided in evenly spaced time intervals  , we use Lagrange transformation to obtain timed snapshots. The fitting constraint keeps the model parameters fit to the training data whereas the regularizers avoid overfitting  , making the model generalize better 7. Within the model selection  , each operation of reduction of topic terms results in a different model. Our predictive models are based on raw geographic distance How many meters is the ATM from me ? In almost all type of applications  , it would be sufficient to set Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. In dictionary-based CLIR queries are translated into the language of documents through electronic dictionaries. In summary  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. Then we do breadth first search from the virtual node. In the previous section we have given exact expressions for the value of the dynamic programming problem and the optimal bidding strategy that should be followed under this dynamic programming problem. Invitation Figure 1  , Steps of RaPiD7 1 Preparation step is performed for each of the workshops  , and the idea is to find out the necessary information to be used as input in the workshops. In case of the paper material the folding edge flips back to its initial position. The idea behind the method is relatively simple  , but the effective use of it is not. In this section  , we elaborate on a complementary example that uses structured data on the Web of Data. This ensures that the child keeps being challenged which is an important factor in both intelligent tutoring systems 17 and game theory 6. More concretely  , to automatically construct the lexical paraphrase matrix we follow a simple three-step procedure: Learn Word Embeddings: Learn a set of word embedding vectors using Word2vec 9  on a background corpus containing the same type of documents that are to be expanded. The size of table productfeatureproduct is significantly bigger than the table product 280K rows vs 5M rows. 23 took advantage of learning deep belief nets to classify facial action units in realistic face images. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. Finally  , Figure 4shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity at all ranks. ADEPT supports the creation of personalized digital libraries of geospatial information  " learning spaces "  but owns its resources unlike in G-Portal where the development of the collection depends mainly on users' contributions as well as on the discovery and acquisition of external resources such as geography-related Web sites. We provide a probabilistic model for image retrieval problem. In Section 2 we define our basic concepts and our model of program execution and testing. There can also be something specific to the examples added that adds confusion . It is a big step for calligraphic character recognition. The first  , an optimistic heuristic  , assumes that all possible matches in the sequences are made regardless of their order in the sequence. This method only requires function evaluations  , not derivatives. likelihood function. Second  , word associations in our technique have a welldefined probabilistic interpretation. Consider a two class classification problem. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: The reference can be obtained using the library pathname. Shannon proposed to measure the amount of uncertainty or entropy in a distribution. Finally  , by combining long-term and short-term user interests  , our proposed models TDSSM and MR-TDSSM successfully outperformed all the methods significantly. Usually  , the Euclidean distance between the weight vector and the input pattern is used to calculate a unit's activation. We use |C1|/|C| to calculate the precision  , |C1+C2+C3|/|C| to evaluate the relevance precision. Deep learning with bottom-up transfer DL+BT: A deep learning approach with five-layer CAES and one fully connected layer. In all commercial systems  , the DMP is set " statically "   , that is  , when the system is started up and configured according to the administrator's specification. This part of experiment is indicated as Supervised Modeling Section 3.3. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. On the 99-node cluster  , indexing time for the first English segment of the ClueWeb09 collection ∼50 million pages was 145 minutes averaged over three trials; the fastest and slowest running times differed by less than 10 minutes. Unfortunately  , to use Popov's stability theory  , one must construct a strict positive real system transfer function matrix  , but this is a very tedious work. Information theory borrowed the concept of entropy from the t h e o r y o f s t a t i s t i c a l thermodynamics where Boltzmann's theory s t a t e s t h a t t h e entropy of a gas changing states isothermally at temperature T i s given by: Datasets. We are reaching the point where we are willing to tie ourselves down by declaring in advance our variable types  , weakest preconditions  , and the like. The performance of Human Interest Model and Soft Pattern Bigram Model for each entity type can be seen in Figure 2 . The rise of B2B e-commerce revealed a series of new information management challenges in the area of product data integration 5 ,13. Subject keywords are nouns and proper nouns from a title or subtitle. In addition to early detection of different diseases  , predictive modeling can also help to individualize patient care  , by differentiating individuals who can be helped from a specific intervention from those that will be adversely affected by the same inter- vention 7  , 8. In this paper  , we presented CyCLaDEs  , a behavioral decentralized cache for LDF clients. Hundreds of people have been involved in making RaPiD7 as a working practice in Nokia. Random Forest is the classifier used. Thus solving the graph search problem in These optional features can then be composed to yield a great variety of customized types for use in applications. In addition  , MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 11  , item taxonomy 9 and attributes 1  , social relations 8  , and 3-way interactions 21. If this was not done then Wumpus would attempt to look for tweets containing exactly the topic phrase and this is not generally a desirable behaviour for a search engine. We have proposed the aspect model latent variable method for cold-start recommending. However  , the multi-query optimization technique can provide maximized capabilities of data sharing across queries once multiple queries are optimized as a batch. Next  , we present the details of the proposed model GPU-DMM. Good query optimization is as important for 00 query languages as it is for relational query languages. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query generated from a document 9. To determine the statistical significance of the Pearson correlation coefficient r  , the p − value has been used in this work. An effective thesaurus-based technique must deal with the problem of word polysemy or ambiguity  , which is particularly serious for Arabic retrieval. In all the cases  , we compare the queries generated by D2R Server with –fast enabled with the queries generated by Morph with subquery and self-join elimination enabled. First  , we discussed the overall architecture for learning of complex motions by real robotic systems. If the grid is coarse  , dynamic programming works reasonably quickly. Library and owners can appear as value Lib  , Own  , if both the library and the owners require written permission. The converter has built-in check steps that detect common irregularities in the BMEcat data  , such as wrong unit codes or invalid feature values. Third  , our proposed model leads to very accurate bid prediction . the optimization time of DPccp is always 1. classes in PLSA. S! " One limitation of regular LSH is that they require explicit vector representation of data points. For example  , recent work has shown that there are deep connections between modularity in design and the value of real options--capital analogs of financial options. The majority of queries are natural language questions that are focused on finding one particular entity or several entities as exact answers to these questions. While LIB uses binary term occurrence to estimate least information a document carries in the term  , LIF measures the amount of least information based on term frequency. White et al. To avoid simply learning the identity function  , we can require that the number of hidden nodes be less than the number of input nodes  , or we can use a special regularization term. The results are listed in Table 4and 5  , together with the results for the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method without using any weighting scheme. Here we use breadth-first search. This pattern is revealed tnost strongly by the mattix of retrieval weights  , which in all cases correctly relate documents to requests in agreement with our relevance assumptions. A challenge of this approach is the tradeoff between the number of cohorts and the predictive power of cohorts on individuals. One type of cognitive tasks is machine learning. In addition to the manufacturer BMEcat files  , we took a real dataset obtained from a focused crawl whereby we collected product data from 2629 shops. It is applicable to a variety of static and dynamic cost functions   , such as distance and motion time. The general interest model captures the user's interests in terms of categories e.g. At the beginning of learning control of each situation   , CMAC memory is refreshed. On the other hand  , crawling in breadth-first search order provides a fairly good bias towards high quality pages without the computational cost. We can observe that all translation types native  , C  , SQE  , SJE  , SQE+SJE have similar performance in most of BSBM queries  , ranging from 0.67 to 2.60 when normalized  ing to the native SQL queries. The task consists of transforming the price-relevant information of a BMEcat catalog to xCBL. More specifically  , we compute two entropy-based features for the EDA and EMG-CS data: Shannon entropy and permutation entropy. The relevance values attached to each rule then provide  , together with an appropriate calculus of relevance values  , a mechanism for determining the overall relevance of a given document as a function of those patterns which it contains. In JAD  , the general idea is to have a workshop or a set of workshops rather than having unlimited number of workshops throughout the project. Rather than over fitting to the limited number of examples  , users might be fitting a more general but less accurate model. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first attempt at learning and applying character-level tweet embeddings . By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. A concept  , in our context  , is a Linked Data instance  , defined with its URI  , which represents a topic of human interest. The control voltages of controllers for the motor and the PZT actuators are sent to the servo amplifier and the ACX amplifier  , respectively  , through a PCL-727 D/A card. In our case  , we use a random sample of tweets crawled from a different time period to train our word embedding vectors. We also tried GRU but the results seem to be worse than LSTM. Doing so allows for powerful and general descriptions of interaction. Thus  , in practice we look for a subset that maximizes the Pearson correlation betweenˆMΦ betweenˆ betweenˆMΦ and M . 17 For comparison  , on KE4IR website we make available for download an instance of SOLR a popular search engine based on Lucene indexing the same document collection used in our evaluation  , and we report on its performances on the test queries. It is suspected that the trust exhibited in this game was partly related on how people perceive the robot from a game theory perspective  , in which the 'smart' thing to do is to send higher amounts of money in order to maximize profit. In the case of Weidmüller  , the conversion result is available online 11 . The elements are encoded using only two word types: the tokens spanning the phrase to be predicted are encoded with 1s and all the others with 0s. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. We use a variation of these models 28  to learn word vector representation word embeddings that we track across time. To verify whether the RNN model itself can achieve good performance for evaluation   , we also trained an LSTM-only model that uses only recent user embedding. In game theory  , a strategy is a method for deciding what move to make next  , given the current game state. Experiments showed that methods with the LIB quantity were more effective in terms of within-cluster accuracy e.g. This work attempts to combine these approaches thus exploiting both the strong economical background used by game theory to model the relations that define competitive actions  , as well as sophisticated data mining models to extract knowledge from the data companies accumulate. To combat the above problem  , we propose a generalized LFA strategy that trades a slight increase in running time for better accuracy in estimating Mr  , and therefore improves the performance of IMRank on influence spread. A quick scan of the thumbnails locates an answer: 4 musicians shown  , which the user could confirm took place in Singapore by showing and playing the story. The requirements of both these systems highlighted the need for a virtual organization of the information space. Implementing these context variants allowed us to systematically evaluate the effectiveness of different sources of context for user interest modeling. In here  , we further developed and used a fully probabilistic retrieval model. We discretize the height map into a grid of 48 x 48  , for all 3 channels. It needed 76 evaluations  , but the chosen optimum had a yield below 10 units: worse than all the other methods  , indicating that the assumption of a global quadratic is inadequate in this domain. In this representation   , even though  , the GA might come up with two fit individuals with two competing conventions  , the genetic operators such aa crossover  , will not yield fitter individuals. We have developed and analyzed two schemes to compute the probing sequence: step-wise probing and query-directed probing. More than 3800 text documents  , 1200 descriptions of mechanisms and machines  , 540 videos and animations and 180 biographies of people in the domain of mechanism and machine science are available in the DMG- Lib in January 2009 and the collection is still growing. For each procedure  , we enumerate a finite set of significant subgraphs; that is  , we enumerate subgraphs that hold semantic relevance and are likely to be good semantic clone candidates . Notice that the likelihood function only applies a " penalty " to regions in the visual range Of the scan; it is Usually computed using ray-tracing. Stories are represented as a thumbnail image along with a score thermometer  , a relevance bar to the left of each thumbnail  , with stories listed in relevance order. We describe here a technique to approximate the matcher by a DNF expression. Three different levels of achievement can be perceived in implementing RaPiD7. We run an experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M  , hosted on the same LDF server with 2 differents URLs. This MTL method assumes that all tasks are related to each other and it tries to transfer knowledge between all tasks. Here  , we focus on locality sensitive hashing techniques that are most relevant to our work. Furthermore  , Figure 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D consistently outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity for rare and torso queries  , with larger improvements observed for less frequent queries. To conclude with the above example  , suppose that we want to obtain the objects and not only the Definition attribute e.g. We have submitted 6 ranking-based runs. The lower perplexity the higher topic modeling accuracy. However  , semantic optimization increases the search space of possible plans by an order of magnitude  , and very ellicient searching techniques are needed to keep .the cost'of optimization within reasonable limits. With L = W   , we can have: Since coverage tends to increase with sequence length  , the DFS strategy likely finds a higher coverage sequence faster than the breadth-first search BFS. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. to represent a navigation structure in a Web shop. In contrast  , last criterion   , which is typical of schemes generally seen in the robotics literature  , yields analytical expressions for the trajectory and locally-optimal solutions for joint rates and actuator forces. In ll  the classification task is performed by a self-organizing Kohonen's map. This simple method worked out well in our experiments. 1997 found that their corpus-based CLIR queries performed almost as well as the monolingual baseline queries. The resulting good performance of CLIR corresponds to the high quality of the suggested queries. 4first out queue called Q in Fig. It uses R*-tree to achieve better performance. For commercial reasons  , we have developed technology for English  , Japanese  , and Chinese CLIR. An additional probabilistic model is that of Fuhr 4. stochastic dynamic programming  , and recommended actions are executed. for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. Analogously  , the same training procedure is utilized to train the third and any subsequent layers of sdf-organizing maps. Based on the results of this study our future research will involve the identification of language pairs for which fuzzy translation is effective  , the improvement of the rules for example  , utilising rule co-occurrence information  , testing the effects of tuning a confidence factor by a specific language pair  , selecting the best TRT and fuzzy matching combination  , and testing how to apply fuzzy translation in actual CLIR research. Joint Objective. The parameter vector of each ranking system is learned automatically . The sp2b sparql performance benchmark 17  and the Berlin sparql Benchmark bsbm 3 both aim to test the sparql query engines of rdf triple stores. The bottom-most RBM of our model  , which models the input terms  , is character-level variant of the replicated softmax RSM model presented in 28  for documents . The optimization of each stage can use statistics cardinality   , histograms computed on the outputs of the previous stages. Assuming an industrial setting  , long-term attention models that include the searcher's general interest in addition to the current session context can be expected to become powerful tools for a wide number of inference tasks. In the language modeling framework  , documents are modeled as the multinomial distributions capturing the word frequency occurrence within the documents. 4shows the beating heart motion along z axis with its interpolation function and the frequency spectrum calculated from off-line fast fourier transform. We also develop a GUI tool to help users to construct queries in case they are not familiar with the SPARQL syntax. First  , was the existing state of the art  , Flat-COTE  , significantly better than current deep learning approaches for TSC ? Also  , it will be difficult to apply the Kuhlback and Liebers' relative entropy since the " atoms " or " characters " of an image or an ensemble is difficult to define. The Maximum a posteriori estimate MAP is a point estimate which maximizes the log of the posterior likelihood function 3. The Moby simulation library uses the introduced approach to simulate resting contact for Newton  , Mirtich  , Anitescu- Potra  , and convex optimization based impact models among others. When DC thrashing occurs  , more and more transactions become blocked so that the response time of transactions increases beyond acceptable values and essentially approaches infinity. The Discrete Cosine Transform DCT is a real valued version of Fast Fourier Transform FFT and transforms time domain signals into coefficients of frequency component. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. Another benchmark dataset – WebQuestions – was introduced by Berant et al. Gray scale indicates computed relevance with white most relevant. An * indicates that the Kolmogorov- Smirnov test did not confirm a significant di↵erence p > 0.05 between the indicated bin and the fourth bin. The logistic function is widely used as the likelihood function  , which is defined as The topic pattern First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. A more difficult bias usually causes a greater proportion of features to fail KS. These Based on Word2Vec 6  , Doc2Vec produces a word embedding vector  , given a sentence or document. We use LSTM-RNN for both generation and retrieval baselines. Our experiments on numeric data show that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test achieves the highest label prediction accuracy of the various statistical hypothesis tests. The product identifier can be mapped in two different ways  , at product level or at product details level  , whereby the second takes precedence over the other. To quantify the correlation with established query level metrics  , we computed the Pearson correlation coefficient between DSAT correlation and: i average clickthrough rate  , ii average NDCG@1  , and iii average NDCG@3. Once the semantic relevance values were calculated  , the pictograms were ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the major category. Figure 10shows the likelihood and loop closure error as a function of EM iteration. After fitting this model  , we use the parameters associated with each article to estimate it's quality. This hierarchical agglomerative step begins with leaf clusters  , and has complexity quadratic in . Since previously learned RRT's are kept for fkture uses  , the data structure becomes a forest consisting of multiple RRTs. Is it useful to identify important parts in query images ? Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. Once these enhancements are in place  , i.e. For instance  , if the user stems from London  , reads " The Times " and is a passionate folk-dancer  , this might make the alternative segmentation times " square dance " preferable. We followed Chapelle et al. However  , the imputation performance of HI is unstable when the missing ratio increases. In each case  , we formed title+description queries in the same manner as for the automatic monolingual run. Our previous work on creating self-folding devices controlling its actuators with an internal control system is described in 3. Each iteration of the stochastic gradient descent in PV-DBOW goes through each word exactly once  , so we use the document length 1/#d to ensure equal regularizations over long and short documents. First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. The steps of RaPiD7 method are presented in figure 1. Run dijkstra search from the final node as shown in Fig.6. Of these two  , imputation has the practical advantage that one can analyse the completed database using any tool or method desired. Simply put  , RaPiD7 is a method in which the document in hand is authored in a team in consecutive workshops. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method  , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. 12 propose a method figure 1c that applies LSH on a learned metric referred as M+LSH in Table 1. In QALD-3 20  , SQUALL2SPARQL 21 achieved the highest precision in the QA track. Although we have framed the issue in terms of a game  , pure game theory makes no predictions about such a case  , in which there are two identical Nash equilibriums. Both our weighting scheme and the two weighting schemes to be compared are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method to predict ratings for test users. This toleration factor reflects the inherent resolving limitation of a given relevance scoring function  , and thus within this toleration factor  , the ranking of documents can be seen as arbitrary. Inspired by the superior results obtained by the neural language models  , we present a two-phase approach  , Doc2Sent2Vec  , to learn document embedding. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features  , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. Moreover  , our own results have demonstrated that outcome matrices degrade gracefully with increased error 18. Out of these posts  , 1.9M posts are tagged with an average of 1.75 tags per post. query terms rather than document terma because they were investigating probabilistic retrieval Model 2 of Robertson et.al. Our scope of machine learning is limited to the fitting of parameter values in previously prescribed models  , using prescribed model-fitting procedures. This means users have small variance on these queries  , and the search engine has done well for these queries  , while on the queries with click entropy≥2.5  , the result is disparate: both P-Click and G-Click methods make exciting performance. This is illustrated in Figure 3. These results are very promising and indicate that  , by using sipIIsl  , parametric query optimization can be efficiently supported in current systems. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. Pair Potentials. It is designed to be used with formal query method and does not incorporate IR relevance measurements. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. This model is then converted into a vector representation as mentioned above. The Random Forest model selects a portion of the data attributes randomly and generates hundreds and thousands of trees accordingly  , and then votes for the best performing one to produce the classification result. Applying the Shannon Entropy equation directly will be misleading. Finally  , there might be months that are more olfactory pleasant than others. In order to realize the personal fitting functions  , a surface model is adopted. So he has there by advanced information theory remarkably . Then we showed the extended method of connectionist Q-Learning for learning a behavior with continuous inputs and outputs . These outliers were removed using DBSCAN to identify low density noise. Cases for which both models yield a rather poor account typically correspond to memes that are characterized by either a single burst of popularity or by sequences of such bursts usually due to rekindled interest after news reports in other media. Differences are related to the goals of the methods and the scope of using the methods in software development projects. This objective is fulfilled by either having a layer to perform the transformation or looking up word vectors from a table which is filled by word vectors that are trained separately using additional large corpus. The most significant recent advance in programming methodology has been the constructive approach to developing correct programs or "programming calculus" formulated in Dijkstra 75  , elaborated with numerous examples in Dijkstra 76  , and discussed further in Gries 76. Que TwigS TwigStack/PRIX from 28  , 29 / ToXinScan vs. X that characterize the ce of an XML query optimizer that takes conjunction with two summary pruning ugmented with data r provides similar se of system catalog information in optimization strategy  ,   , which reduces space by identifying at contain the query a that suggest that  , can easily yield ude. Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design  , and they do not have single  , clear semantics. , 25 ,000 updates in a database of l ,OOO ,OOO objects   , we obtained speed-up factors of more than 10 versus DBSCAN.   , denotes the Pearson correlation of user and user . Program building blocks are features that use AspectJ as the underlying weaving technology . Q-learning incrementally builds a model that represents how the application can be used. Coding theoretic arguments suggest that this structure should pcnnit us to reduce the dimensionality of our index space so as to better correspond to the ShanDon Entropy of the power set of documeDts {though this may require us to coalesce sets of documents wry unlikely to be optimal. unsupervised or only a fraction i.e. template. The key of most techniques is to exploit random projection to tackle the curse of dimensionality issue  , such as Locality-Sensitive Hashing LSH 20   , a very well-known and highly successful technique in this area. Given the wide availability of standard word embedding software and word lists for most languages  , both resources are significantly easier to obtain than manually curating lexical paraphrases   , for example by creating WordNet synsets. HyProximity measures improve the baseline across all performance measures  , while Random indexing improves it only with regard to recall and F-measure for less than 200 suggestions. Different limb-terrain interactions generate 222 gait bounce signals with different information content  , thus deliberate limb motions can effect higher information content. The reader is referred to the technical report by Oard and Dorr for an excellent review of the CLIR literature 18. Content features are not predictive perhaps due to 1 citation bias  , 2 paper quality is covered by authors/venues  , or 3 insufficient content modeling. According to Dijkstra  , at any given time an object has one of three colors. Stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization . It does have an analogy to the generalized likelihood ratio test Z  when the error function is the log-likelihood function. In our implementation  , we use the alternating optimization for its amenability for the cold-start settings. These results show that the performance of DD is significantly better than that of other methods under challenging conditions. All t-SNE projections contain a large number of clusters of different density and size that group vector states by their similarities in the vector state space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . Having computed the topical distribution of each individual tweet  , we can now estimate an entire profile's topical diversity and do so by using the Shannon diversity theorem entropy: Topical Diversity. The other sets of experiments are designed similar to the first set. fol " .tif. " 2 To capture the behavior of SaaSs and IaaS in this conflicting situation game in which what a SaaS or the IaaS the players of the game does directly affects what others do  , we consider the Generalized Nash game13  , 15  , which is broadly used in Game Theory and other fields. When looking at search result behaviour more broadly we see that what browsing does occur occurs within the first page of results. Game theory has also been used as a means for controlling a robot 5  , 7. The matrices Wqs  , Wss  , Wis  , W ds denote the projections applied to the vectors q  , sr  , ir  , dr+1; the matrix I denotes an identity matrix. Figure 2will settle to a state which minimizes the sum of the error in the estimate and the negative of the Shannon entropy. As discussed  , the LIB quantity is similar in spirit to IDF inverse document frequency whereas LIF can be seen as a means to normalize TF term frequency. We call this the root dataset. For each rank in the interleaved list a coin is flipped to decide which ranker assigns the next document. is done by performing a breadth-first search that considers all successor vertices of a given vertex first before expanding further. Correlations were measured using the Pearson's correlation coefficient. This ensures that each reference trajectory will affect only the corresponding joint angle and that robust steady-state tracking occurs for a class of reference trajectories and torque disturbances  , as will be discussed later. As mentioned in Section 3.2  , a parameter is required to determine the semantic relatedness knowledge provided by the auxiliary word embeddings. Reference-based indexing 7  , 11  , 17  , 36  can be considered as a variation of vector space indexing. Our approach provides a novel point of view to Wikipedia quality classification. That is  , all statistics that one computes from the completed database should be as close as possible to those of the original data. As shown in Figure 1  , the auxiliary word embeddings utilized in GPU-DMM is pre-learned using the state-of-the-art word embedding techniques from large document collections. We present optimization strategies for various scenarios of interest. Our approach is independent of stemmers  , part of speech taggers and parsers. The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function  , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. The transfer function matrix Gi is expressed as follows; We design the transfer function matrix G; similar to the case of previous section. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. Please note in all of the experiments  , PAMM-NTN was configured to direct optimize the evaluation measure of α-NDCG@20. An interesting property of hierarchical feature maps is the tremendous speed-up as compared to the self-organizing map. Since optimization of queries is expensive   , it is appropriate that we eliminate queries that are not promising  , i.e. Table 2adds an additional level of detail to the PRODUCT → PRODUCT DETAILS structure introduced in Fig. Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. Game theory assumes that the players of a game will pursue a rational strategy. Subsequently  , the starting parameters which yield the best optimization result of the 100 trials is taken as global optimium. In this approach  , the first step is computing the similarities between the source user and other users. Experiments for English and Dutch MoIR  , as well as for English-to-Dutch and Dutch-to-English CLIR using benchmarking CLEF 2001-2003 collections and queries demonstrate the utility of our novel MoIR and CLIR models based on word embeddings induced by the BWESG model. Once the relevant pictograms are selected  , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. The primary contribution of this work is increased understanding of effectiveness measures based on explicit user models. Variational EM alternates between updating the expectations of the variational distribution q and maximizing the probability of the parameters given the " observed " expected counts. For example  , using gray level histogram  , a checker-board b/w pattern of 2x2 squares will have the same entropy as one with 4x4 squares covering an equal area although the latter contains more information. The likelihood function for the t observations is: Consequently  , one would expect dynamic programming to always produce better query plans for a given tree shape. We present a probabilistic model for the retrieval of multimodal documents. We present our applied approach  , detailed system implementation and experimental results in the context of Facebook in Section 6. As FData and RData have different feature patterns  , the combination of both result in better performance. IMRank2 consistently provides better influence spread than PMIA and IRIE  , and runs faster than them. To be more specific  , we add a virtual node which connects to all known nodes. However  , the precision of LD worsens with increases in missing data proportions. is NP-complete. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. The results from the initial workshops were encouraging and the method was taken into use in several other teams  , too. To achieve over 0.9 recall  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 while achieving similar time efficiencies. We first analyzed the theoretical property of kernel LSH KLSH. Similar to the Mann-Whitney test  , it does not assume normal distributions of the population and works well on samples with unequal sizes. One promising method is LCS longest common subsequence and another skipgrams 8. Although breadth-first search crawling seems to be a very natural crawling strategy  , not all of the crawlers we are familiar with employ it. In the following  , we outline correspondences between elements of BMEcat and GoodRelations and propose a mapping between the BMEcat XML format and the GoodRelations vocabulary. Likewise   , the number of movies a person has rated is a very good method on the implicit rating prediction GROC plot. Our results lead us to conclude that parameter settings can indeed have a large impact on the performance of defect prediction models  , suggesting that researchers should experiment with the parameters of the classification techniques . In the information retrieval domain  , the systems are based on three basic models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model. It does not occur in an operational CLIR setting. The CS presented in this paper implements a new approach for supporting dynamic and virtual collections  , it supports the dynamic creation of new collections by specifying a set of definition criteria and make it possible to automatically assign to each collection the specialized services that operate on it. Unlike semantic score features and semantic expansion features which are query-biased  , document quality features are tended to estimate the quality of a tweet. We also studied the impact of spelling normalization and stemming on Arabic CLIR. Cost-based query optimization techniques for XML 22  , 29 are also related to our work. The second source of phrase data is iVia's PhraseRate keyphrase assignment engine 13. We apply generic Viterbi search techniques to efficiently find a near-optimal summary 7. Periodically  , the fast Fourier transform FFT yields a signal spectrum: But the bcst way is to determine TI and T2 directly in DSP from input data array xn. A bad initial ranking prefers nodes with low influence. Therefore  , we have 0  , 1. It was noted that few imputation methods outperformed the mean mode imputation MMI  , which is widely used. Manually built models consist mainly of text patterns  , carefully created  , tested and maintained by domain and linguistic experts. The transfer function is assumed as the diagonal matrix  , so that the Phase deg Frequency Hz x-output y-output z-output If the model fitting has increased significantly  , then the predictor is kept. The final results show Q2 being used for root-finding instead of optimization. By contrast to 5  , which uses MCMC to obtain samples from the model posterior  , we utilize L-BFGS 18 to directly maximize the model log-probability. In general  , the optimization problem 17 can be locally solved using numerical gradient-descent methods. An end-user application resembling Twitter's current search interface might apply a threshold on the tweet retrieval score and only show tweets above some threshold in chronological order. Initial weight ,s are typically set to i. It relies on detecting a main entity  , which is used to subdivide the query graph into subgraphs  , that are ordered and matched with pre-defined message types. the selected documents in Sr−1  , as defined in Equation 4  , and S0 is an empty set. The first method is to take the fast Fourier transform FFT of the impulse response for Table 2: Characteristic frequencies for link 2 a given impulse command. This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. In order to design the controller  , we need to have the transfer function matrix of the robotic subsystem sampled with period T , ,. Edsger Dijkstra has written eloquently of " our inability to do much " 5. Another 216 words returned the same results for the three semantic relevance approaches. dmax equals to the largest indegree among all nodes when l = 1. This would require extending the described techniques  , and creating new QA benchmarks. With this approach  , the weights of the edges are directly multiplied into the gradients when the edges are sampled for model updating. For this  , we measured the performance on large BSBM and LUBM data sets while varying the number of nodes used. Our approach constructs an item group based pairwise preference for the specific ranking relations of items and combine it with item based pairwise preference to formalise a novel framework PRIGPPersonalized Ranking with Item Group based Pairwise preference learning . to any application. Therefore  , the key issue seems to be getting the teams to try out RaPiD7 long enough to see the benefits realizing. The hierarchy among the maps is established as follows. We submitted two classification runs: RFClassStrict and RFClassLoose. Multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies   , however  , are an underrepresented class of CLIR resources. We believe that our results can guide implementors of search engines  , making it clear what scoring functions may make it hard for a client meta-broker to merge information properly  , and making it clear how much the meta-broker needs to know about the scoring function. We use the formula to get the Pearson correlation between the two data sets  , Document-level TRDR performance scores are computed for each question and for both methods. We took great care to match the SHORE/C++ implementation as closely as possible  , including using the same C library random number generator and initializing it with the same seed so as to generate the same sequence of random numbers used to build the OO7 benchmark database and to drive the benchmark traversals. NL interfaces are attractive for their ease-of-use  , and definetely have a role to play  , but they suffer from a weak adequacy: habitability spontaneous NL expressions often have no FL counterpart or are ambiguous  , expressivity only a small FL fragment is covered in general. We use a model that separates observed voting data into confounding factors  , such as position and social influence bias  , and article-specific factors. This is exactly the concept of Coarse-Grained Optimization CGO. The fully connected hidden layer is and a softmax add about 40k parameters. Because it assumes that individuals are outcome maximizing  , game theory can be used to determine which actions are optimal and will result in an equilibrium of outcome. While TagAssist did not outperform the original tag set  , the performance is significantly better than the baseline system without tag compression and case evaluation. It is the length of the projection of one vector onto the other unit vector. Notice that the DREAM model utilize an iterative method in learning users' representation vectors. Formally  , a normal-form game is defined as a tuple  Apriori first finds all frequent itemsets of size § before finding frequent itemsets of size § ¦ . The randomized ensemble of EMMI and FC which we shall now call FCMI achieves the highest accuracy rates compared to individual MDTs. The improvements of precision and popular tag coverage are statistically significant  , both up to more than 10%. K plsa +U + T corresponds to the results obtained when the test set was also used to learn the pLSA model  , thereby tailoring the classifiers to the task of interest transductive learning. UDCombine1. Knees et al. to the introduction of blank nodes. We investigated whether instead of emotivity  , the diversity of emotions expressed could be related to high status. Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in HARP78 ,VANR77 Finally. In this section  , we will extend the above joint word-image embedding model to address our problem. The tasks compared the result 'click' distributions where the length of the summary was manipulated. the search procedure is breadth first search which examines all the nodes on one level of the tree before any nodes of the next level ignoring the goal distance Ac. Furthermore  , resources aggregated in a collection can be found more easily than if they were disjoint. Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input  , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. The study used a structuring method  , in which those words that were derived from the same Finnish word were grouped into the same facet. Other methods require  , in fact  , setting the dwell time threshold before the model is actually built. The Shannon entropy of a clickstream S u i α k is thus Overall  , English-French CLIR was very effective  , achieving at least 90% of monolingual MAP when translation alternatives with very low probability were excluded. Mechanism design is a branch of game theory aiming at designing a game so that it can attain the designer's social objective after being played for a certain period or when it reaches an equilibrium state  , assuming all players are rational. Uncertainties/entropies of the two distributions can be computed by Shannon entropy: Let Y denote posterior changed probabilities after certain information is known: Y = y1  , y2  , . BSBM generates a query mix based on 12 queries template and 40 predicates.  We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. is implemented as a rule-based system. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. Due to space limitation  , we will not enumerate these results here. This approach uses intuition similar to He's work on CLIR 9. The CCF between two time series describes the normalized cross covariance and can be computed as: A common measure for the correlation is the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient. Given an initial series of computation to construct ξ ij and a starting covariance Λ 0 = Λ s i as an input parameter  , repeated queries of the effect of a series of controls and observations can be calculated efficiently. As a branch of applied mathematics  , game theory thus focuses on the formal consideration of strategic interactions  , such as the existence of equilibriums and economic applications 6. The p − value expresses the probability of obtaining the computed correlation coefficient value by chance. On both datasets  , the feature weight shows that powerful users tend to express a more varied range of emotions. Audio signals consists of a time-series of samples  , which we denote as st. Experimental studies show that this basic LSH method needs over a hundred 13 and sometimes several hundred hash tables 6 to achieve good search accuracy for high-dimensional datasets. Map Size " denotes to the height and width of the convolutional feature maps to be pooled. " There is a generator of random changes which is a procedure that takes a random step from λ to λ + Δλ. By limiting the complexity of the model  , we discourage over-fitting. However  , for BSBM dataset  , DFSS outperforms ITRMS for both scalability experiments see Figure 4c and Figure 5a. The LSTM configuration is illustrated in Figure 2b. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. This problem can be formulated as longest common subsequence LCS problem 8. We demonstrate that Flat-COTE is significantly better than both deep learning approaches. Figure 2billustrates the highest and second highest bid in the test set  , items that we did not observe when fitting the model. The RNN with LSTM units consists of memory cells in order to store information for extended periods of time. The relation between deep learning and emotion is given in Sect. In a recent theoretical study 22  , Panigrahy proposed an entropy-based LSH method that generates randomly " perturbed " objects near the query object  , queries them in addi-tion to the query object  , and returns the union of all results as the candidate set. Logical query optimization uses equalities of query expressions to transform a logical query plan into an equivalent query plan that is likely to be executed faster or with less costs. A random forest 5  is then built using original and random contrast variables and the variable importance is calculated for all variables. , number of extra hash buckets to check  , for the multiprobe LSH method and the entropy-based LSH method. , Pearson correlation with true AP. 1for an example spectrogram. Wu et al. The evaluation is based on the QALD 5 benchmark on DBpedia 6 10 . Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in Thus  , it helps IMRank to converge to a good ranking if influential nodes are initially ranked high. The notion of using algebraic transformations for query optimization was originally developed for the relational algebra. DBSCAN parameters were set to match the expected point density of the bucket surface. In sum  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. This is normal because the cache has a limited size and the temporal locality of the cache reduce its utility. Ranking is the central part of many applications including document retrieval  , recommender systems  , advertising and so on. portant drawbacks with lineage for information exchange and query optimization using views. The inspection result is assumed to be fixed. This can be perceived from results already. requiring a minimum of 90 samples given the population of 1376 products in the BMEcat. a =in order Eps' . The multitask case was thought to be more demanding because more obstacles and paths must be accommodated using the same  , limited parameter space that was used individual task optimization  , meaning that the number of well fit solutions should decrease markedly. Channels and variables may either be local or global. Experiment 1. The other methods such as LIF and LIB*TF emphasize term frequency in each document and  , with the ability to associate one document to another by assigning term weights in a less discriminative manner  , were able to achieve better recalls. BMEcat allows to specify products using vendor-specific catalog groups and features  , or to refer to classification systems with externally defined categories and features. The resulting groups are then used to define the memberships of modules. A brief introduction to word embedding. , n  , IMRank eventually converges to a self-consistent ranking within a finite number of iterations  , starting from any initial ranking. These interactions are the estimated essential interactions. Similarly  , the average improvement in Pearson correlation rises from 7% to 14% on average. News has traditionally been delivered in pre-packaged forms originally in newspapers   , which h a ve subsequently been joined by radio and television broadcasts  , and most recently by internet news services. The log-likelihood function could be represented as:   , YN }  , we need to estimate the optimal model setting Θ = {λ k } K k=1   , which maximizes the conditional likelihood defined in Eq1 over the training set. In this work  , we show that the database centric probabilistic retrieval model has various interesting properties for both automatic image annotation and semantic retrieval. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. Hence  , it helped improve precision-oriented effectiveness. However  , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D still discriminates most other ranks we find this by limiting the set of query sessions  , which are used to compute the vector states sr  , to query sessions generated by queries of similar frequencies and having a particular set of clicks. IW is a simple way to deal with tensor windows by fitting the model independently. According to Hull and Grefenstette 1996 human translation in CLIR experiments is an additional source of error. The learning rate is also fasterFig.4. As we can see  , ≈40 % of calls are handled by the local cache  , regardless the number of clients. Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. This crucial benefit of graphs recently led to an emerging interest in graph based data mining 7. During the ARA* search  , the costs for applying a motion primitive correspond to the length of the trajectory and additionally depend on the proximity to obstacles.   , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. , FemaleHeadsOf- Government and HostCitiesOfTheSummerOlympicGames. Boolean assertions in programming languages and testing frameworks embody this notion. Thus  , the smaller the p-value  , the Pearson correlation is more statistically significant. Overall  , we find that there is only a weak correlation 0.157 between snippet viewing time and relevance. Accurate effort prediction is a challenge in software engineering. We used the simplex downhill method Nelder and Mead 1965 for the minimization. Games such as Snakes and Ladders  , Tic-Tac-Toe  , and versions of Chess have all been explored from a game theory perspective. By emphasizing the discriminative power specificity of a term  , LIB reduces weights of terms commonly shared by unrelated documents  , leading to fewer of these documents being grouped together smaller false positive and higher precision. the probabilistic model offers justification for various methods that had previously been used in automatic retrieval environments on an empirical basis. LSTM models are defined as follows: given a sequence of inputs  , an LSTM associates each position with input  , forget  , and output gates  , denoted as it  , ft  , and ot respectively. All runs are compared to pLSA. Then  , the following relation exists between However  , this extended method makes the problem of finding the optimal combination of DMP values even trickier and ultimately unmanageable for most human administrators. The robot then uses a Dijkstra-based graph search 20 to find the shortest path to the destination. This paper focuses on comparing the basic  , entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods in the case that the index data structure fits in main memory. DBSCAN has two parameters: Eps and MinPts. Also  , the greater their number  , the higher the relevance. Probabilistic facts model extensional knowledge. The above likelihood function can then be maximized with respect to its parameters. Semantic query optimization is well motivated in the literature6 ,5 ,7  , as a new dimension to conventional query optimization. In particular  , we will test how well our approach carries over to different types of domains. 1. Each self-folding hinge must be approximately 10 mm long or folding will not occur  , limiting the total minimum size of the mechanism. Intuitively  , affirmative negated words are mapped to the affirmative negated representations  , which can be used to predict the surrounding words and word sentiment in affirmative negated context. A typical CNN has one or more convolutional/max pooling layer pairs followed by one or more fully connected layers  , and finally a softmax layer. Mid-query re-optimization  , progressive optimization  , and proactive re-optimization instead initially optimize the entire plan; they monitor the intermediate result sizes during query execution  , and re-optimize only if results diverge from the original estimates. However  , there are a number of requirements that differ from the traditional materialized view context. Deterministic methods exploit heuristics which consider the component characteristics to configure the system structure 35. 5 BSBM is currently focused on SPARQL queries  , therefore we plan to develop a set of representative SPARQL/Update operations to cover all features of our approach. 6  reports on a rule-based query optimizer generator  , which was designed for their database generator EXODUS 2. The term discrimination model has been criticised because it does not exhibit well substantiated theoretical properties. Under the bag-of-words assumption  , the generative probability of word w in document d is obtained through a softmax function over the vocabulary: SemSearch ES queries that look for particular entities by their name are the easiest ones  , while natural language queries TREC Entity  , QALD-2  , and INEX-LD represent the difficult end of the spectrum. in folding the black Jean material  , the folding edge does not stay at the position that it is left by the gripper but it slides back by 1-2cm. The other feature we try to simulate for social robots is the ability to find the regions with most information. Smaller clusters are less easily interpretable  , but their existence indicates that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also operates with concepts that are not hard-coded in PGM-based click models. We show that the proposed general framework has a close relationship with the Pairwise Support Vector Machine. Applications for alignments other than CLIR  , such as automatic dictionary extraction  , thesaurus generation and others  , are possible for the future. KLSH provides a powerful framework to explore arbitrary kernel/similarity functions where their underlying embedding only needs to be known implicitly. The evaluation shows the difficulty of the task  , as well as the promising results achieved by the new method. All correlations with an absolute value larger than 0.164 are statistically significant at p < 0.05. It shows PLSA can capture users' interest and recommend questions effectively. Instead of evaluating every distinct word or document during each gradient step in order to compute the sums in equations 9 and 10  , hierarchical softmax uses two binary trees  , one with distinct documents as leaves and the other with distinct words as leaves. Having computed the topical distribution of each individual tweet  , we can now estimate an entire profile's topical diversity and do so by using the Shannon diversity theorem entropy: autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. Current approaches of learning word embedding 2  , 7  , 15  focus on modeling the syntactic context. To exploit statistics on views we can leverage existing system infrastructure built to support materialized views. Speaking of the allow-or-charge area  , the quantity scale defined in BMEcat is divided into the actual quantity scale and the functional discount that has to be applied  , too. where λi's are the model parameters we need to estimate from the training data. The type of the tax is set to TurnoverTax  , since all taxes in BMEcat are by definition turnover taxes. However  , when high spatial autocorrelation occurs  , traditional metrics of correlation such as Pearson require independent observations and cannot thus be directly applied. Basically  , DBSCAN is based on notion of density reachability. Based on this observed transition and reward the Q-function is updated using This enables a principled integration of the thesaurus model and a probabilistic retrieval model. Even for rather large numbers of daily updates  , e.g. Because of the formulation  , Spearman rank correlation coefficients are unsuitable for comparisons between distributions with highly unequal scales  , such as the case for comparing classes set cardinality 2 and continuous features. This is demonstrated by a set of experiments the we carried out on a CYCLADES configuration that was working on 62 OAI compliant archives. Kendall's τ evaluates the correlation of two lists of items by counting their concordant and discordant pairs. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios   , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought 5. This approach  , however  , works only for common encoding patterns for range values in text. Furthermore  , since NST@Self actually measures an individual's aspiration for variety  , we compared two model-free methods widely adopted in information theory: shannon 37  , which calculates the conditional entropy. It uses a transform similar to the Fast Fourier Transform  , which reduces convolution to pointwise addition. The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. Finally  , the most complex query Show me all songs from Bruce Springsteen released between 1980 and 1990 contains a date range constraint and was found too hard to answer by all systems evaluated in the QALD evaluation 5. Internally  , the framework builds up a microscopic representation of the system based on these observations as well as on a list of interactions of interest specified by the user. The next section presents our method based on term proximity to score the documents. A notable feature of the Fuhr model is the integration of indexing and retrieval models. , are provided by the Access Service itself. This affects the time spent in search for related candidates of a word not present in training data. We plan to study these issues in the near future. This model shows that documents should be ranked according to the score These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. For QALD-4 dataset  , it was observed that 21 out of 24 queries with their variations were correctly fitted in NQS. In summary  , several conclusions can be drawn from the experi- ments. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. For mental demand the differences were found to be significant  We will revisit and evaluate some representative retrieval models to examine how well they work for finding related articles given a seed article. , the parameters of the LSTM block and the parameters of the function F·  , are learned during training. Multi-query optimization detects common inter-and intra-query subexpressions and avoids redundant computation 10  , 3  , 18  , 19. Lee and Hwang attempt to develop a concep‐ tual bridge from game theory to interactive control of a social robot 11. In computa­ tional geometry  , there are various paper folding problems as well 25. To represent a specific node in S  , previous work tries to find matches in the skipgram model for every phrase  , and average the corresponding vectors 9. They investigate the applicability of common query optimization techniques to answer tree-pattern queries. Summing over query sessions  , the resulting approximate log-likelihood function is special effects. A contextaware Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. The controller is based on the real-time dynamic programming technique of Barto  , Bradtke & Singh 1994 . One issue is that the true pignistic Shannon entropy on intermediate combined evidence structures is not available. The joint motion can be obtained by local optimization of a single performance criterion or multiple criteria even though local methods may not yield the best joint trajectory. Furthermore the LSH based method E2LSH is proposed in 20. In this section  , we evaluate the proposed LRSRI approach for solving the effort data missing problem empirically. Specifically  , in this work  , we propose a multi-rate temporal deep learning model that jointly optimizes long-term and short-term user interests to improve the recommendation quality. One of the best known LSH methods for handling 1 distances is based on stable distributions 2. Table entries are set according to the scoring model of the search engine; thus  , At ,d is the score of document d for term t. This provides a measure of the quality of executing a state-action pair. The probabilistic model of retrieval 20 does this very clearly  , but the language model account of what retrieval is about is not that clear. Each self-folding sheet was baked in an oven. By using the imported surface model  , the personal fitting function is thought to be realized. QALD-2 has the largest number of queries with no performance differences  , since both FSDM and SDM fail to find any relevant results for 28 out of 140 queries from this fairly difficult query set. NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also memorizes whether a user clicked on the first document. distributions amounts to fitting a model with squared loss. We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. user-based and itembased methods  , using the Pearson correlation to measure the similarity. Computing the dK-2 distributions is also a factor  , but rarely contributes more than 1 hour to the total fitting time. multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the entropy-based approach by a factor of 7.0  , 5.5  , and 6.0 respectively for the three recall values  , while reducing the query time by half. Perhaps the best example of a  It also permits nodes which can represent topographical cues to be freely added and/or removed. The last line is explicitly fitting a mixedeffects model using the function lme in the nlme package. All 24 out of 24 QALD-4 queries  , with all there syntactic variations  , were correctly fitted in NQS  , giving a high sensitivity to structural variation. The literature on missing data 1 ,12 ,18 provides several methods for data imputation that can be used for this purpose. , 1975. The idea behind EasyEnsemble is quite simple. Our results have practical implications to search engine companies. Second  , we have looked at only one measure of predictive performance in our empirical and theoretical work  , and the choice of evaluation criterion is necessarily linked to what we might mean by predictability. Though real-time dynamic programming converges to an optimal solution quickly  , several modifications are proposed to further speed-up the convergence. However  , we will keep the nested logit terminology since it is more prevalent in the discrete choice literature. The goal in RaPiD7 is to benefit the whole project by creating as many of the documents as possible using RaPiD7. If the predicate belongs to the profile  , the frequency of this predicate is incremented by one and the timestamp associated to this entry is updated. In the three semantic relevance approaches 4  , 5  , and 6  , a cutoff value of 0.5 was used. Note that the likelihood function is just a function and not a probability distribution. Fu and Guo 2 proposed a method to learn taxonomy structure via word embedding. From the experimental results   , we can see that SAE model outperforms other machine learning methods. It can be seen that Q-learning incorporated with DYNA or environmental·information reduce about 50 percent of the number of steps taken by the agent. We estimate that DBSCAN also runs roughly 15 times faster and show the estimated running time of DBSCAN in the following table as a function of point set cardinality. We choose the Shannon entropy as the opthising functional. i.e.