This set of items is a complete description of what the mobile robot can see during its runs. a syntactic component . According to 19  , there is a benefit to laying out photos based on visual similarity  , although that study dealt with visual similarity instead of similar contents. Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels  , product classes  , properties  , value instances  , and top-level classes for each product ontology. All these experiments have like ours  , been done on the CACM document collection and the dependencies derived from queries were then used in a probabilistic model for retrieval. There are several rounds of user interactions in a search session. Experimental results show the PLSA model works effectively for recommending questions. The %bust Perfornlance Problem RPP 20 is solved  , c.e. The mutual exclusion relation is simply the diagonal set of Σ 0 × Σ 0   , meaning that different events in Σ 0 could fire simultaneously. We believe that much information about patterns can be retrieved by analyzing the names of identifiers and comments. The rationale for this choice  , as well as the underlying mathematics  , is described in detail later in this article. The regularizer with coefficient λ > 0 is used to prevent model over-fitting. Moreover   , there is no significant correlation between B and the number of relevant documents Pearson r = 0.059. Tables 1 and 2 show the correlation coefficients in terms of K. Tau  , SP. Rho and Pearson for a subset of predictors . The dataset comprises a set of approximately one million queries selected uniformly at random from the search sessions. Parameter q specifies the sentiment information from how many preceding days are considered  , and K indicates the number of hidden sentiment factors used by S-PLSA to represent the sentiment information. Our future work will study emotion-specific word embeddings for lexicon construction using deep learning. Since they end with the word died  , we use pattern matching to remove them from the historic events. In the test stage  , we use 2000 random samples as queries and the rest samples as the database set to evaluate the retrieval performance. For each given query  , we use this SEIFscore to rank search engines. Given two ranked lists of items  , the Spearman correlation coefficient 11 is defined as the Pearson correlation coefficient between the ranks i.e. The primary advantage over the implicit integration method of Anitescu and Potra is the lower running time that such alternative methods can yield  , as the results in Table Ican testify. The rectangles labeled LSTM denote the long short-term memory block 20 that is used to alleviate the vanishing and exploding gradient problem 2. Such standards can significantly help to improve the automatic exchange of data. Due to the low detection ratios  , Q-learning did not always converge to the correct basket. Search options and all information needed to use the search box must be placed before the box since the screen reader cannot " jump " back and forth as the eyes could. Therefore the final gradient λ new a of a document a within the objective function is obtained over all pairs of documents that a participates in for query q: In general  , for our purposes 2   , it is sufficient to state that LambdaMART's objective function is based upon the product of two components: i the derivative of a crossentropy that originates from the RankNet learning to rank technique 3 calculated between the scores of two documents a and b  , and ii the absolute change ∆M in an evaluation measure M due to the swapping of documents a and b 4. Streemer on the other hand first finds candidate clusters and then only merges them if the resulting cluster is highly cohesive. Opposite of the closed loop forward transfer function   , the impedance at low frequency is equal to zero. We begin with a brief introduction to word embedding techniques and then motivate how can these be applied in IR. In order to demonstrate self-folding  , a design was chosen that incorporates the four requirements listed above: the inchworm robot shown in Fig. If a trajectory of a person is observed from tracking people function  , we search the nearest 5 clusters to the trajectory and merge likelihood of each exception map to anticipate the person. As the responses of each game partner were randomized unknowingly to the participants  , the attribution of intention or will to an opponent i.e. We have shown an efficient and robust method for recomputing 3-d Minkowski sums of convex polyhedra under rotation. We thus avoid training and testing on the same dataset. A Basic Graph Pattern is a set of statement patterns. This section is divided into four subsections. In the procedure for converting an SDTD into an XVPA defined in Theorem 1  , we chose a deterministic finite state automaton Dm corresponding to every regular expression dm. In this paper  , we look at CLIR from a statistical modelling perspective  , similarly to how the problems of part-of-speech tagging  , speech recognition  , and machine translation have been  , successfully  , approached. Their results further showed the importance of choosing an appropriate k value when using such a technique. Finally  , the GETHEURISTIC function is called on every state encountered by the search. As there are currently no commercial or academic crosslingual location search systems available  , we construct a baseline  , using our transliteration system and the commercial location search engines referred to as  , T + CS listed above  , as follows: we first transliterate each of the test queries in Arabic  , Hindi and Japanese to English using our transliteration engine  , and then send the four highest ranked transliteration candidates to the three commercial location search engines. The real execution time of the conversion functions depends on the implementation strategy chosen as it will be described in Figure 1: Schema evolution until time t4. The camera-totarget distance remains constant when the target horizontally translates in a plane parallel to the camera's image plane and simple perspective is used for the image-to-task space mapping. Search Pad is automatically triggered at query time when a search mission is identified. The choice of a stack indicates our preference for a 'depth-first-search' exploration from the starting assembled configuration. Both NUS and NIfWP queries were divided into two subtypes  , structured and unstructured queries. These services organize procedures into a subsystem hierarchy  , by hierarchical agglomerative cluster- ing. The features include text similarity   , folder information  , attachments and sender behavior. Fig.13shows the bode plot of the transfer function. Our expansion procedure worked by first submitting the topic title to answer.com  , and then using the result page for query expansion. This example implementation assumes the SAGE RL module uses Q-learning 9 . The only difference is that Baseline is under PLSA formalism and our model is in SAGE formalism. The humanjudged labels indicated that users of search engines are more willing to click on suggestions that could potentially lead to more diversified search results  , but still within the same user search intent. These advertisements appear in a dedicated area of the search results page  , each one in a particular fixed subarea  , or slot. Contributions of this paper are centered around four analytical query approaches listed in the following – We compare the performance of traditional relational approaches RDBMS / ROLAP and of using a triple store and an RDF representation closely resembling the tabular structure OLAP4LD-SSB. For example  , to switch the implementations in myStack declaration  , only a local modification is necessary as shown below: Once a Stack with appropriate features is created  , the operations of the base type stack push  , pop  , empty can be called directly as in the call below: myStack.push"abc"; In general  , a cast is needed to call an enhanced operation  , though it can be avoided if only one enhancement is added: SearchCapabilitymyStack.search; This flexibility allows implementations to be changed  , at a single location in the code. This may be achieved by canceling the poles and zeros of the closed-loop system. Therefore  , to estimate the novelty of the information provided by each trail source  , we first had to construct a model of each user's general interest in the query topic based on historic data. In practice  , an expansion term may act on the query in dependence with other terms  , and their weights may be different. As previously  , we define a transfer function between the inter distance and the additional risk. After the folding  , path T becomes undirected  , hence any of the remaining paths forms a cycle with END Note that in the case when two nodes are connected by more than one path  , it is sufficient to fold only one of them  , say path T   , for transforming the whole subgraph into a chained component. A closer look at the transfer function T shows that it has two zeroes at FO  , and can be well approximated b\s the following expression: As there is an intersection of the plot with the negative real axis  , the method of the describing function predicts the oscillation. The term selection relies on the overall similarity between the query concept and terms of the collection rather than on the similarity between a query term and the terms of the collection. In principle  , the optimal K should provide the best trade-off between fitting bias and model complexity. Similiar to interface automata 8   , UCML takes an optimistic view on compatibility   , that means  , interfaces do not have to be a perfect match to be compatible  , but in contrast to interface automata this is not achieved by finding an environment which is compatible via the game theory. We are focusing on driving frequencies significantly less than the servo valve bandwidth. Furthermore  , our empirical work suggests that in the case of unambiguous queries for which conventional IR techniques are sufficient  , NAR reduces to standard IR automatically. Corpus based methods have also been investigated independent of dictionaries. Figure 6shows the Nyquist plot of the three different rotary joint plant models representing the nominal plant described by the transfer function of Eq. Figure 8shows an example of this technique in action. Since ORN is a graph model that carries informative semantics about an image  , the graph distance between ORNs can serve as an effective measurement of the semantic similarity between images. Figure 4shows the theoretical and experimental values for the bode plot of G ,. Query translation  , which aims to translate queries in one language into another used in documents  , has been widely adopted in CLIR. Dudek and Zhang 3 used a vision system to model the environment and extract positioning information. In this section we present the empirical results of SSDB- SCAN and compare it with DBSCAN and HISSCLU. The subgraph returned by BFS usually contains less vertices in the target community than the subgraph of the same size obtained by random walk technique. Our stereo-vision system has been designed specifically for QRIO. We will discuss the results in Section 6.5. Pearson and Kendall-τ correlation are used to measure the correlation of a query subset vectorˆMΦvectorˆ vectorˆMΦ  , and corresponding vector M   , calculated using the full set of 249 queries. The acronym-expansion checking function returns true if e is an expansion of a  , and false otherwise. Input vectors composed of range-to-obstacle indicators' readouts and direction-to-goal indicator readouts are partitioned into one of predefined perceptual situation classes. As can be seen  , the energy function corresponding to the optimal assignment metric yields ibetter results than the overlap metric in all cases. The summary graph of Experiment 1 Figure 6 shows that as stifmess of virtual walls increases  , performance of the size identification task improves. Therefore  , we could study i the intermediate or transition states on the pathway  , and the order in which they are ob­ tained  , or Cii the formation order of secondary structures. Our approach enables users to use whatever tools they are comfortable using. Or better still  , to discover both frequent and surprising components  , use all of the methods. Because the synibol space is continuous space and the dynainics in this space is continuous system  , the continuous change of the vector field in the inotioIi space and the continuous motion transition is realized. We evaluated the query and HTTP costs to learn certain percentage of the holdings of an archive using RSM under different profiling policies. The simulated search scenario for ENA task was as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first time that an entertainment-based search task is simulated in this way. In this paper  , decompounding German words is realized by an approach which has been employed in domain-specific CLIR 2. We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. Finally  , the Quality of Services QoS is combined with the proposed semantic method to produce a final score that reflects how semantically close the query is to available services. Explicitly  , we derive theoretical properties for the model of mining substitution rules. Although abstract action models capture the world dynamics compactly  , using them for planning is challenging: the state space in relational domains is exponential in the number of objects  , the search space of action sequences is huge  , and reasoning about actions is aggravated by the their stochasticity. The parameter vector of each ranking system is learned automatically . 4. jmignore: automatic run using language model with Jelinek-Mercer smoothing  , query expansion  , and full-text search. The first purely statistical approach uses a compiled English word list collected from various available linguistic resources. The folding problems  , especially protein folding  , have a few notable differences from usual PRM applications. Privileged statements modify the value of a passed tainted data and/or derive new instances of tainted data. We presented a deep learning methodology for human part segmentation that uses refinements based on a stack of upconvolutional layers. A sinusoidal command was given and slowly swept through the frequency range of interest. The page classifier guides the search and the crawler follows all links that belong to a page whose contents are classified as being on-topic. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. We have reviewed the newly-adopted techniques in our QA system. We run an experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M  , hosted on the same LDF server with 2 differents URLs. Incorporating individual slots' probabilities enables the bigram model to allow partial matching  , which is a characteristic of soft pattern matching. To the best of our knowledge  , the state-retention techniques and optimization of multi-branch  , multi-level correlated queries considering parameter sort orders have not been proposed or implemented earlier. We perform the pose graph optimization first  , to make all poses metric consistent. Craswell and Szum- mer 5 used click graph random walks for relevance rank in image search. In the body-part detector used by Microsoft's Xbox Kinect 1   , each pixel is classified based on depth differences of neighbouring pixels using a random forest classifier. We modify it for the purpose of automatic relevance detection  , which can be interpreted as embedded feature selection performed automatically when optimizing over the parameters of the kernel to maximize the likelihood: After empirically evaluating a number of kernel functions used in common practice  , in our implementation  , we exploit the rational quadratic function. A fourth layer is used to locally activate the contractile component  , enabling sequential and simultaneous folding. Proper nouns in a query are important than any other query terms for they seem to carry more information. Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. The evolution of the likelihood function Lθm with respect to the signal source location x s after n samples. l We found a high difference in effectiveness in the use of our systems between two groups of users. In reporting on KMS for TREC 2004  , we described in detail the major types of functions employed: XML  , linguistic  , dictionary  , summarization  , and miscellaneous string and pattern matching. LAt extracts titles from web pages and applies a carefully crafted set of regular expression patterns to these titles. In the same spirit  , the corresponding SQL queries also consider various properties such as low selectivity  , high selectivity  , inner join  , left outer join  , and union among many others. Rose starts by invoking a traditional pattern matching and lexicon based information extraction engine. We achieved convergence around 300 trees  , We also optimized the percentage of features to be considered as candidates during node splitting  , as well as the maximum allowed number of leaf nodes. This is directly confirmed in the reported results in 59  , in which in half of the case study the average number of fitness evaluations per run is at most 41  , thus implying that  , on average  , appropriate patches are found in the random initialization of the first population before the actual evolutionary search even starts. Kumar and Spafford 10 applied subsequence pattern matching to intrusion detection. For example  , a search for naval architecture returns 154 books in the Internet Archive search interface  , and 350 books in the Hathi Trust search interface. We first show that the score distributions for a given query may be modeled using an exponential distribution for the set of non-relevant documents and a normal distribution for the set of relevant documents. We are however not interested in abstract structures like regular expressions   , but rather in structures in terms of user-defined domains . From this it appears that the effects of random walk searches produce equivalent results as an exhaustive search. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. Therefore  , we replace the equivalence with a weaker condition of similarity. For instance  , we can recommend first to users that on average rate movies higher in order to obtain better-than-random rating imputation GROC performance . Answer extraction methods applied are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . Implementation We have developed a prototype tool for coverage refinement . If the search session failed to be classified as either re-finding or exploratory search  , it was classified as single search session. Each drive system is modeled by a discrete time transfer function  , expressed as a numerator and a denominator polynomial. This approach assumes a competitive game that ensures safety by computing the worst case strategies for the pursuer and evader. In order to automatically create a 3D model of an unknown object  , first the workspace of the robot needs to be explored in search for the object. Finally  , if all the operators in Figure 4are transfer function matrices  , then the stability bound is shown by inequality 25. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , there have been no attempts to prefetch RDF data based on the structure of sequential related Sparql queries within and across query sessions. Especially the latter poses a challenge  , as YAGO categories tend to be very specific and complex e.g. Figure 1 shows a truncated example page of Google Search results for the query " coughs. " The use of hidden factors provides the model the ability to accommodate the intricate nature of sentiments  , with each hidden factor focusing on one specific aspect. The coefficients co and cl are estimated through the maximization of a likelihood function L  , built in the usual fashion   , i.e. In generally  , search related user behavior can be classified into three categories: the usage frequency and how frequently users using or reusing the search engine in order to accomplish their search tasks. The Reverse Dijkstra heuristic is as described in Section 3.2.3 and shows significant improvement. Note  , however  , that  , in contrast to group commit  , our method does not impose any delays on transaction commits other than the log I/O Itself. aspects. The pairs with the highest likelihood can then be expected to represent instances of succession. We should note that all those complex tasks cannot be identified by the straight-forward Rule-Q wcc baseline  , so that the newly defined task coverage metric measures how well the learning methods can generalize from the weak supervision . The amount of query expansion for the SK case was thus chosen to be less than that used for the SU case because of the interaction between the query and document expansion devices. For SJSI\4  , the two relations are each sorted al their local sites first IO increase parallelism. This has a negative impact on the performance of our deep learning model since around 40% of the word vectors are randomly initialized.  Extensive experiments on real-world datasets convincingly demonstrate the accuracy of our models. The relationships among words are embedded in their word vectors  , providing a simple way to compute aggregated semantics for word collections such as paragraphs and documents . If suffixes provide a good context for characters  , this creates regions of locally low entropy  , which can be exploited by various back-end compressors. This approach is a core of the definiton of query operators  , including selection  , projection/navigation  , join  , and quantifiers. Similarity search 15 allows users to search for pictures similar to pictures chosen as queries. The last section summarizes this work and outlines directions for future work. The Pearson correlation between coverage of a sub-field and percentage of triggered changes is 0.252. For each token  , we look for the longest pattern of token features that matches with pattern rules. The advantage of the vector space computation is that it is simpler and faster. An age-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for the identification of de-identified age groups mentioned in visits. Using the expectations as well as uncertainties from our fingerprint model inside the new likelihood function  , we evaluate the influence of the new observation model in comparison to our previous results 1. One salient feature of our modeling is the judicious use of hyperparameters  , which can be recursively updated in order to obtain up-to-date posterior distribution and to estimate new model parameters. Nevertheless  , configurations MAY and MAY × MUST overall reach significantly fewer bounds than PV for instance  , the max-stack bound is never reached by pruning verified parts of the search space. An interesting future direction is incorporating more theories of human motivation from psychology and human-computer interaction into formal game theory and mechanism design problems. Folding intermediates have been an active research area over the last few years. The main contributions of the paper are: More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. Among the perspective-taking tests are the Perspective-Taking Ability PTA Test  , a computer-based test developed from the work described in 10  , and the Purdue Spatial Visualizations test: Visualization of Views PSVV  , a paper-and pencil test found in 8. However  , when MRD translation was supplemented with parts-of-speech POS disambiguation  , or POS and corpus-based disambiguation   , CLIR queries performed much better. During our developement work we investigated the impact of various system parameters on the IR results including: the transcriber speed  , the epoch of the texts used for query expansion   , the query expansion term weighting strategy  , the query length  , and the use of non-lexical information. The history in the context of which an event expression is evaluated provides the sequence of input symbols to the automaton implementing the event expression. 14  recently analyze places and events in a collection of geotagged photos using DBSCAN. Examining users' geographic foci of attention for different queries is potentially a rich source of data for user modeling and predictive analytics. We first obtain the ground-truth of search intents for each eventdriven query. Given this observation  , we are interested in the question: is regularized pLSA likely to outperform non-regularized pLSA no matter the value of K we select ? An autoencoder can also have hidden layer whose size is greater than the size of input layer. This section describes the implementation of the model fitting system and informal evaluations performed with volunteer operators. For any basic action for inside-out grasping  , we woiild like to show that the corresponding transfer function is monotonic. We can have the following joint model for citations based on documents in different types: We developed our model based on PLSA 4. In this work  , we show that the database centric probabilistic retrieval model has various interesting properties for both automatic image annotation and semantic retrieval. We have proved that the forbidden region of an obstacle can be computed only by mapping the boundary of the obstacle using the derived mapping function. In this case  , since the shoulder line was almost vertical and did not give any clues on the tangent direction of the part  , the direction of the grip coordinates determined from the model shape was used as it was. Finally  , Section 5 describes our future plans. In the following  , the probabilistic model for distributed IR is experimentally evaluated with respect to the retrieval effectiveness . The argument to the PATH-IS function is a regular expression made up from operation names. For each  , we obtained matching queries from a uniform random sample of all recent search queries submitted to the search engine in the United States. Moreover  , the self-organidng map was used in 29 for text claeaiflcation. Although uol. One typical tree model has 10 layers and 16 terminal nodes. High dimensional data may contain diierent aspects of similarity. The increase in search space can also be seen in the size of the resulting lattice. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. However  , to capture semantics  , an expression language is needed  , such as some form of logic predicate calculus  , description logic  , algebra relational algebra  , arithmetic  , or formal language regular expressions  , BNF. Care was taken to avoid over fitting and to ensure that the learnt trees were not lopsided. We employ the relative influence spread  , i.e. This mapping can be extended naturally to expressions. In 45   , several approaches to generate probabilistic string automata representing regular expressions are proposed. To obtain a usable likelihood function L  , it is required to collect a sufficient amount of real-world data to approximate the values of µ  , τ  , σ for each distribution D i . However  , the activity signatures do give a more granular picture of the work style of different workers. This prevents a sort consisting of many runs from taking too much sort space for merge buffers. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features  , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. The classical probabilistic retrieval model 16  , 13  of information retrieval has received recognition for being theoreti- Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Evaluating melodic similarity systems has been a MIREX task for several years  , including for incipit similarity specifically . For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more likely to share the same topic than randomly selected pages 23  , and movies made by the same studio are more likely to have similar box-office returns than randomly selected movies 6. The complexity of the planner is exponential on the number of joints  , and is of the order of Mn2nu   , where A4 is the discretization of the rectangular grid. Chuang and Chien proposed a technique for categorizing Web query terms from the click-through logs into a pre-defined subject taxonomy based on their popular search interests 4 . To explain user browsing behavior at lower positions  , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D considers other factors to be more important. The search node is dis-played as a textbox for full text search. The middle loop decouples the dynamics of the system reduces its transfer function to a double integrator. Moreover  , since we apply query expansion in all our submitted runs  , we also measure the above two correlation measures without query expansion  , in order to check how query expansion affects the effectiveness of our predictors. Let the values of at the end of the lift-off and transfer forward subphases be +L It'is a function of the kinematic cycle phase variable  , +  , which is used to implement periodic gaits 1 ,4 ,10. A lattice is defined over generated word sets for formulae  , and a breadth-first search starting from the query formula set is used to find similar formulae. We design the model based on the assumption that the descriptions of an entity exist at any literal node that can be reached from the resource entity node by following the paths in the graph. For our sequence of models  , the cross-validated correlation and overall correlation are about the same  , giving us some assurance that the models are not over-fitting. Then  , a grid search is used to determine C and α that maximize the likelihood function. Each of the initial seed SteamIDs was pushed onto an Amazon Simple Queue Service SQS queue. Among the more important concepts in systems  , languages  , and programming methodology during the last several years are those of data type Hoare 72  , clean control structure Dijkstra 72  , Hoare 74  , and capability-based addressing Fabry 74. The heuristic for the planner uses a 2D Dijkstra search from the goal state. The concept of program families evolved into the notion that reusable assets focused on a well-defined domain  , in the context of a domain-specific architecture  , show more promise in reducing development time 2 ,6 ,22. Thus  , there are can be no interior maxima  , and the likelihood function is thus maximized at some xv  , where the derivative is undefined. This matrix captures which pairs of patterns are collaborative and which are competitive in the context of their domain. Then  , DBSCAN visits the next object of the database D. The retrieval of density-reachable objects is performed by successive region queries. Indri structure query language model 3 is used in our two interactive runs DUTgen1 and DUTgen2. For check-in behavior  , the time-ordered check-in history of an individual corresponds to her action sequence in our general model. It can extract facts of a certain given relation from Web documents. The angle of rotation of the actuator is the commonly used collocated mea- surement. All words in the embedding space retain their " language annotations " ; although the words from two different languages are represented in the same semantic space  , we still know whether a word belongs to language LS e.g. The recent development of Cloud systems and the rapid growth of the Internet have led to a remarkable development in the use of the Game Theory tools. We could use a tool such as grep to search for this.idIndex  , but such an approach is very crude and may match statements unrelated to the crash. We explore those questions by empirically simulating IMRank with five typical initial rankings as follows  , Empirical results on the HEPT dataset under the WIC model are reported in Figure 3  , to compare the performance of IMRank with different initial rankings  , as well as the performance of those rankings alone. We define the following well-known similarity measures: the cosine similarity and Pearson correlation coefficient. Scans from a triangle of points in pose-space will project to a non-Euclidean triangle of points in eigenspace. One of the advantages of using MART is that we can obtain a list of features learned by the model  , ordered by evidential weight. Random testing  , when used to find a test case for a specific testing target e.g. SPE are path expressions that consist of only element or attribute names. The analog circuit for transfer function 28 and also software procedure 30 were realized. While NEs have been worked on extensively in IR and CLIR  , transliterated queries where the text  , in addition to NE  , is represented in the script of another language  , typically English  , have not received adequate attention. The comparison between raw-data objects is done in a pixel-by-pixel fashion. The first term in the above integrand is the measurement likelihood function  , which depends on the projection geometry and the noise model. This indicates that the OTM model  , which combines the statistical foundation of PLSA and the orthogonalized constraint  , improves topic representation of documents to a certain degree. In the following  , we give a problem formulation and provide a brief overview of learning to rank approaches. Both start with a zero recall search " helicopter volitation spare parts cheap " . Despite the two search sites coming from different brands  , the returned results were almost identical due to the nature of the search queries used see Procedure. The resulting path will have the minimum nilinher of turns i n it by definition of breadth-first search. Through our experiments  , we showed that each of the above methods leads to some improvement  , and that the combined approach significantly improves CLIR performance. The correlation coefficient is then computed for two of these vectors  , returning values in the range -1 ,+1. This model also shows the potential ability to correct the order of a question list by promoting diversified results on the camera dataset. We implemented the different methods for list materialization  , namely Random  , TopDown  , BottomUp  , and CostBased as discussed in Section 3.2.2. However  , our input data is neither as short as mentioned studies  , nor long as usual text similarity studies. Our objective is to learn a reranking function f : R d → R such that f x q ,i  provides a numerical estimate of the final relevancy of document i for query q  , where i is one of the pages in the list r retrieved by S. In order to avoid the computational cost of training the reranker at query-time  , we learn a query-independent function f : this function is trained only once during an offline training stage  , using a large collection of labeled training examples for many different queries. Section 5 evaluates five different stemming schemes and two query expansion methods. This fact is especially interesting if the data space is non-vectorial. einstein relativ-ity theory "   , " tango music composers "   , " prima ballerina bolshoi theatre 1960 " ;  QALD-2: the Question Answering over Linked Data query set contains natural language questions of 4 different types: e.g. Besides  , two issues have been studied: finding key information in topics  , and dynamic result selection. Biological swarm members often exhibit behavioral matching based on the localized group's pattern  , such that behaviors are synchronized 4. In a first step the name is converted to its unique SMILES representation: For each matching SMARTS pattern  , we set the corresponding bit to 1. Such a query can be encoded as a regular expression with each Ri combined using an " OR " clause and this regular expression based query can be issued as an advanced search to a search engine. We use this mapping to parameterize the grasp controller described in Section 3. Due to its enhanced query planner  , the tree-aware instance relies on operators to evaluate XPath location steps  , while the original instance will fall back to sort and index nested-loop join. With these feature functions  , we define the objective likelihood function as: Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 40 . The edges of the perimeter of the material are extracted  , the folding edge is identified and its X ,Y ,Z co-ordinates in the robot's base co-ordinate system are calculated. The second most matched rule is another regular expression that resulted in another 11% of the rule matches. Although not directly comparable due to different test conditions  , different searches  , etc. The transition probability is defined as a function of the Euclidean distance between each pair of points. To find a cluster  , DBSCAN starts with an arbitrary object p in D and retrieves all objects of D density-reachable from p with respect to Eps and MinPfs. Results show that in most test sets  , LDM outperforms significantly the state-of-the-art LM approaches and the classical probabilistic retrieval model. It is because 528 that  , for distributed agents  , the transitions between new rule ta ble and pa�t rule table were not simultane ous. The retrieval model integrates term translation probabilities with corpus statistics of query terms and statistics of term occurrences in a document to produce a probability of relevance for the document to the query. If the relative degree of the transfer function is not well-defined  , the performance of a controller designed using this model can be affected. In addition to the query-term most collections permit the specification of search concepts to limit the search to a certain concept. The Pearson correlation between the number of active seconds and the total number of seconds for these workers was 0.88 see Figure 7 . The composite effects of query expansion and query length suggest that WebX should be applied to short queries  , which contain less noise that can be exaggerated by Web expansion  , and non-WebX should be applied to longer queries  , which contain more information that query expansion methods can leverage. ; the maximal number of states between the initial state and another state when traversing the TS in breadth-first search BFS height; the number of transitions starting from a state and ending in another state with a lower level when traversing the TS in breadth-first search Back lvl tr. one such technique of implementing fuzzy text search for CLIR to solve the above mentioned problems. The top performing topics from each of our sort merge and log merge experiments were used to investigate the effect of truncating the result sets before merging. To remain in the scope of the use cases discussed  , the examples are chosen from the BSH BMEcat products catalog  , within the German e-commerce marketplace. From the last row in Table 6  , we can clearly see that compared with the text-only baseline  , all regularization methods can learn a better weight vector w that captures more accurately the importance of textual features for predicting the true quality on the held-out set. Keyword search is a useful way to search a collection of unstructured documents  , but is not effective with structured sources. Relational machine learning attempts to capture exactly these statistical dependencies between statements and in the following we will present an approach that is suitable to also integrate sensory information and a knowledge base. Therefore   , all these heterogeneous ranking evidences are integrated together through the proposed Deep Learning-to-Respond schema. To get a weighting function representing the likelihood Out of these  , the overall color intensity gradient image I I is set to be the maximum norm of the normalized gradients computed for each color channel see figure 4a. This change leads to learning rich and accurate representation compared to the previous model  , which freezes the word vectors while learning the document vectors. There are two types of BRF-based query expansion. Figure 4: ILI visits percentage forecasting performance on the Pearson correlation and p-value for VA and CT in 3 seasons Substantial information about Twitter data and the demographics for the five regions are shown in Table I. Two types of transfer are possible:  from one traditional function to another  , for example  , the number of employees working in distribution will be potentially increased by incoming personnel from the sales department;  from traditional work functions to new ones  , for example to positions related to the management and operation of the electronic environment e.g. The pattern matching problem in IE tasks are formally the same as definition sentence retrieval. Our approach performs gradient descent using each sample as a starting point  , then computes the goodness of the result using the obvious likelihood function. The Kendall's τ should be compared with the 0.742 correlation for ranking the TREC 2004 systems based on the TREC 2003 versus the TREC 2004 topics; the Pearson's coefficients should be compared with the 0.943 correlation on scores between the two topic sets. First we illustrate the problem and its solution in the presence of hash indices or in the absence of indices on the materialized view. One of the importance functions we consider in this paper is a decaying function  , where queries earlier in a user's context are considered less important than more recent queries. The transfer function matrix H is doubly-astic. We describe how we train the Word Embedding models in Section 5. Whenever it is found  , its random access address is remembered for the duration of the search of that subtree for S. P. P# = 200. Despite the big differences between the two language pairs  , our experiments on English- Chinese CLIR consistently confirmed these findings  , showing the proposed cross-language meaning matching technique is not only effective  , but also robust. Our search guide tool displays the search trails from three users who completed the same task. All these techniques rely on similarity functions which only use information from the input string and the target entity it is supposed to match.  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and the query  Number of occurrences of the query in the target profile's description*  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and DuckDuckGo description* Besides the relationship between the description and query  , we further searched for the organization's description from DuckDuckGo 5   , a search engine that provides the results from sources such as Wikipedia. Probabilistic facts model extensional knowledge. Such a study will help identify good candidate pivot languages. 1997 found that their corpus-based CLIR queries performed almost as well as the monolingual baseline queries. These three categories of search represent three of the four qualitatively different search types encountered in WiSAR 14  , 28. A best first search without backtracking should be effective if the pedestrian templates we take distribute averagely. Where Qd is the continuously differentiable bounded desired trajectory and Fs is any relative order one  , strictly proper exponentially stable transfer function. Empty string K is a valid regular expression. The method was tested in the domain of robot localization. Selected statistics can be found in Table 2. However  , this comes at the cost of more expensive memory accesses. Most of these approaches focus on enhancing user search experiences by providing related queries to expand searches 29. Based on our experience  , topic words often exist for an information need. More specifically  , property-path expressions are regular expressions over properties edge labels in the graph. The parameterized query expansion method proposed in this paper addresses these limitations. It is intriguing that the LINE2nd outperforms the state-of-the-art word embedding model trained on the original corpus. It partitions the data space into n clusters and selects a reference point Ki for each cluster Ci. A question chunk  , expected by certain slots  , is assigned in question pattern matching. Then the two robots exchange roles in order to explore a chain of free-space areas which forms a stripe; a series of stripes are connected together to form a trapezoid. No matter what kind of controller C we use in Figure 4   , the transfer function GI and the backdrivability G2 always keep the following relationship. The lexical-to-value mapping is the obvious mapping from the documents to their class of equivalent OWL Full ontologies. In other words  , we aggregate the past behavior in the two modalities considered search queries and browsing behavior over a given time period  , and evaluate the predictiveness of the resulting aggregated user profile with respect to behavior occurring in a  sequent period. She enters a query on game theory into the ScholarLynk toolbar. Due to space limitations  , we cannot present all mapping rules. Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in Thus  , it helps IMRank to converge to a good ranking if influential nodes are initially ranked high. This approach has been developed at the University of Maryland and has been applied in several software engineering applications lj3BT92  , BBH92. Consequently several projections or maps of the hyperbolic space were developed  , four are especially well examined: i the Minkowski  , ii the upperhalf plane  , iii the Klein-Beltrami  , and iv the Poincaré or disk mapping. Generalised search engines that seek to cover as much proportion of the web as possible usually implement a breadth-first BRFS or depth-first A. Rauber et al. We consider correlation using the Pearson correlation coefficient between interestingness averaged over 15 weeks and number of views  , number of favorites  , ratings  , number of linked sites  , time elapsed since video upload and video duration which are media attributes associated with YouTube videos. Search engines play an important role in web page discovery for most users of the Web. Researchers have frequently used co-occurring tags to enhance the source query 4  , 5. The search is terminated when the stack is empty. The problem of imputation is thus: complete the database as well as possible. In future work we plan to try this approach for document translation where we would expect greater benefit from context  , although with higher computational cost  , at least in experimental settings. Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. As a second strategy of query expansion  , we exploited the hierarchical relationship among concepts. The goal of this work is to improve attribute prediction in dynamic domains by incorporating the influence of timevarying links into statistical relational models. This is because if there is a move possible which reduces energy   , simulated annealing will always choose that and in that case the value of the ratio AEIT does not influence the result. However for narrower tasks  , a conventional tabbed search interface would appear to be better. A chunk of training data containing K 0 observations will be used to initialize the system  , achieving the initial hidden layer matrix H 0   , the initial output weight matrix Q As the cognitive component of McFELM is based on OS- ELM  , our proposed method also contains two phases  , namely the initialization phase and sequential learning phase. Instead of feeding another time series as query  , the user provides the query in an intuitive way. Deletion of tuples is performed symmetrically  , from the leaves to the root  , updating each concerned summary to take into account tuple deletion. This also shows the strong correspondence between the input French queries and English queries in the log. The multigram index is an inverted index that includes postings for certain non-English character sequences. We convert the random forest classifier into a DNF formula as explained in Section 4.3. Usually  , the Euclidean distance between the weight vector and the input pattern is used to calculate a unit's activation. The implementation of the regular-expression matching module is described in more detail in the paper by Brodie  , Taylor  , and Cytron 5. They are more suitable for real-time control in a sensor-based control environment. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. A search engine for semi-structured graph data providing keyword and structural search using NEXI-like expressions. The ranking criteria used by their approach consists of the textual similarity of the question-and-answer pairs to the query and the quality of these pairs. Table 4 : Diversification result with pLSA and LapPLSA regularized by different external resources and their combinations. Transitions t chk0 and t chk1 detect the condition under which the matching cannot continue e.g. To our knowledge  , this is the first systematic comparison of those models on the task of English to Chinese CLIR on gold test sets. 2 It is helpful for CLIR since it can extract semantically relevant queries in target language. Given a topic relevance score  , for each query  , the score of each retrieved document in the baseline is given by the above exponential function f rank with the parameter values obtained in the fitting procedure. Several studies recognized that the problem of translating OOV has a significant impact on the performance of CLIR systems 8 ,9. In many CNN based text classification models  , the first step is to convert word from one-hot sparse representation to a distributed dense representation using Word Embedding . Thus we suggest a method for optimizing these parameters by maximizing Pearson correlation between ERR and a target online click metric. These services include structured sequential files  , B' tree indices  , byte stream files as in UNIX  , long data items  , a sort utility  , a scan mechanism  , and concurrency control based on file and page lock- ing. Maxmin on the other hand discards this original ranking and aims for maximal visual diversity of the representatives. The method of simulated annealing provides suck a technique of avoiding local minima. We first carried out a set of preliminary experiments to investigate the impact of lexicon sources  , phrase  , and ambiguity on query translation. In CLIR  , given the expense of translation  , a user is likely to be interested in the top few retrieved documents. We have decided to adopt a known solution proposed for search engines in order to have more realistic results in the experiments. Since rotating the gripper is equivalent to rotating the part  , the transfer function is defined in terms of the part's orientation with respect to the gripper . A more direct indicator of user interest is search terms entered into search engines or the search fields of other websites . In this paper  , we proposed several approaches to improve dictionary-based query translation for CLIR. Figure 1b illustrates the likelihood function for the path. Another recent approach called DOC 14  uses a random seed of points to guide a greedy search for subspace clusters. A key aspect in identifying patient cohorts is the resolution of demographic information. We show how the function s may be estimated in a manner similar to the one used for w above  , and we empirically compare the performance of the recency-based model versus the quality-based model. Empirical results show that BBC-Press outperforms other potential alternatives by a large margin and gives good results on a variety of problems involving low to very highdimensional feature spaces. On the other hand  , formal RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions can be quite alike. The mapping provided by the user translates between the RBAC objects constrained by the pattern catalog and the resource types defined in the application code. Therefore  , the positional error can be clearly evaluated wherever the end of the arm is located in the workspace. The template of a character is represented by a dot pattern on the 50*50 grid. A secondorderdynamicwas foundsuperposed to the integral relation was found  , clearlyshowing the presence of an unnegligible structural deformation . First  , they consider w d which consists of the lexical terms in document d. Second  , they posit t d which is the timestamp for d. With these definitions in place  , we may decompose the likelihood function: They approach the problem by considering two types of features for a given document. Another  , third kind of global steps is used toleavethe information system or to suspend the Preconditions: have to be true before an action can be acf.i- vated  , Example: Before a presentation of retrieved data can be generated  , the search providing the datarequiredby theselected presentation form must be completet Action: may be divided into two parts: a main action  , which is always required  , and one or more additional actions  , which can be optional or required  , Example Domain actions like 'formulate a query concerning workshops' may have an additional action like 'ask for terminology support for the workshop topic " xyz' " ; a domain action like 'present the retrieved workshops and their related topics' as the main action can be elaborated by an additional action like 'explain the difference between the presentation forms  Example presenting 'workshops' and their 'topics': according to the goals the user defined in the beginning of the dialogue  , the prcscmtation should present complctc information or in form of an overview. In this section  , we discuss our development of predicate mapper  , which realizes the type-based search-driven mapping machinery. Basically  , DBSCAN is based on notion of density reachability. Figure 3shows the recursive procedure  , which is based upon depth--rst search. Hence  , we are motivated to establish a novel approach  , not only focusing on learning sentiment-specific word embedding efficiently  , but also capturing the negation information. Finally  , by combining long-term and short-term user interests  , our proposed models TDSSM and MR-TDSSM successfully outperformed all the methods significantly. Therefore  , as with CLIR  , WTF/DF is clearly the preferred technique in this application. Our goal in the design of the PIA model and system was to allow a maximum freedom in the formulation and combination of predicates while still preserving a minimum semantic consensus necessary to build a meaningful user interface  , an eaecient query evaluator  , user proaele manager  , persistence manager etc. In addition  , since robot movements take place in real time  , learning approaches that require more than hundreds of practice movements are often not feasible. sometimes a user prefers one search engine to another for some types of search tasks. We start by determining a temporal weighting function for a collection according to its characteristics. Pincer- Search 4 uses a bottom-up search along with top-down pruning. Diankov and Kuffner propose a method called 'Randomized A*' 4  , primarily for dealing with discretization issues in continuous state spaces. The search latency was controlled by using a clientside script that adjusted search latency by a desired amount of delay. Definition: A labeled dataset is a collection of search goals associated with success labels. The composite query is most useful when each Ri represents a specific aspect of the main query M and the individual supporting terms are not directly related. To our knowledge  , this is the first work that measures how often data is corrupted by database crashes. Simulated annealing2 is a stochastic optimization technique that enables one to find 'low cost' configuration without getting trapped by the 'high cost' local minima. PLSA was originally used in text context for information retrieval and now has been used in web data mining 5. The only method we tested that did not use query-expansion UNCTP performed significantly worse than the others. Performance should be slightly better when starting with a hot cache. In the conventional case  , the user provides a reference image  , and the infrastructure identifies the images that are most similar. In traditional search engine architecture using HDD in the document servers  , the latency from receiving the query and document list from the web server to the return of the query result is dominated by the k random read operations that seek the k documents from the HDD see Figure 9a. The crawling was executed via a distributed breadth first search. Furthermore we utilized regular expressions  , adopted from Ritter et al. Moreover  , ranking documents with respect to a pattern query that contains multiple similarity constraints is a complex problem that should be addressed after the more basic problem of capturing the similarity of two math expressions discussed in this paper is addressed. See Figure 11for an example plan. To overcome this knowledge bottleneck  , web mining has been exploited in 7  , 27  to acquire English- Chinese term translations based on the observation that Chinese terms may co-occur with their English translations in the same web page. Note that the features in sequence labeling not only depend on the input sequence s  , but also depends on the output y. Adjusting the quality mapping f i : Q H G to the characteristics of the gripper and the target objects  , and learning where to grasp the target objects by storing successful grasping configurations  , are done on-line  , while the system performs grasping trials. This leads to the assumption of a constant transfer function for H at low frequencies where contact forces are small for all values of hand controller position. Therefore  , the proposed method is not just a specific controller design approach for a specific performance requirement. In classical probabilistic IR models  , such as the binary independence retrieval BIR model 18  , both queries and documents are represented as a set of terms that are assumed to be statistically independent. This would require extending the described techniques  , and creating new QA benchmarks. In this work  , we propose a deep learning approach with a SAE model for mining advisor-advisee relationships. We refer different combinations of such relations as the query expansion strategy. On both text sets  , OTM outperforms LSA  , PLSA  , LapPLSA in terms of classification accuracies due to the orthogonality of the topics. In that way  , a search system will retrieve documents according to both text and temporal criteria  , e.g. Each word type is associated with its own embedding. Thus  , by the Passivity theorem  , a P D controller can provide very good vibration control. Neverthcless  , we show that these additional factors can be dealt with in a reasonable fashion within the PRM framework. rate  , receive-rate  , reply-rate  , replied-rate yield the best performance with AUC > 0.78 for female to sample male  , and AUC > 0.8 for male to sample female to male under the Random Forest model among all graph-based features. On the other hand  , the deep learning-based approaches show stronger generalization abilities. Under the Clarke-Tax  , users are required to indicate their privacy preference  , along with their perceived importance of the expressed preference. When tuples are deleted from a view or a relation  , the effect must be propagated to all " higher-level " views defined on the view/relation undergoing the deletion. We propose a novel approach to learning from comparable corpora and extracting a bilingual lexicon. If the content of a file is needed for character string operations such as a regular expression operation with the preg_match extension  , an FTCS object actually reads the file and stores its content in a form similar to an ordinary character string object. In our initial cross-language experiments we therefore tested different values for the parameter r. Note that r is set once for a given run and does not vary from query to query. 3. expansion based on all retrieved documents. In summary  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. The results of fitting the heteroscedastic model in the data can be viewed below  , > summarylme2 Apart from the random and fixed effects section  , there is a Variance function section. Table 2also presents the results of query structure experiments. Then  , further simulations were performed. The prediction of a diverse ranking list is then provided by iteratively maximizing the learned ranking function. Transforming missing values can be done by imputing by mean of the variable and this imputation may be erroneous due to the outliers in the same variable. Because of this  , any estimate for which falls outside of this range is quite unlikely  , and it is reasonable to remove all such solutions from consideration by choosing appropriate bounds. when assuming that n defects are contained in the document . Given ℐ −   , instead of exhaustively considering all possible element subsets of ℐ −   , we apply a hill-climbing method to search for a local optimum  , starting from a random -facet interface ℐ . This is done by computing the Pearson correlation Equation 1 between the active user and all other users in R and ranking them highest to lowest according to that correlation. The CM-PMI measure consists of three steps: search results retrieval  , contextual label extraction and contextual label matching. Second  , the inverse model  , the mapping from a desired state to the next action is not straightforward. Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. Instance learning approaches exploit regularities available in Deep Web pages in terms of DOM structures for detecting data records and their data items. For a planar biped  , the proposed control strategy consists in the tracking of a reference path instead of a reference motion for the joints and for the position of the CoP. First is a random snippet from the list of possible snippets for the document. Instead of applying evolution as a solution finder the traditional approach  , here  , the robot control system is able to face an open-ended evolution in a mutable environment  , since the robots are constantly being modified by evolution to cope with these variations. American Financial Systems AFS developed their strategy by pursuing the following two goals: Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the flail citation on the first page. on a Wikipedia page are extracted by means of a recursive regular expression. To make sure that all participants see the same SERP in each search task  , we provided a fixed initial query and its corresponding first result page from a popular commercial search engine the same one which provides search logs for each task. They showed empirically the convergence of Q-learning in that case. In addition  , deep learning technologies can be implemented in further research. The search results are saved in a cluster map from document ids to sets of cluster names using the search terms as cluster names. A self-organizing feature map consists of a two-dimensional array of units; each unit is connected to n input nodes  , and contains a ndimensional vector Wii wherein i ,j identifies the unit at location Ci ,jJ of the array. According to the above discussion  , we summarize the parameters that correlate with arousal in Table 2  , where Pearson correlation was computed between parameter values and the perceived arousal scale. A finite supply of electrodes resulted in a relatively sparse set of data 87 samples and offers two distinct ways to analyze the data. Note that this does not automatically mean  , that a 0.7 similarity also means that the predicted answer has high accuracy  , but only gives an indication of its relatedness on basis of the selected word embedding. However  , it remains to be seen whether Word Embedding can be effectively used to evaluate the coherence of topics in comparison with existing metrics. Synthetic expression generation. The second pass does not use template stepping and is a refinement step to select the best possible SAD from within the 2i by 2i region. Using pivots doubles the number of translations performed in a CLIR system  , therefore  , increasing the likelihood of translation error  , caused mainly by incorrect identification of the senses of ambiguous words. We conducted the experiments on the click-through data from a real-world commercial search engine in which promising results show that term similarity does evolve from time to time and our semantic similarity model is effective in modelling the similarity information between queries. The semantics of SPARQL is defined as usual based on matching of basic graph patterns BGPs  , more complex patterns are defined as per the usual SPARQL algebra and evaluated on top of basic graph pattern matching  , cf. These problems have led to the search for alternative noncollocated measurements. If a crawl is started from a single seed  , then the order in which pages will be crawled tends to be similar to a breadth first search through the link graph 27 the crawl seldom follows pure breadth first order due to crawler requirements to obey politeness and robots restrictions . Especially in our case where the input forms a local shape representation  , these reduced data sets are clusters of locally similar data. For TREC-6  , the CLIR track topics were developed centrally at NIST Schäuble and Sheridan  , 1998. Learning Inference limit the ability of a model to represent the questions. They do not report on the users' accuracy on the information-seeking tasks ad- ministered. We use a TRIE representation of variablelength character strings to avoid readjusting comparison starting points.  Inspired by the advantages of continuous space word representations  , we introduce a novel method to aggregate and compress the variable-size word embedding sets to binary hash codes through Fisher kernel and hashing methods. * in popular regular expression syntaxes. First  , for an input hyper-plane  , all the cluster boundaries intersect the hyper-plane are selected. Note that tuple substitution corresponds to the nested iteration method of join implementation BLAS77. Following common practice 11  , prediction over queries quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the values assigned to queries by a predictor and the actual average precision AP@1000 computed for these queries using TREC's relevance judgments. A complete example of all four combinations can be viewed below: Description: What is depression ? S is the sensitivity transfer function matrix. Since our parameter space is small  , we make use of a simple hill climbing strategy  , although other more sophisticated approaches are possible 10. Under this alternate objective  , we try to maximize the function: This objective therefore controls for the overall likelihood of a bad event rather than controlling for individual bad events. Consider Figure 1a  , which depicts a sample search submitted to a major search engine. extending keyword search with a creation or update date of documents. After conducting all four searches  , participants completed an exit questionnaire. PF  , CmF  , TF  , CtF denotes the results when our frameworks used personal features  , community features  , textual features  , and contextual features  , respectively. In addition to high accuracy and robustness  , the classifier demonstrates the potential for realtime implementation with offline model parameter fitting. The difference is the risk to loose the exact plot locations over the original projection. It should be noted that the key contribution of this work is more about extracting the important features and understanding the domain by providing novel insights  , but not necessarily about building a new predictive modeling algo- rithm. Explicitly expressing term dependency relations has produced good results in monolingual retrieval 9  , 18   , but extending that idea to CLIR has not proven to be straightforward. The above results represent the first approach to a perception mapping system; it involves all sensors and all space around the robot. We further leverage answers to a question to bridge the vocabulary gap between a review and a question. The types of actuator design of self-folding sheets are determined by a selected actuator design function in Sec. Others discuss how different forms of context and search activity may be used to cast search behavior as a prediction problem 5  represented search context within a session by modeling the sequence of user queries and clicks. At low frequency  , this transfer function is equal to unity  , and in the limit as frequency goes to infinity the transfer function goes to zero. The columns labeled 'all' indicates the results for all the systems in a test collection. Therefore  , it may also be problematic to evaluate a system purely by whether or not it can improve search performance of a query in a search session and the magnitude of the improvement. The regular expression occurring in this query has an equivalent automaton with three states: the three regions correspond precisely to these states. When F reqmin is larger  , the correlation curves decrease especially for substring search. They never use a search engine that recommends pages based on their current popularity. The grep program searches one or more input files for lines containing a match to a specified pattern  , and prints out matching lines. We made similar observations when we applied DB- SCAN to the metabolome data: the computed clusters contained newborns with all sorts of class labels. There are something good and something bad. The main reason for this is that the number of model parameters to be learned grows in accordance with the increase of dimensionality; thus  , the acquired functions might not perform well when sorting unseen objects due to over-fitting. If the poles and zeros of the undamped transfer function from A E to Aq1 -2Aqh4 are plotted for all the orientations in Figure 8  , the pole-zero patterns all display the interlacing property  , thus implying passivity. Table 1summarizes the Kendall-τ and Pearson correlation for the four query selection methods when selecting {20  , 40  , 60}% of queries in the Robust 2004 and the TREC-8 test collections. We can see that subsets having larger coverage are searched first in this case. The evaluation shows that we can provide both high precision and recall for similarity search  , and that our techniques substantially improve on naive keyword search. In order to use established best-first search approaches  , we need to make the heuristic function both additive and positive. Query expansion in source language reserves the room for untranslated terms by including relevant terms in advance. A game is a formal representation of a strategic interaction among a set of players. Sutton 11 employed Q-learning in his Dyna architecture and presented an application of optimal path finding problems. Because the queries of " broad " interest-based initial hub selection  , "narrow" categories interest-based initial hub selection  , "broad" categories random initial hub selection  , "narrow" categories random initial hub selection  , "broad" categories As shown in Figure 5.2  , initial hub selection without user modeling content/performance-based underperformed that with user modeling interest-based due to the inability to identify uncharacteristic queries not related to search history. Damljanovic et al. Extensive researches on the optimal parameters for the balance of exploration and exploitation were performed2 3. On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. By reducing the information space to a meaningful subset  , the collections play the role of a partitioning query as described in 10  , i. e. they define a " searchable " subset of the documents which is likely to contain the desired ones. Scores are assigned to each expansion by combining the backward score g  , computed by the translation model from the end to the current position of i  , and the forward score h computed by the Viterbi search from the initial to the current position of i. Meanwhile   , other machine learning methods can also reach the accuracy more than 0.83. Here  , we show how performance varies when the relation matching technique is reinforced by query expansion. Selection of the words is random  , but the duplicates are not removed so the words with higher frequency in the page have higher chance of being selected. Launching an image search required first launching a text search or " best " browse that displayed the resulting thumbnails  , and then dragging and dropping a thumbnail into the upper left pane. It is unfair for one sort to allocate extra memory it cannot use while others are waiting; l a sort whose performance is not very sensitive to memory should yield to sorts whose performance is more affected by memory space; l large sorts should not block small sorts indefinitely   , while small sorts should not prevent large sorts from getting a reasonable amount of mem- ory; l when all other conditions are the same  , older sorts should have priority over younger sorts. However  , regular expressions are not very robust with respect to layout variations and structural changes that occur frequently in Web sites. In this paper  , we investigate several approaches to translate an IR query into a different language. We can briefly show why the Clarke-Tax approach maximizes the users' truthfulness by an additional  , simpler example. The limitation of these methods is that they either depend on some external resources e.g. It deals effectively with path planning  , and incorporates the method of simulated annealing to avoid local minima regardless of domain dimension or complexity . In order to confirm the effectiveness of our method  , we conducted an experiment. Such highly nonuniform distributions of data points will significantly affect search performance. Here mission similarity refers to the likelihood that two queries appear in the same mission   , while missions are sequences of queries extracted from users' query logs through a mission detector. ANSWER indicates the expected answer. The uncertainty is estimated for localization using a local map by fitting a normal distribution to the likelihood function generated. We will discuss the haptics in Section 2.3  , but first we give the mathematical model. In practice  , the probability of each action is evaluated using 12 and the highest-probability action is selected. Due to the larger number of false positives in the RGB likelihood function  , the covariance of the posterior PDF after an RGB update  , As well as computational advantages  , it allows the covariance of the posterior PDF to be solely controlled by the more reliable depth detector. The data element ARTICLE_PRICE_DETAILS can be used multiple with disjunctive intervals. There are two main scenarios where the user input could be incorporated into the system to enhance multilingual information retrieval: 1. Intuitively  , a tight connection between two documents should induce similar outputs in the new space. Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method  , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. We then apply the sort and merge procedure addling the counts from matching content- ID C content-ID pairs to produce a list of all <content-ID  , content-ID  , count> triplets sorted by the first content-ID and the second content-ID. In previous work we have shown how to use structural information to create enriched index pages 3 . The successive samples evolve from a large population with many redundant data points to a small population with few redundant data points. Admissible functions are optimistic. Also  , this method can be accelerated using hierarchical methods like in the pattern matching approach. The difficulty in any controller design is proper modeling of the plant to be controlled. The candidate graph G c is a directed graph containing important associations of variables where the redundancy of associations should be minimized. In a real teleoperation system it would also had in series the dynamic of the slave arm. Hence the quantity In the next section  , a probabilistic membership function PMF on the workspace is developed which describes the likelihood of sensing the object at a given location. The solutions found by these two methods differ  , however  , in terms of RMS error versus the true trace  , both produce equally accurate traces. Source code is often paired with natural language statements that describe its behavior. As shown in Table 2  , the extracted top translations are closely related to the source query  , even though sometimes they are not the translation equivalent of the source query. For free motion case  , the object is to find the transfer function from the motor torque to tip position of the manipulator  , and in constrained case  , we want to find the transfer function from motor torque to the force exerted by the manipulator to the environment. We expect that as more approximate predicates become available  , normalized costs will drop. The co-occurrence technique can also be used to reduce ambiguity of term translations. We consider these cost values as edge weights  , and therefore the Dijkstra's search can be applied to find a trajectory with the smallest cost-to-go. While the BSBM benchmark is considered as a standard way of evaluating RDB2RDF approaches  , given the fact that it is very comprehensive  , we were also interested in analysing real-world queries from projects that we had access to  , and where there were issues with respect to the performance of the SPARQL to SQL query rewriting approach. We then compute the correspondence between ground-truth stage s * e and the learned stagê se using two standard metrics: Kendall's τ and the Pearson correlation coefficient. So far  , several different similarity measures have been used  , such as Pearson correlation  , Spearman correlation  , and vector similarity. In order to visualize the factor solution found by PLSA we present an elucidating example. We also assume that the host extracts tuples from the communication messages and returns them to the application program. This crude classifier of signal tweets based on regular expression matching turns out to be sufficient. Pattern matching tools help the programmer with the task of chunking. Parameterized query expansion generalizes and unifies several of the current state-of-the-art concept weighting and query expansion approaches. After this approach  , C hyperplanes are obtained in the feature space. But since only partial term-document mapping is preserved  , a loss in retrieval performance is inevitable. The organization of this paper is described as follows . The access paths in a 3NF DSS system are often dominated by large hash or sort-merge joins  , and conventional index driven joins are also common. Figures 4 and 5show examples where it converged for each participant. Table 1presents Pearson correlation coefficients that examined time taken to complete each search actual and estimated by subjects  , recall actual and estimated by subjects and number of documents saved. To measure the impact of this extension on query execution times we compare the results of executing our extended version of the BSBM with ARQ and with our tSPARQL query engine. Given a user profile and a set of search keywords  , the search engine selects an ad advertisement  to display in the search result page. With the same objective  , genetic search strategies Goldberg891 can be applied to query optimization  , as a generalization of randomized ones EibengOl. For temponym detection in text documents  , we adopt a similar approach and develop a rule-based system that uses similarity matching in a large dictionary of event names and known paraphrases. Query expansion comes from two sources and used in different stages. This is a very important issue since if the rules were applied in an unordered and exhaustive manner there would be the problem of exponential explosion of the search space. It is ideally suited for data already stored on a distributed file system which offers data replication as well as the ability to execute computations locally on each data node. To illustrate this goal  , consider the following hypothetical scenario where the scoring function scoreq  , c = w T ϕq  , c differentiates the last click of a query session from other clicks within the same session. The key idea is to hash the points using several hash functions so as to ensure that  , for each function  , the probability of collision is much higher for objects which are close to each other than for those which are far apart. Our predictive models are based on raw geographic distance How many meters is the ATM from me ? The popularity increase is much more sudden under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model. The experimental results here can bring the message " it is time to rethink about your caching management " to practitioners who have used or are planning to use SSD to replace HDD in their infrastructures. Input rule files are compiled into a graph representation and a depth first search is performed to see if a certain token starts a pattern match. The transfer function for the simplified continuous time system is represented as The time delay can be due to computational or communication delays in either a simulated environment display or teleoperated system. Third  , we identify features of signal clusters that are independent of any particular topic and that can be used to effectively rank the clusters by their likelihood of containing a disputed factual claim. Previous query expansion techniques are based on bag of words models. Successful translation of OOV terms is one of the challenges of CLIR. The description length for values using a structure often reduces when the structure is parameterized. Topic modeling approaches employing PLSA have also been used to extract latent themes within a set of articles5   , however this approach is heavyweight and may incorrectly cluster important terms causing them to be missed. So improvement of the performance of the acquired strategy is expected and the And a new strategy is acquired using Q-learning. The CLIR system has been evaluated by adopting three different configurations and the results have been compared with the gold standard  , according to the metrics described above. Figure 8 shows some recognition results of five different calligraphic styles using our LSH-based method. This paper presents our research work on automatic question classification through machine learning approaches  , especially the Support Vector Machines. When the objective function has an explicit form  , Hill-climbing could quickly reach an optimal point by following the local gradients of the function. After examining the relevancy of the datasets using our developed relevancy classifier  , we now use our TIRM mapping scheme in transforming the results into the intention space. From a statistical perspective  , the CLIR problem can be formulated as follows. It is based on three steps of data splitting   , which represent a so-called " smart search " of the jump points. Let us assume that the attack pattern for this vulnerability is specified using the following regular expression Σ * < Σ * where Σ denotes any ASCII character. Then  , Space uses the Alloy Analyzer to perform automatic bounded verification that each data exposure allowed by the application is also allowed by our catalog. Wiki considers the Wikipedia redirect pairs as the candidates. In the next section  , we describe related work on collection selection and merging of ranked results. Our official submission  , however  , was based on the reduced document model in which text between certain tags was indexed. In order to investigate this issue a relevant set of training data must be generated for a case with potential collisions  , e.g. The size of table productfeatureproduct is significantly bigger than the table product 280K rows vs 5M rows. A single search interface is provided to multiple heterogenous back-end search engines. View maintenance will be done differently after an update in region Rl than after updates in regions R2 or R3 respectively. Since the mapping from I-space t o W-space is continuous  , and since a sphere is an orientable surface  , so is the cylinder surface. We then present a constructive argument to show that only On projection sets need be considered to obtain the diameter function. These include scaling  , rotation  , and synchronization of observations from several tours of a space. In this section  , we compare DIR to the informationtheoretic measures traditionally used to evaluate rule interestingness see table 1for formulas:  the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , which measures the deviation from equilibrium;  the mutual information 12  , the Theil uncertainty 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12  , which measure the deviation from independence. The motivation for this work was to use transfer learning  , when the source and target domain share only a subset of classes. To test our hypotheses about the usefulness of our WYSIAWYH paradigm in supporting local browsing  , we compared the SCAN browser  , with a control interface that supported only search. Their experiments reported a Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.8914 on the Miller and Charles 24 benchmark dataset. This defines 1 an expected number of occurrences of any given n-gram in any given search result  , and 2 a standard deviation of the random variation in the number of occurrences. The integrated search is achieved by generating integrated indices for Web and TV content based on vector space model and by computing similarity between the query and all the content described by the indices. Automatic query expansion technique has been widely used in IR. In general  , the fitness of the composite operator is adjusted as  By adjusting the operator fitness  , we balance the exploration of new search space and the exploitation of promising solutions found by the hill-climbing algo- rithm. Spatial databases have numerous applications  , including geographic information systems  , medical image databases ACF+94   , multimedia databases after extracting n features from each object  , and mapping it into a point in n-d space Jaggl  , FRM94  , as well as traditional databases  , where each record with n attributes can be considered as a point in n-dimensional space Giit94. To put this into perspective  , even for the simple snowflake example with 12 nodes  , the size of the lattice is 1024 and the size of the game tree is 1024 factorial the amount of time required to search the game tree  , an astronomically large number. The goals of our fellowship are to raise awareness of the need for proper data management and preservation as well as to promote data curation as a professional activity. When a local maximum is reached with a stepsize of 0.125 feet and 0.125 degrees  , the search is stopped and the resulting maximum is output as the transformation between the two evidence grids. In this article  , we presented a novel method for automatic query expansion based on query logs. Finally  , for each set of results the only the the highest scoring 1000 tweets were used by RRF to combine results and only the top 1000 results from each run were submitted to NIST for evaluation. In this paper we introduce a probabilistic information retrieval model. Next we interpret each instructions of the function by following the transfer functions in Table 1 . The submitted runs both use different forms of MeSH based query expansion. On the flip side  , DBSCAN can be quite sensitive to the values of eps and MinPts  , and choosing correct values for these parameters is not that easy. If a function approximator is used to learn the policy  , value  , or Q function inadequate exploration may lead to interference during learning  , so correct portions of the policy are actually degraded during learning. To solve the problem  , we propose a new probabilistic retrieval method  , Translation model  , Specifications Generation model  , and Review and Specifications Generation model  , as well as standard summarization model MEAD  , its modified version MEAD-SIM  , and standard ad-hoc retrieval method. On the other hand  , reciprocal election significantly outperforms the other methods in terms of variation of information  , a more general performance measure. In this way  , we insure that undefined instances will not affect the calculation of the likelihood function. Automatic music summarization approaches can be classified into machine learning based approaches 1 ,2 ,3 and pattern matching based approaches 4 ,5 ,6. The knowledge source used in English-Chinese-oriented CLIR system mainly includes dictionary knowledge and Chinese Synonym Dictionary. This makes the framework well suited for interactive settings as well as large datasets. The argument can be any expression of antecedent operators and concepts and text. Since the page content information is used  , the page similarity based smoothing is better than constant based smoothing. The next step is to choose a set of cuboids that can be computed concurrently within the memory constraints . This shows that query expansion is crucial for short queries as it is hard to extract word dependency information from the original query for RBS. As an example  , figure references in the example collection see Figure 3 are 5-digit numbers which are easily recognizable by a simple regular expression. In Section 3.6.1  , we show that breadthfirst search appears to be more efficient than depth-first search. The system was simulated to aid understanding of the control problem  , to identify a suitable transfer function and to determine the vision system specification. While videogames represent an important part of our cultural and economic landscape  , deep theory development in the field of Game Studies  , particularly theory related to creativity  , is lacking. The most-matched rule is a long regular expression with many alternations that resulted in 56% of the rule matches. Accordingly  , it is able to localize points more precisely even if an image is suffering from noise. 243–318 for an introduction. Such a technique has been shown to improve CLIR performance. We plan to investigate these methods in future work. Unlike most existing combination strategies   , ours makes use of some knowledge of the average performance of the constituent systems. Nonetheless  , POS tags alone cannot produce high-quality results. Using WE word representation models  , scholars have improved the performance of classification 6  , machine translation 16  , and other tasks. Although a kinematic model gives a good description of the camera's movement for general applications  , it is useful to consider the unstabilized components in motion due to the change of operating conditions  , external disturbances  , etc. where a is a learning factor  , P is a discounted factor  ,  teed to obtain an optimal policy  , Q-learning needs numerous trials to learn it and is known as slow learning rate for obtaining Q-values. In the second experiment  , the robot moved along a corridor environment about 60 meters while capturing images under varying illumination conditions  , as shown in Fig. Regarding the multiple adjective choice  , even if not supported by statistical significance  , we observe that children in the OAT condition chose no machine category adjectives  , 30% of the chosen adjectives belonged to the humanized category and 70% to the relational one. Expansion terms are then grouped and combined with the original query for retrieval. To make this baseline strong  , both individual expansion terms and the expansion term set can be weighted. STON89 describes how the XPRS project plans on utilizing parallelism in a shared-memory database machine. Current methods of solving this problem have difficulty in tuning parameters and handling terms that are not registered in a dictionary  , when applied to large-scale and/or distributed digital libraries. Therefore  , the interval estimates are all discarded. A set of completing  , typing information is added  , so that the number of tags becomes higher. Although the methods resemble each other in many ways  , the differences are evident. A possibility is to create a regular expression using the recipes as examples. To find the total fit error over all segments for a collection of arbitrary planes  , we add a Lagrange term constraining the angles between pairs of fitting planes to equal the angles between corresponding planes in the model. This is a typical decoding task  , and the Viterbi decoding technique can be used. We have tested the effectiveness of the proposed model using real data. The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. In whatever experiments  , the BCDRW method significantly outperforms the BASIC method. For English-Chinese CLIR  , we accumulated search topics from TREC-5 and TREC-6  , which used the same Chinese document collection. Word embedding techniques seek to embed representations of words. 39 This last model appears to be computationally difficult  , but further progress may be anticipated in the design and use of probabilistic retrieval models. Therefore the main task in CLIR is not translating sentences but translating phrases. The important point to notice is that the predictive variance captures the inherent uncertainty in the function  , with tight error bars in regions of observed data  , and with growing error bars away from observed data. 1a  , the autoencoder is trained with native form and its transliterated form together. With these heuristics we aim for an accurate regular expression that is also simple and easy to understand. When dealing with interval plant systems with independent coefficients one typically is interested in Kharitonov polynomials. Fig.4 shows an example of predictive geometrical information display when an endmill is operated manually by an operator using joysticks which are described later. Our intuition is derived from the observation that the data in two domains may share some common topics  , since the two domains are assumed to be relevant. Section II describes the dynamic model used in this research  , which was developed in 5 and emphasizes important model features that enable it to be used for motion planning in general and the steep hill climbing problem in particular. Intuitively  , CTM selects more related terms for each topic than PLSA  , which shows the better performance of CTM. The number of blocks remains constant throughout the hill climbing trial. In this section  , we conduct a series of experiments to validate our major claims on the TDCM model. We compare four methods for identifying entity aspects: TF. IDF  , the log-likelihood ratio LLR 2  , parsimonious language models PLM 3 and an opinion-oriented method OO 5 that extracts targets of opinions to generate a topic-specific sentiment lexicon; we use the targets selected during the second step of this method. In typical document search  , it is also commonly used– e.g. After we sort the succeeding samples at each node in the tree  , the last several branches are likely to be pruned by strategy 3 because they contain only those samples that have the least increase in coverage. They efficiently exploit hBtorical information to speculate on new search nodes with expected improved performance. We now get to our main result  , which is split into two parts  , corresponding to the exact matching and soft matching settings. The only difference was that it had far fewer relevant documents than the rest  , making it more likely to amplify random differences in user search strategies. We utilize linguistic Ling  , statistical Stat  , and CLIR features f si of query term si to capture its characteristics from different aspects. As indicated in Table 1Figure 1: Comparison of CLIR performance on homogeneous datasets using both short and long queries. We find minimal correlation  , with a Pearson coefficient of 0.07. At the same time  , alerts are also sent to anyone following Shaelyn or the topic of game theory about Shaelyn's new reading list. The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. In t h e 1940's  , Shannon resolved the problem of measuring information by defining Entropy as a measure of the uncertainty of transmission of information: where as is the space of information signals transmitted 12  , 51. What this means is that though we could not find a relationship between specific search features and specific search tasks  , there was an increase in the number of search support features used as the search task became more complex and exploratory. Initialization. Traditionally  , test collections are described as consisting of three components: topics  , documents and relevance judgments 5. Although we endeavored to keep queries short  , we did not sacrifice preciseness to do so. 1 Sponsored search refers to the practice of displaying ads alongside search results whenever a user issues a query. We do this in an automatic way by detecting named entities that can represent temporal queries for performing temporal search experiments. Notice that when no explicit subtopics can be found for a query  , the regularized pLSA is reduced to the normal pLSA. A technique for translating queries indirectly using parallel corpora has been proposed by Sheridan & Ballerini 19  , 20. Each disk drive has an embedded SCSI controller which provides a 45K byte RAM buffer that acts as a disk cache on read operations. A table is created whose rows correspond to combinations of property values of blocks that can be involved in a put action. Since this technique focuses on predicting each user's rating on an unrated item  , we refer to it as pointwise CF. In this paper  , we return to first principles to derive an approach to CLIR that is motivated by cross-language meaning matching. Hence  , because such approaches are inherently different  , it is important to consider measures that fairly compare them. This also happens to be the KB that we did more experiments on since it provided more complexity and more representative prob- lems. During the mapping of FMSVs  , the most effective heuristic feature sets are selected to ensure reasonable prediction accuracy. Efficient implementations for commonly used similarity metrics are readily available  , so that the computational effort for search and retrieval of similar products has little impact on the efficiency of this approach. It is interesting to observe the robustness of the system to errors in estimated sensor noise variance. We have presented a new dependence language modeling approach to information retrieval. We generate plans that minimize worst-case length by breadth-first AND/OR search Akella  11. Our experiments with an English-French test collection for which a large number of topics are available showed that CLIR using bidirectional translation knowledge together with statistical synonymy significantly outperformed CLIR in which only unidirectional translation knowledge was exploited  , achieving CLIR effectiveness comparable to monolingual effectiveness under similar conditions. For each run of DBSCAN on the biological data sets  , we chose the parameters according to 5 using a k-nn-distance graph. Therefore  , 5 entries in the profile is sometimes not enough to compute a good similarity. The main contribution of this paper is twofold: we combine previously known game theory strategies into ontology reasoning and present a measure to systematically evaluate the inconsistencies in ontologies. To date  , tasks are routed to individual workers in a random manner. Addi-tionally  , we use a regularization parameter κ set to 0.01; this step has been found to provide better model fitting and faster convergence. In this work  , we extend this line of work by presenting the first study  , to the best of our knowledge  , of user behavior patterns when interacting with intelligent assistants. Despite this partial exploitation of the potential of the CS in providing virtual views of the DL  , its introduction has brought a number of other important advantages to the CYCLADES users. We assign priority to the pending BVTT visits according to the distance: the closest pending BV pair is given a higher priority and visited next. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. I laving discussed how dynamic splitting breaks a merge step into sub-steps in response to a memory reduction  , we now present Ihc provision in the dynamic splitting strategy that allows an cxtemal sort to combine existing merge steps to take advantage of extra buffers as they become available. The main goal was to bring Lucene's ranking function to the same level as the state-of-the-art ranking formulas like those traditionally used by TREC participants. A meta search system sends a user's query to the back-end search engines  , combines the results and presents an integrated result-list to the user. Table 1 shows the Pearson correlation coecient between the frequency of the physical image requests in the past the training period of the experiments reported in Section 4.2 and the frequency of the same physical image requests in the future the testing period of the experiments . Backtracking moves to the next breakpoint fget or the next visible variable current-var. Therefore   , pages crawled using such a policy may not follow a uniform random distribution; the MSN Search crawler is biased towards well-connected  , important  , and " high-quality " pages. The first two clamped-free and pinned-free frequencies computed from the analytical model agree within 10% with the measured frequencies. We performed three official automatic CLIR runs and 29 post-hoc automatic CLIR runs. In this paper we focussed on the usability of answers and how well a search system can find relevant documents for a given query. The output is well-defined  , closed under the operation  , and is unique. The performance of Rank-S depends on the CSI it uses  for the initial search in two ways: first  , the number of documents   , assuming that a larger CSI also causes a more accurate selection  , and second  , exactly which documents are sampled. Notice that a regular expression has an equivalent automaton. Our work follows this strategy of a query expansion approach using an external collection as a resource of query expansion terms. To validate our modeling efforts  , the magnitude of the transfer function from the torque wheel voltage input to the accelerometer voltage output   , with the hub PD loop active  , is shown in Fig. A similarly strong correlation was reported by 2. Given a search topic  , a perfect document-to-document similarity method for find-similar makes the topic's relevant documents most similar to each other. Particularly  , they incorporate dictionaries   , bilingual corpora  , or the Web to estimate the probability of translation ptj|si  , Qs. We find that few features are correlated with each other i.e. The result is empty  , if negatively matched statements are known to be negative. These properties may be written in a number of different specification formalisms  , such as temporal logics  , graphical finite-state machines  , or regular expression notations  , depending on the finite-state verification system that is being employed. We consider detection of cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in PHP programs as the first application of our analyzer. – WSML Text Editor: Until recently ontology engineers using the WSMO paradigm would create there WSMO descriptions by hand in a text editor. Figure 7 shows the result of simulated annealing in trajectory planning when applied to the example in figure 6d. Specifically  , in this work  , we propose a multi-rate temporal deep learning model that jointly optimizes long-term and short-term user interests to improve the recommendation quality. Stein and Meyer zu Eissen introduce the idea of near-similarity search to find plagiarized documents in a large document corpus 9. Strictly speaking the objective does not decouple entirely in terms of φ and ψ due to the matrices My and Ms. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. For a particular scene vertex the fitting test would then be triggered a number of times equal to the number of model LFSs  , in the worst case. In Snowball  , the generated patterns are mainly based on keyword matching. We tentatively handled the query expansion by applying DM built in the step of indexing by Yatata. Cross-language Information Retrieval CLIR is the task of finding documents that are written in one language e.g. This is the value used for pattern matching evaluation. Research on CLIR has therefore focused on three main questions: 1 which terms should be translated ? On the other hand  , the depth-first search methods e.g. We can learn an extraction expression  , specifically the regular expression E 1 = α·table·tr·td·font * ·p * ·b·p * ·font *   , from these two paths. User search interests can be captured for improving ranking or personalization of search systems 30  , 34  , 36 . World Explorer helps users to search for a location and displays a tag cloud over that location. The vector lt is used to additively modify the memory contents. The force error is predictable from the transfer function. The total number of operations is also proportional to this term because this query can be best run using Sort- Merge joins by always storing the histograms and the auxiliary relations in sorted order. Observe that for all values of x  , randomized rank promotion performs better than or as well as nonrandomized ranking. As linguistic  , statistical and CLIR features are complementary  , we use all of the features in the following experiments. Furthermore  , Villa and Halvey 21 showed a relationship between mental effort and relevance levels of judged documents. When compared to the relevance models retrieval RM doc   , which effectively performs query expansion  , the relatedtext is on par or only slightly better. The framework for partition-based similarity search PSS consists of two steps. Page views included query submission  , search result clicks  , navigation beyond the search results page originating from clicks on links in a search result  , and clicks on other search engine features e.g. The goal of the presented study was the investigation on the effectiveness of integrating semantic domain-specific resources  , like ontologies  , into a CLIR context. The search results appeared either below the search box  , or in a different tab depending on user's normal search preferences  , in the original search engine result format. In addition  , we can perform subpixel localization in the discretized pose space by fitting a surface to the peak that occurs at the most likely robot position. A conversation specification for S is a specification S e.g. Despite the reasonable average percentual increase  , most of the differences are not significant. For instance  , unless in expert mode  , options that require a regular expression to be entered are suppressed. The framework can integrate other information such as reviewer's information  , product information  , etc. The control law that implements the deiired impedance of the master arm can be obtained by solving for the acceleration in and substituting it into the master arm dynamics. We combined MPF and a heat-sensitive shrinking film to self-fold structures by applying global heat. Rule writing requires some knowledge of the JAPE pattern-matching lan- guage 11 and ANNIE annotations. character and word n-grams extracted from CNN can be encoded into a vector representation using LSTM that can embed the meaning of the whole tweet. Additional simulations with relatively small damping terms were found to converge  , however  , the resulting tip motion had large overshoot and prolonged oscillation. This approach avoids generation of unwanted sort orders and corresponding plans. Conversely  , in MT CLOSED  , the singleton i is not disregarded during the mining of subsequent closed itemsets. Per-query results are highly correlated between systems   , in typical cases giving a Pearson score of close to 1  , because some queries are easier to resolve or have more answers than others; this correlation can affect assessment of significance. The following three runs were performed in our Chinese to English CLIR experiments: 1. Therefore  , it is represented by a mapping of the shape space Q into the force-distribution space T*Q. The general idea behind the approach is pattern matching. The search is guaranteed to halt since there are a finite number of equivalence classes and our search does not consider sequences with cycles. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first work to apply federated IR techniques in the context of entity search. This creates a noisy behavioral signal  , and importantly  , a challenge for analyzing search behavior  , especially long-term behavior that has utility in many applications  , such as search personalization 37. All the CLSM models in this study are trained using mini-batch based stochastic gradient descent  , as described by Shen et al. On the other hand  , it is this kind of label that we want to tackle via zero shot learning otherwise we could choose to harvest training examples from the Internet. are used in the subsequent M-step to maximize the likelihood function over the true parameters λ and µ. However  , the relatively poor performance of the translation component of our test CLIR system was not a major concern to us  , as it remained a constant throughout our experiments. While ESA achieves a rather low Pearson correlation and SSA comparably low Spearman correlation  , our approach beats them in both categories. Finally  , the search box provides random access to any item. The experiments were run under similar conditions of load  , speed and temperature  , of a single ultrasonic motor. Semantic annotation of queries using DBpedia. Finally  , we give the recognition result based on the searching results. Table 6shows examples of queries transformed through both alternatives. Like the hill climbing method  , we stop adjusting the weights when the increase between the current AUC and the previous AUC is less than a very small value ¯. the one that is to be classified with respect to a similarity or dissimilarity measure. First  , we hope to demonstrate that the complexity problems usually associated with Q-learning 17 in complex scenarios can be overcome by using role-switching. A Chinese topic contains four parts: title  , description  , narrative and key words relevant to whole topic. c Learning on unlocked table: robot correctly estimates a mass and friction that reproduce the observed trajectory. This is can be solved using stochastic gradient descent or other numerical methods. Another useful search option is offered by video OCR. Schematically  , preservation means that the state of ω stays within the same ≡ I -equivalence class. Specifically  , in this work we employ the SkipGram algo- rithm 25 which learns word embedding in an unsupervised way by optimizing the vector similarity of each word to context words in a small window around its occurrences in a large corpus. The type of the tax is set to TurnoverTax  , since all taxes in BMEcat are by definition turnover taxes. The above likelihood function can then be maximized with respect to its parameters. Ideally the Kendall-τ 3 Similar results were also observed for Pearson correlation but not reported due to lack of space. But in our CLIR system  , in some degree  , word disambiguation has not taken some obvious affect to retrieval efficiency. Whenever a context change is detected  , the change is immediately examined to decide its influence on pat. This is because even though we invested considerable effort  , we were not able to locate an offthe-shelf German Italian machine translation system. In cooperation with BookCrossing   , we mailed all eligible users via the community mailing system  , asking them to participate in our online study. Match chooses a set of paths from the semistructure that match a user-given path regular expression . In his 1968 letter  , Dijkstra noted that the programmer manipulates source code as a way to achieve a desired change in the program's behaviour; that is  , the executions of the program are what is germane  , and the source code is an indirect vehicle for achieving those behaviours. However  , the improvements of IMRank seems more visible under the TIC model. that is simply an integrator  , Along the trajectories of Euler's equation in Choosing a first order stable transfer function leads to a compensator E. For voice and plctures  , however  , patterns are not easy to detlne and they often require compllcated and tlmd oonsumlng pattern recognltlon technlauss rRsdd76. In cases where the model " overshoots " the measured value  , the saved value will be negative. As mentioned before  , substructure search and similarity search are common and important for structure search  , but not for formula search  , because formulae do not contain enough tructural information. In particular  , the random forest classifier achieves an AUC value of 0.71 in a cross-project setting  , but yields a lower AUC value of 0.67 in a within-project setting. 41 developed the cyclic weighted median CWM method to solve Formula 1  , which achieves the state-of-the-art image data imputation performance. Basically  , a model of Type I is a model where balls tokens are randomly extracted from an urn  , whilst in Type II models balls are randomly extracted from an urn belonging to a collection of urns documents. We showed that by using a generic approach to generate SPARQL queries out of predicate-argument structures  , HAWK is able to achieve up to 0.68 F-measure on the QALD-4 benchmark. Besides thesaurus based QE described in section 1 and 2  , we proposed a new statistical expansion approach called local co-occurrence based query expansion  , shown in section 3. Allamanis and Sutton 3 trains n-gram language model a giga-token source code corpus. It is equipped with some search data structure usually a search tree that can be used to find the posting list associated with a given term. Many problems related to the folding and unfolding of polyhedral objects have recently attracted the attention of the computational geometry community 25. Several measurements were made to ascertain the quality of the various selection techniques  , as seen in Figure 1. Clearly  , the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method using our weighting scheme referred as 'PCC+' outperforms the other three methods in all configurations. We expected the first prefix-global feature to receive a large negative weight  , guided by the intuition that humans would always go directly to the target as soon as this is possible. We note that the depth first traverse of the DOM tree generally matches the same sequence of the nodes appearing in the webpage. The autoencoder was found to be computationally infeasible when applied to the described datasets and therefore its retrieval performance is not presented. Christensen  , Møller and Schwartzbach developed a string analyzer for Java  , which approximates the value of a string expression with a regular language 7. Evaluating document-level alignments can have fundamentally different goals. Thus the mapping from one we consider the characteristically same configuration of a manipulator. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark 17 BSBM also generates fulltext content and person names. Our pattern matching component consists of two parts  , fixed pattern matching and partial pattern matching. Other methods require  , in fact  , setting the dwell time threshold before the model is actually built. Figure 1shows that if one of the query terms is not translated x-axis  , how the corresponding AP y-axis changes using the correct translations of the rest of terms as a query. In a series of experiments we highlighted the importance of semantic proximity between query expansion terms and the center of user attention. Tabels 1 and 2 show that the breadth first search is exhaustive it finds solutions with one step fewer re- grasps. This increased our discovery rate by almost an order of magnitude. We now augment the sort merge outerjoin with compression shown in Figure 1 . Consequently  , an action in the state-based model will correspond to multiple concrete-class events in the traces. Pair-wise pvalues are shown in Table 4. The optimization yields the optimal path and exploits the available kinematic and actuator redundancy to yield optimal joint trajectories and actuator forces/torques. All t-SNE projections contain a large number of clusters of different density and size that group vector states by their similarities in the vector state space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . Silhouette hypotheses were rendered from a cylindrical 3D body model to an binary image buffer using OpenGL. The empirical transfer function r��:� is also plotted. The other 90% were used to learn the pLSA model while the held-out set was used to prevent overfitting  , namely using the strategy of early stopping. As mentioned earlier  , X k ,j denotes the corresponding user feature vector. For comparison  , Breese reported a computing time to generate ratings for one user using Pearson correlation of about 300ms on a PII- 266 MHz machine. For example  , in BMEcat the prices of a product are valid for different territories and intervals  , in different types and currencies  , but all prices relate to the same customer no multi-buyer catalogs. Our performance experiments demonstrate the efficiency and practical viability of TopX for ranked retrieval of XML data. Topic modelling approaches can be used by scholars to capture the topics discussed in various corpora  , including news articles  , books 5 and tweets 4  , 15. Where q c is the parameter which determines the controller convergence speed. Most robotics related applications of game theory have focused on game theory's traditional strategy specific solution concepts 5. Consider a dimension incomplete data object X obs . Game theory and interdependence theory Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. However   , these extracted topics are latent variables without explicit meaning and cannot be regarded as the given categories . The search method described formally in Figure   3 is to successively narrow the search interval until its size is a given fraction of the initial search region. The five sorts are: Straight insertion  , Quicksort  , Heapsort  , List/Merge sort and Distribution Counting sort. This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. However  , these two dimensions of flexibility also make automatic formulation of CNF queries computationally challenging  , and makes manual creation of CNF queries tedious. is a stable transfer function. Due to its popularity and success in the previous studies  , it is used as the baseline approach in our study. But theories of evolutionary learning or individual learning do. For more details of the evaluation framework please refer to 15 ,16. To make software evolution easier  , Dijkstra 9 and Parnas 18 recommended that any particular program be developed as though it is a member of a family of potential programs that share some common properties  , facilitated through appropriate abstraction of these commonalities. by embedding meta data with RDFa. Finally  , while we did assume label independence during random forest construction  , label correlations present in the training data will be learnt and implicitly taken into account while making predictions. Model fitting on AE features was performed using WEKA 3.7 30  , and the response model was calculated in MATLAB. With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. The Q-learning module of the ACT- PEN agent used a discount rate of 1.0 and actions were selected greedily from the current policy with ties being broken randomly. DBSCAN must set Eps large enough to detect some clusters. Results  , measured using Pearson correlation over the 10 folds and both data sets are presented in Table 2a. The merit of template matching is that it is tolerant to noise and flexible about template pattern. Following is a list of the keywords and keyphrases to be used in the mechanized search. Normal frames with a hea.der pattern can be used for both matching and inheritance . 4a comparison of the retrieval results for the 25 queries. Text re-use has a number of applications including restatement retrieval 1  , near duplicate detection 2 ,3  , and automatic plagiarism detection 4 ,5. Thus  , in practice we look for a subset that maximizes the Pearson correlation betweenˆMΦ betweenˆ betweenˆMΦ and M . The documents retrieved by the web browsers of focused crawlers are validated before they are stored in a repository or database. Link type specific evolution dependency  , as it is discussed in section 3.4  , is captured by link type specific strategies. It is also a practice of mass collaboration at a world-wide scale that allows users to vote for ranking of search results and improve search performance. The search is breadth-first and proceeds by popping a node from the head of OPEN list and generating the set of child nodes for the constituent states steps 1-4. All machines have a nonaccepting start-state. An object o is directly density reachable from another object o if it is not farther away than a given density radius ε and o is surrounded more than θ objects. We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space  , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. The only interesting orders that are generated are those that are due to choice of a join method e.g. For any regular expression  , we allow concatenation AND and plus OR to be commutative and define a commuted regular expression of regular expression e to be any regular expression that can be derived from e by a sequence of zero or more commutative operations. For each symptom e in our dataset  , we measure the posterior probability Pek that the event " CKD stage k " happens with the event at the same Score Ours Baseline Kendall's τ 0.810 0.659 Pearson correlation 0.447 -0.007 visit. Deep learning with top-down transfer DL+TT: The same architecture and training set as DL except for the ontology priors embedded in the top  , fully connected layer. Therefore  , we consider the following additional features: -co-occurrences of the expansion term with the original query terms; -proximity of the expansion terms to the query terms. A new probabilistic generative model is proposed for the generation of document content as well as the associated social annotations. Later  , when the designer needs to model the transport system between production cells of the flexible manufacturing system  , he can search in the repository and recover candidates models for reuse. In our experiment  , the search workload under the fixed workload scheme is set to be 2500 50 generations with 50 individuals in each generation  and is stipulated by workload function w = ϕ 2 in The time complexity may now become exponential with respect to ϕ as long as the workload function is an exponential function w.r.t ϕ. That was in contrary to the results we got using query expansion over 2011 and 2012 topics. In general our contiguous support vector machine is more  sitive and more specific. In 14  , the authors present the X-Scan operator for evaluating regular path expression queries over streaming XML data. Note that  , some references may have been cited more than once in the citing papers. The main result is that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropybased LSH methods to achieve various search quality levels and it is more time efficient than the entropy-based LSH method. Representations for interaction have a long history in social psychology and game theory 4  , 6. This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. The robot has been also trained to overcome an obstacle in the direction of the goal obtaining analogous results initializing also in this case randomly the Q-function. The pro­ posed method for graph folding is one of the solutions allowed by the general concept of state safety testing. The TrackMeNot project 12   , for example   , inserts random queries into the stream of queries issued by a user  , with the intent of making it harder for a search engine company to determine a particular user's interests. The emotional state annotations are derived through a framework based on a Multi-layer Support Vector Machine ap- proach 18. This regular expression is then applied on the sentences extracted by the search engine for 2 purposes: i. Since it is difficult  , in general  , to decide which junction belongs to the scene object of interest  , we matched all 21 features with the corresponding model ones. The constraints used were similarity in image intensity and smoothness in disparity . We have shown here that at least as far as the current state of the art with respect to Boolean operators is concerned  , a probabilistic theory of information retrieval can be equally beneficial in this regard. proposed a simulated annealing approach with several heuristics 9  , and Mathioudakis et al. The latest comment prior to closing the pull request matches the regular expression above. She can ask the librarian's assistance with regards to the terminology and structure of the domain of interest  , or search the catalogue  , then she can browse the shelf that covers the topic of interest and pick the items that are best for the task at hand. Hence  , the quasi-steady model we compare with only contains the translational term. We define a switch as an event of changing one search engine to another in order to continue the current search session. The most rapid changes in position may be associated with the higher frequency components of the position command signal. Unlike many common retrieval models that use unsupervised concept weighting based on a single global statistic  , parameterized query expansion leverages a number of publicly available sources such as Wikipedia and a large collection of web n-grams  , to achieve a more accurate concept importance weighting. As discussed in Section 1  , the other important measure of hand controller performance is its achievable stiffness  , which is provided by a position control loop with transfer function T  , between sensed position Xs and actuator force Fa. Therefore  , we need to convert a triple pattern into a set of coordinates in data space  , using the same hash functions that we used for index creation  , to obtain coordinates for a given RDF triple. This is generated during mapping; as the robot moves into unvisited areas  , it drops nodes at regular intervals  , and when it moves between existing nodes it connects them. Each strategy generates its own tj given source term si. " To ensure critical mass  , several programmers were explicitly asked to contribute in the early stages of Stack Overflow. sources on sort-merge join "   , and this metalink instance is deemed to have the importance sideway value of 0.8. sources on query optimization is viewing  , learning  , etc. In this work  , we propose the Time Varying Relational Classifier TVRC framework—a novel approach to incorporating temporal dependencies into statistical relational models. Note that the proposed search-result-based approach produced better translations than the anchor-text-based approach for the random Web queries. The first query is a general term  , by which the user is searching for the best coffee in Seattle area; whereas the second query is used to search for a coffee shop chain named as Seattle's Best Coffee which was originated from Seattle but now has expanded into other cities as well. Indeed  , the computational strategy adopted consists of a hierarchical model fitting  , which limits the range of labeling possibilities. For example  , the proximity function can be evaluated by keeping track of the word count in relation to specified set of pattern matches. When possible  , the local proxy is equipped with a large local store which the client can locally search. The derivation of t from a induces a mapping  , cl  , from concrete designs to concrete loads parameterized by a choice of abstract load. The hidden variables in PLSA correspond to the events that a term w in document d is generated from the j-th topic. Given an existing single-machine indexer  , one simple way to take advantage of MapReduce is to leverage reducers to merge indexes built on local disk. Figure 8shows the part of the configuration for Topic 78 produced by the systems with query expansion. To compare the behavior of Arab and non-Arab users as defined in Data Section  , we present the two user populations in FiguresTable 5shows Pearson product-moment correlation r and Spearman rank correlation coefficient ρ between the percentage of #JSA tweets and the percentage of Muslims in the country's population in various slices of data. The purpose of using such hard matching patterns in addition to soft matching patterns is to capture those well-formed definition sentences that are missed due to the imposed cut-off of ranking scores by soft pattern matching and centroid-based weighting. Allowing disconnected sub-ensembles would imply an exponential search through all subsets of the total ensemble  , and distributing information between the members of these subsets would require significant multi-hop messaging. Since the parameters are estimated based on actual sensor data e.g. A large body of work in combinatorial pattern matching deals with problems of approximate retrieval of strings 2  , 11. The Reranking is performed by using a similarity measure between a query vector and a web page in the search results. If there is a probabilistic model for the additional input and the scan matching function is a negative log likelihood  , then integration is straightforward. This trajectory  , moreover  , is generate in advance. Results The data are summarized in Table 1   , which gives totals for each pattern/scope combination  , and in Fig- ure 4  , which graphs the totals for each pattern and scope examples not matching any pattern are grouped under UNKNOWN. extracted from parallel sentences in French and English  , the performance of CLIR is improved. Because the number of model parameters to be learned grows in accordance with K  , the acquired functions might not perform well when sorting unseen objects due to over-fitting. This figure suggests that breadth-first search crawling is fairly immune to the type of self-endorsement described above: although the size of the graph induced by the full crawl is about 60% larger than the graph induced by the 28 day crawl  , the longer crawl replaced only about 25% of the " hot " pages discovered during the first 28 days  , irrespective of the size of the " hot " set. postulated for including effort in modeling interactive information search; for example  , using cost of search actions to explain some aspects of search behavior 1  , or using search effort to explain search task success 2. First  , the new documents are parsed to extract information matching the access pattern of the refined path. We attempt to extract author names both by means of matches of the generated EREG  , or extracting the text appearing in between two matches of a GREG. Secondly  , we would like to establish whether term frequency  , as modelled by the TP distribution  , represents useful additional information. Table 2 summarizes results obtained by conc-PLSA  , Fusion- LM and voted-PLSA averaged over five languages and 10  ferent initializations. The key of most techniques is to exploit random projection to tackle the curse of dimensionality issue  , such as Locality-Sensitive Hashing LSH 20   , a very well-known and highly successful technique in this area. By adding virtual relevant documents generated by transformation of original documents to training set  , we could improve performance significantly. However  , they become computationally expensive for large manufacturing lines i.e. One study built on the Wing-Kristofferson model to propose various model-fitting techniques for synchronization cases 16. Tracking of articulated finger motion in 3D space is a highdimensional problem. No matching pattern indicates that PAR cannot generate a successful patch for a bug since no fix template has appropriate editing scripts. In addition  , superposition events come with a flexible way in quantifying how much evidence the observation of dependency κ brings to its component terms. The regular expression is a simple example for an expression that would be applied to the content part of a message. It may be possible that one or more chunks in that window have been outdated  , resulting in a less accurate classification model. Figure 3 shows a measure of this improvement. 15  proposes a multi-Criteria-based active learning for the problem of named entity recognition using Support Vector Machine. Whereas in the CONTROL condition 20% of the adjectives chosen belonged to the machine category  , 20% to the humanized one and 60% to the relational one. In the cast of sort-merge joins  , queries could hc divided into small  , medium and large classes hascd on the size of the memory needed for sorting the relations. The best ranking loss averaged among the four DSRs is 0.2287 given by Structured PLSA + Local Prediction compared with the baseline of 0.2865. The search follows scoping rules. Our experiments on six standard TREC collections indicate the effectiveness of our dependence model: It outperforms substantially over both the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the state-of-the-art unigram and bigram language models. On the other hand  , Item is based on content similarity as measured by Pearson's correlation coefficient proposed in 1. With the features obtained from the images and the differences between the real and estimated robot pose  , two data files have been built to study the problem and obtain the classifier using machine learning techniques 3 . Intrinsic to the problem is a need to transform the query  , document  , or both  , into a common terminological representation  , using available translation resources. As we increase σ k   , the performance in both Figure first increases and thereafter declines slightly. This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. As a stream of individual entries  , a blog feed can be viewed at multiple levels of granularity. In cultures where people speak both Chinese and English  , using mixed language is a common phenomenon. With r > 0  , the partitioning property that we prove for our scheme allows for maintaining space and time efficiency while using whole seed sets instead of single node landmarks to approximate the distances. Second  , in PRM applications  , it is usually considered sufficient to find any feasible path connecting the start and goal. Assuming that the training labels on instance j make its state path unambiguous   , let s j denote that path  , then the first-derivative of the log-likelihood is L-BFGS can simply be treated as a black-box optimization procedure  , requiring only that one provide the firstderivative of the function to be optimized. This expression can be evaluated to a mathematical formula which represents any arbitrary reachability property. Figures 3 and 4 summarize the results. The parameters of the LSTM configuration  , i.e. Our approaches R-LTR-NTN and PAMM-NTN with the settings of using the PLSA or doc2vec as document representations are denoted with the corresponding subscripts. The second step is the roadmap connection where several more powerful local planners are used. During this evaluation campaign  , we also proposed a domain-specific query expansion. To this end  , we are interested in hashing users and items into binary codes for efficient recommendation since the useritem similarity search can be efficiently conducted in Hamming space. In this work  , we take advantage of the advancement in speech recognition  , to explore a high-quality transcribed query log  , but do not delve into speech recognition aspects. The main motivations for using word2vec for our automatic evaluation were twofold: 1 Verifying whether two texts convey the same meaning is a sub-problem to Question-Answering itself. It requires a model of the robot+camera transfer function  , which is computed using I  , The controller is a generalized predictive controller that is described in section III. To evaluate the ranking results of the different similarity measures  , we took all chemical entities that were retrieved by a similarity search in the field of drug design  , they expect different ranking results for the same query term. Quantitative results in terms of segment magnification obtained in the second view  , fitting errors  , and surfaces types are summarized in Table I. O j could be used for determining the similarity between Boolean search request formulations  , its inherent deficiencies have stimulated further investigation. However  , such random search techniques have produced some of the best results on practical planning problems. With RL D-k it is not necessary to adjust the transition time such as in Q-learning to get an optimal behaviour of the vehicle. This approach is particularly useful in that it provides seamless access to personalized projects from other applications. Age and gender: Regular expression are used to extract and normalize age and gender information from the documents and queries. Our goal is to design a good indexing method for similarity search of large-scale datasets that can achieve high search quality with high time and space efficiency. Relational query optimization  , however  , impacts XQuery semantics and introduces new challenges. From Table 1  , we can see that the search space for optimizing a path expression is exponential to the path length. Database systems are being applied to scenarios where features such as text search and similarity scoring on multiple attributes become crucial. The following are 2 examples of such patterns for age and  , respectively  , ethnicity classification: We were able to determine the ethnicity of less than 0.1% users and to find the gender of 80%  , but with very low accuracy . These feature values are then used by a ranking model calculated via Learning To Rank to provide an ordered list of vocabulary terms. The PLM at a position of a document would be estimated based on the propagated word counts from the words at all other positions in the document. In our case  , the closed position loop transfer function of one motor is approximated by a first order system : Winding motors can have a very small response time  , but in the general case  , the motor position control loop cannot be neglected in the full open loop transfer function of one mode. However  , this pQ normalization factor is useful if we want a meaningful interpretation of the scores as a relative change in the likelihood and if we want to be able to compare scores across different queries. As shown by the results  , compared with the results obtained without query expansion see Table 17  , the query expansion does improve retrieval performance  , if an appropriate setting is applied. More specifically  , we are concerned with query expansion in service to hashtag retrieval. This is attractive  , because most PIM software applications can export content to BMEcat. If the similarity-degree of a title and/or subtitles is higher than the threshold ­  , the title and/or subtitles are regarded a similar title and/or similar subtitles  , and the contents of the title and subtitles are considered similar contents. MSE stands for the mean value of the squared errors between all the predicted data points and corresponding label points. These search based methods work only for low-dimensional systems because their time/space complexity is exponential in the dimension of the explored set. To avoid such an overhead  , each time a pattern is converted from an expression  , the expression's instruction is added to the re-evaluation rules that include the new pattern. used six electrodes mounted on target muscles and a support vector machine was employed as a classifier 2. The score function to be maximized involves two parts: i the log-likelihood term for the inliers  The problem is thus an optimization problem. Tree-Pattern Matching. In our experiments  , we use the gensim implementation of skipgram models 2 . A search engine switching event is a pair of consecutive queries that are issued on different search engines within a single search session. Sort bufler size is the size of a data buffer for inmemory sort/merge. With these operations  , the regular expression can be treated just like an arithmetic expression to generate the summary function  , which was done to generate the table of solution templates in Appendix B. The evaluation is given every 1 second. 6 A similar threshold has been used to demarcate search sessions in previous work on search engine switching 16 and in related studies of user search behavior 20 ,26. Bottom-up tree pattern matching has been extensively studied in the area of classic tree pattern matching 12. The advantages of this type of programming language in compiler-like tools is well-known 1. With weight parameters  , these can be integrated into one distribution over documents  , e.g. The results of the Mapping stage are sufficiently random so that more space-expensive approaches are unnecessary . Fig.1illustrates the unified entity search framework based on the proposed integral multi-level graph. We obtained 343 random queries from Microsoft Help and Support Search Query logs. This factor is determined by observations made by exteroceptive sensors in this case the camera  , and is a function of the similarity between expected measurements and observed measurements. The model can be formulated as In contrast to ARSA  , where we use a multi-dimensional probability vector produced by S-PLSA to represent bloggers' sentiments  , this model uses a scalar number of blog mentions to indicate the degree of popularity. The pattern was initially mounted on a tripod and arbitrarily placed in front of the stereo head Fig. We take the top 10 Wikipedia articles  , extract 30 expansion terms and give the expansion query a weight of 0.5. We first classify each query into different categories. When setting the speed-up factor to 1.0  , we obtain the number of updates denoted by MaxUpdates up to which the multiple application of IncrementalDBSCAN for each update is more efficient than the single application of DBSCAN to the whole updated database. In the first step we exclude from consideration query plans with nested-loop join operators  , while allowing every other operator including sort-merge and hash joins. Often  , regularization terms The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. We shall show that this transfer function has several desirable properties. So MinP ts must be large enough to distinguish noise and clusters. It has been suggested that CLIR can potentially utilize the multiple useful translations in a bilingual lexicon to improve retrieval performance Klavans and Hovy  , 1999. They are extracted based on a set of regular expression rules. For example  , consider the following two queries: In general  , the design philosophy of our method is to achieve a reasonable balance between efficiency and detection capability. We reused the same corpus-based methods that we utilized last year with considerable success  , while experimenting with using a number of off-the-shelf machine translation products. In the mathematical literature  , breadth first search Is typically preferred. Our immediate next target is to extend TL-PLSA with a method for estimating the number of shared classes of the two domains. The queries were drawn from the logs uniformly at random by token without replacement  , resulting in a query sample representative of the overall query distribution. Our initial examination revealed that the allocated users IDs are very evenly distributed across the ID space. A softmax regressor layer is connected to FC9 to output the label of input samples. a differentiable bijective mapping between the sensor-space and the state-space of the system 16. The last LSTM decoder generates each character  , C  , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128  , ht−1  , for the next time-step prediction. As per Table 2  , our automatic evaluation MRR1 scores have a moderately strong positive Pearson correlation of .71 to our manual evaluation. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. All 49 regular expressions were successfully derived by iDRegEx. However  , the edit distance for similarity measurement is not used for two reasons: 1 Computing edit distances of the query and all the names in the data set is computationally expensive  , so a method based on indexed features of substrings is much faster and feasible in practice . We propose the DL2R system based on three novel insights: 1 the integration of multidimension of ranking evidences  , 2 context-based query reformulations with ranked lists fusion  , and 3 deep learning framework for the conversational task. Moreover  , MindFinder also enables users to tag during the interactive search  , which makes it possible to bridge the semantic gap. Finally  , the Analyzer generates code for the Operator that uses the regular expression http://weather ?city=. When an item is inserted in the FP-tree  , sort the items in contingency weight ascending order. So in the end  , we choose the first 10 words ranking in tf*idf retrieval lists besides original words of query itself as the query expansion. To this purpose we have proposed randomized procedures based on genetic programming or simulated annealing 8  , 9. This hill-climbing search was conducted on COCOMO II data divided into pre-and post-1990 projects. Such useful documents may then be ranked low by the search engine  , and will never be examined by typical users who do not look beyond the first page of results. Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. First  , both relations R and S are sorted on the join attribute by using an efficient sorting mechanism e.g. The model can be directly used to derive quantitative predictions about term and link occurrences. GP has been shown to perform well under such conditions. 2In the real-time walk of a legged robot  , a ground model should first be established during the previous gait period. Techniques for efficient query expansion. The present paper presents a method to reliably learn regular expressions that are far more complex than the classes of expressions previously considered in the literature. Specifically for automated repair   , for random search one candidate patch can be discarded immediately once the patch is regarded as invalid. The performance of Human Interest Model and Soft Pattern Bigram Model for each entity type can be seen in Figure 2 . DBSCAN parameters were set to match the expected point density of the bucket surface. One of the advantages of latent variable methods such as ICA  , NMF and PLSA is that they give a parsimonious representation of the data. Two synthetic datasets generated using RDF benchmark generators BSBM 2 and SP2B 3 were used for scalability evaluation. We disabled constant folding in LLVM because our test cases use concrete constants for the optimizations that use dataflow analyses as described in Section 4. Using it for pattern matching promises much higher efficiency than using the original record. The latter limits the number of successors for each expanded state to at most K states. However  , the accuracy of query translation is not always perfect. Many participants did some form of query expansion  , particularly by extracting terms from previously known relevant documents in the routing task. However  , our approach is unique in several senses. The second approach is to project document vectors from one language into another using cross-language information retrieval CLIR techniques. The input of a transfer function is V before the execution of the instruction   , and the output is the new V after the execution. Formally  , any density matrix ρ assigns a quantum probability for each quantum event in vector space R n   , thereby uniquely determining a quantum probability distribution over the vector space. We also propose a way to estimate the result sizes of SPARQL queries with only very few statistical information. The correlation does not indicate how often the computer grader would have assigned the correct grade. More importantly  , the improvement of our system more and more depends on the details  , such as word segmentation  , HTML deobfuscation  , MIME normalization  , character set folding  , etc. Since both energy functions can be locally minimized by preserving the overlap  , a definite hill climbing is involved. Search Engine with interactive query expansion semi. For this design  , the global open loop transfer function of each mode is required. In this paper  , we propose to use the BMEcat XML standard as the starting point to make highly structured product feature data available on the Web of Data. A walk expression is a regular expression without union  , whose language contains only alternating sequences of node and edge types  , starting and ending with a node type. If a regular expression matched one or more paragraphs  , those paragraphs were extracted for further feature engineering. Though we use RBP and DCG as motivators  , our interest is not specifically in them but in model-based measures in general. The training objective is to find word representations such that the surrounding words the syntactic context can be predicted in a sentence or a document. Ogden and Davis 19 were among the first to study the utility of CLIR systems in interactive settings. In any case  , whichever way has been followed to actually build the program  , it is illuminating to be able to study and examine it by increasing levels of details at the reader's convenience. The user interface of the application simply consists of a text box and a keyword search can be performed pressing the " Search " button. It does  , though  , inform us about the attractiveness of the document d  , which leads to improvements on the click prediction task see Experiment 4. An important advantage of the statistical modeling approach is the ability to analyze the predictive value of features that are being considered for inclusion in the ranking scheme. This is done by recursively firing co-author search tactics. This paper is organized as follows. In general  , l in Definition 3.1 could be a component of a generalized path expression  , but we have simplified the definition for presentation purposes in this paper. To investigate the scientific knowledge inherent in patent retrieval  , we also used the NTCIR-3 CLIR test collection consisting of two years of newspaper articles  , and compared the results obtained with different genres of documents. They obtain an affordance map mapping locations at which activities take place from learned data encoding human activity probabilities. For both search engines  , added delays under 500ms were not easily noticeable by participants not better than random prediction while added delays above 1000ms could be noticed with very high likelihood. We compute each input sentence's pattern matching weight by using Equation 6. There are two directions of information retrieval research that provide a theoretical foundation for our model: the now classic work on probabilistic models of relevance  , and the recent developments in language modeling techniques for IR. Five different learning coefficients ranging: from 0.002 to 0.1 are experimented. The effectiveness of both corpus and dictionary-based resources was artificially lowered by randomly translating different proportions of query terms  , simulating variability in the coverage of resources. Only the basic pattern matching has been changed slightly. The learning component uses a data-driven and model-free approach for training the recurrent neural net  , which becomes an embedded part of a hybrid control scheme effective during execution. its inverse to be known  , the control design in conventional position controlled industrial robots can be significantly simplified if we adopt the force control law i.e. For systems with great variability in the lengths of its documents   , it would be more realistic to assume that for fixed j  , X is proportional to the length of document k. Assumption b seems to hold  , but sometimes the documents are ordered by topics  , and then adjacent documents often treat the same subject  , so that X and X~ may be positively correlated if Ik -gl is small. Each experiment performed hill climbing on a randomly selected 90% of the division data. Possible choices for s ij are the absolute value of the Pearson correlation coefficient  , or an inverse of the squared error. The item similarity between two tags SI tq  , ts is derived by computing the Pearson correlation between the two profiles as follows: similarity between two tags based on user or item overlap. The neural click models can be used to simulate user behavior on a SERP and to infer document relevance from historical user interactions. Secondly  , when each design team turned to the problem of realizing their switching or transfer function or state table  , there would be many more analytical techniques at their disposal. The robot then uses a Dijkstra-based graph search 20 to find the shortest path to the destination. We note that xtract also uses the MDL principle to choose the best expression from a set of candidates. In this section we employ a graph-rewriting approach to transform a SOA to a SORE. In the beginning  , many researchers focused on new dimension reduction technologies and new similarity measuring method for time series. We do not present an exhaustive case study.  We design an efficient last-to-first allocating strategy to approximately estimate the ranking-based marginal influence spread of nodes for a given ranking  , further improving the efficiency of IMRank. Also  , we performed some teleoperation tasks to test modified fingertip position mapping method such as: grasping a litter cube block only with index finger and thumb; grasping a bulb and a table tennis ball with four fingers. The pattern-matching language is based on regular expressions over the annotations; when a sequence of annotations is matched by the left-hand side pattern  , then the right-hand side defines the type of annotation to be added Organization in the example case above. Although this method is harder to compute and requires more memory  , the convergence rate is greater near the optimal value than that of the gradient method. The model includes infrastructural costs and revenues deriving form cloud end-users which depend on the achieved level of performance of individual requests . Proposals for pattern-matching operators are of little use unless indices can be defined to permit . One scenario is that no range information is available. When the sequence length t is large  , the huge number of classes makes the multi-class Support Vector Machine infeasible. The instance gets projected as a point in this multi-dimensional space. Besides the drawbacks of suspension and paging that we discussed in the introduction  , these hybrid approachcs would also prevent an external sort from taking advantage ol extra memory beyond the initially allocated amount Ihn may become available while the sort is in the merge phase. In many cases  , however  , the reviews are continuously becoming available  , with the sentiment factors constantly changing. I The sort merge methods can never execute laster than the time it takes to sort and scan the larger ol its relations. Over the past decade  , the Web has grown exponentially in size. This may be explained by Teleport's incorporation of both HTML tag parsing and regular expression-matching mechanisms  , as well as its ability to statically parse Javascripts and to generate simple form submission patterns for URL discovery. More specifically  , We calculate three similarity weights based on the users playcount  , users tag and users friendships respectively using the Pearson correlation coefficient and then use their weighted sum in place of wa ,u in equation 3. These query groups arc listed in Figure" tcnthoustup " relations  , all ol' the nested loops metllods lost to the sort-merge methods cvcn though the SOI-TV merge methods must sort these large relations. Before searching for a regrasp sequence  , the regrasp planner checks if the pick-and-place operation can be achieved within a single grasp. More specifically  , we compute two entropy-based features for the EDA and EMG-CS data: Shannon entropy and permutation entropy. They did not evaluate their method in terms of similarities among named entities. To automatically determine the appropriate strategy for each negotiation  , we use meta-policies. The locations of matching areas following a query are represented on the video timeline  , with button access to quickly jump forward and back through match areas. The key idea in the formulation  , therefore   , is to describe the relationship of the beginning and completion times of an operation with those of the previous and subsequent operations. A small number of " search " operations were formulated using more than one search terms combined by Boolean operators 18.49% of which a tiny portion 0.1% were also formulated reusing previously issued result sets. In this example the developer does not have access to information from previous tasks or other developers   , so a new concern is created in ConcernMapper. The BSBM SPARQL queries are designed in such a way that they contain different types of queries and operators  , including SELECT/CONTRUCT/DESCRIBE  , OPTIONAL  , UNION.  The LGM provides a solid and generic foundation for multimedia retrieval  , which can be extended towards a number of directions. By fitting two of the constants in the impact model which consist of various mass and geometric terms  , we obtained a usable model of impact which predicted average initial translation velocities to within 5 to 15 percent  , initial rotational velocities to within 30 percent. Thus  , the key elements are terms w taken from a vocabulary V R of observed words in the literal values of RDF statements in R. To obtain realistic indices we apply common techniques from the field of Information Retrieval  , such as case folding and stemming. The strategy part of each rule contains one of the evolution strategies presented above. This places reliable memory under complete database control  , eliminates double buffering  , and simplifies recovery. In 16   , a method to systematically derive semantic representation from pLSA models using the method of Fisher kernels 17  has been presented. In contrast to this direction of research  , relatively little research e.g. The results were substantially better than either search engine provided no " search engine " performed really poorly. We focused on the problem of opinion topic relatedness and we showed that using proximity information of opinionated terms to query terms is a good indicator of opinion and query-relatedness. In particular  , the results of image search for people with a small Web footprint are fairly random. This was also observed in the context of lexical source-code transformations of arbitrary programming languages 2  , where it is an alternative to manipulations of the abstract syntax tree. Each participant was expected to carry out a search task on each one of Search Friend's interfaces systematically. LM-UNI  , which was the best scoring MoIR model  , is now outscored by the other two models which rely on structured semantic representations. For similarity search under cosine similarity  , this works well  , for only similarity close to 1 is interesting. Finally  , we build a large set of manual relevance judgments to compare with our automatic evaluation method and find a moderately strong .71 Pearson positive correlation. When the hand system grasps the peg for the compliance center 0 1 of Figure 4   , this is identical to combine the two cases of Figures 2If the compliance center is moved to the point 0 2   , the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y1 in 6 changes into negative  , and the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y2 in 11 changes into negative . The basic sort merge join first sorts the two input files. The sort-merge equijoin produces a result that is sorted and hence grouped on its join attributes c nationkey. Still  , the results are indicative for our purposes. it works for any unordered data structure. First  , random forest can achieve good accuarcy even for the problem with many weak variables each variable conveys only a small amount of information. To build the word embedding matrix W W W   , we extract the vocabulary from all tweets present in TMB2011 and TMB2012. ever developed a LSHLocality Sensitive Hashing based method1  to perform calligraphic character recognition. Of particular interest are open questions related to the introduction of police-based data placement in an information integration system. Figure 4 shows the relative English-French CLIR effectiveness as compared to the monolingual French baseline. We do not describe the mechanism of such automation due to the scope and the space limitation of this paper. D is the maximum vertical deviation as computed by the KS test. currently ilnplemented  , this could be optimized by COIIIbining the final merge with the separate merges inside the two calls to sort-when. With a simple and fast heuristic we determine the language of the document: we assume the document to be in the language in which it contains the most stopwords. Using this approach we can obtain the transfer function of a system. In all  , we collected and analyzed 225 responses from a total of 10 different judges. In particular  , if the user intends to perform CLIR  , then original query is even more likely to have its correspondent included in the target language query log. We have investigated user search behavior in a complex multisession search task  , with a search system that provides various types of input components. Running a random walk on this graph is simple: we start from an arbitrary document  , at each step choose a random term/phrase from the current document  , submit a corresponding query to the search engine  , and move to a randomly chosen document from the query's result set. The task of question classification could be automatically accomplished using machine learning methods 91011. Enriching these benchmarks with real world fulltext content and fulltext queries is very much in our favor. This hierarchical agglomerative step begins with leaf clusters  , and has complexity quadratic in . We leverage a Random Forest RF classifier to predict whether a specific seller of a product wins the Buy Box. In section 4  , we describe the use of query expansion techniques. Such an approach can generate a more comprehensive understanding of users and their pref- erences 57  , 48  , 46. The transfer function frequency bins may further be smoothened through a recursive least square technique. 1633-2008 for a fitting software reliability growth model. Thus  , semantically  , the class of deterministic regular expressions forms a strict subclass of the class of all regular expressions. A given starting point was judged by exactly one participant. For example  , we use the POS tag sequence between the entity pairs as a candidate extraction pattern. However  , this expansion produces a single semantic vector only. The existing methods essentially differ in the data structures used to " index " the database to facilitate fast enumeration. They efficiently exploit historical information to speculate on new search nodes with expected improved performance. In this section  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding. Popular email applications like Google Inbox 4  and Thun- derbird 6 display search results by relevance. Since local similarity search is a crucial operation in querying biological sequences  , one needs to pay close to the match model. Since the only task was to perform a real time ad hoc search for the track  , we decided that the task would be best suited by using a traditional search methodology. The straightforward solution  , which recursively Figure 3: Tree-pattern matching by subsequence matching identifies matches for each node within the query sequence in order  , requires quadratic time in the document size and therefore becomes not competitive. They presented the concept of interesting orderings and showed how redundant sort operations could be avoided by reusing available orderings  , rendering sort-based operators like sort-merge join much more interesting. Because a vertical selection system and its target verticals are operated by a common entity e.g. Such a template can be converted to a non deterministic regular expression by replacing hole markers with blocks of " any character sequence " which would be . Ten experiments were performed with each of the two divisions. The authors showed that in general case finding all simple paths matching a given regular expression is NP-Complete  , whereas in special cases it can be tractable. Let  , the joint velocity polytope of a n-dof manipulator be described by the 2n bounding inequalities: This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. The improvement over the supervised methods is shown in Figure 4. The other three operators implement the similarity joins: Range Join  , k-Nearest Neigbors Join and k-Closest Neigbors Join 2. Browsing a " best " set required using the application's pull-down menu to open files from the hard disk. This result is really interesting because it establishes a quantitative measure of the different companies' market position in a given market and goes beyond the results each single approach -data mining and game theory -could provide. Two retrieval runs were submitted: one consisting of the title and description sections only T+D and the other consisting of all three title  , description  , and narrative sections T+D+N. For each interface modeled we created a storyboard that contained the frames  , widgets  , and transitions required to do all the tasks  , and then demonstrated the tasks on the storyboard. Once we created the testing datasets  , we extract topics from the data using both PLSA and NetPLSA. Extensive research on similarity search have been proposed in recent years. The CWB computes the similarity-degrees of the title and/or subtitles through a breadth-first search because the title and subtitles are within a nested structure. To summarize the results  , the experiments indicated that basically the came cluster results can be achieved by spending only a fhction of time for the training proceua. Georeferencing has not only been applied to images or videos. Since optimization of queries is expensive   , it is appropriate that we eliminate queries that are not promising  , i.e. Let L1 be the source language and L2 be the target language in CLIR  , all our corpus-based methods consist of the following steps: 1. An illustrative example of a catalog and its respective conversion is available online 7 . The instrumentation is based on rules for pattern-matching and is thus independent of the actual application. the top tags in the ranked tag list are the keywords that can best describe the visual content of the query image  , the group will be found with high probability. Our approach to CLIR takes advantage of machine translation MT to prepare a source-language query for use in a target-language retrieval task. Their methods automatically estimate the scaling parameter s  , by selecting the fit that minimizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS D − statistic. cur i u can be viewed as a curiousness score mapped from an item's stimulus on the curiosity distribution. 'Organic search' is the classic search where users enter search terms and search engines return a list of relevant web pages. We plot the distribution of search ranking among sites in Figure 3c. In evoultionary strategy ES  , state vector 2 was composed of n-dimensional real-valued vector and mutation step size 0. It is a probabilistic model that considers documents as binary vectors and ranks them in order of their probability of relevance given a query according to the Probability Ranking Principle 2. The objective function in MTL Trace considers the trace-norm of matrix W for regularization. Accomplishing all this in a small project would be impossible if the team were building everything from scratch. The problem solving task is defined as any learning task where the system receives a reward only upon entering a goal state. The two objects in the tank are a triangular prism  , made by folding aluminum sheets  , and an aluminum cylinder with thick walls. It was especially mentioned that robots  , which are indistinguishable from humans  , might cause problems due to a transfer of emotions towards them. " The retrieval model we use to rank video shots is a generative model inspired by the language modelling approach to information retrieval 2  , 1  and a similar probabilistic approach to image re- trieval 5. maximum expected likelihood is indeed the true matching σI . Since we assume the problem solving task  , the unbiased Q-learning takes long time. A search trail is represented by an ordered sequence of user actions. The system is capable of contextual search capability which performs eeective document-to-document similarity search. Due to the limited length of this paper   , we refer readers to the project landing page hosting the open source code repository 8   , where they can find a detailed overview of all the features of the converter  , including a comprehensive user's guide. Each perturbation vector is directly applied to the hash values of the query object  , thus avoiding the overhead of point perturbation and hash value computations associated with the entropy-based LSH method. These hashing methods try to encode each data example by using a small fixed number of binary bits while at the same time preserve the similarity between data examples as much as possible. For a given camera and experimental setup  , this likelihood function can be computed analytically more details in Sections III-E and III-F. If the heuristics guides the search to a local minimum  , a random subgoal is generated and the heuristic strategy is attempted via the subgoal configuration. We found that query expansion techniques  , such as acronym expansion  , while improving 1-concept query retrieval performance  , have little effect on multiconcept queries. This global objective function is hard to evaluate. The edit operations which we allow in approximate matching are insertions  , deletions and substitutions of symbols  , along with insertions of inverted symbols corresponding to edge reversals and transpositions of adjacent symbols  , each with an assumed cost of 1. We calculate three similarity weights based on the users playcount  , users tag and users friendships respectively using the Pearson correlation coefficient and then use their weighted sum in place of wa ,u in equation 3. It provides a basic search grammar  , which can be used for searching  , but a server could also support other grammars as the mechanism is extensible. First  , unlike most other query expansion techniques  , we use key phrases as the basic unit for our query term. On the second task  , our model demonstrates that previous state-of-the-art retrieval systems can benefit from using our deep learning model. For our dataset we used clicks collected during a three-month period in 2012. Annotations are implemented as anchors with a PSpec that describes the type popup  , replace  , prefix   , postfix and text of the annotation. To make this plausible we have formulated hash-based similarity search as a set covering problem. However   , our solution  , D-Search can handle categorical distributions as well as numerical ones. For an MDN with one or more central servers  , the third component generates regular expression signatures based on the URLs and also conducts signature pruning. A crucial aspect of faceted search is the design of a user interface  , which offers these capabilities in an intuitive way. Both can be applied for annotating a text document automatically. The subjects varied in their ability to identify good expansion terms  , being able to identify 32% -73% of the good expansion terms. In order to generate gold standard for representative phrases  , we utilize both the true DSR ratings and human annotation. These categories conform to TREC's general division of question topics into 4 main entity types 13 . For larger datasets  , this overhead gets amortized and Ontobroker comes out on top. Search Engine with automatic query expansion auto. For query expansion  , we made use of the external documents linked by the URLs in the initial search results for query expansion. The way this information can be used is best described using the probabilistic model of retrieval  , although the same information has been used effectively in systems based on the vector space model Salton and McGill  , 1983; Salton  , 1986; Fagan  , 1987  , 1981  , 1983. This was particularly important in the sort-merge  ,join cast. The main message to take away from this section is that we use distributed representations sequences of vector states as detailed in §3.1 to model user browsing behavior. WordNet synsets are used for query expansion. A support vector machine classifier is able to achieve an identification accuracy of over 88% using either the full force profile over the insertion or through the section of perceive work and stiffness metrics. However  , the degrees of improvement are not similar for all the query sets. The dotted lines indicate the path each contact took in 3D space during the iterated refinement and hill climbing steps. When the wheel is moved from the desired position  , the control torque sent to the wheel attempts to drive the angular position back to zero. Ideally  , a similarity search system should be able to achieve high-quality search with high speed  , while using a small amount of space. An exact positioning of the borderline between the various groups of similar documents  , however  , is not as intuitively to datarmine as with hierarchical feature maps that are presented above. As mentioned above  , the semantic web and ontology based search system introduced in this study developed the next generation in search services  , such as flexible name search  , intelligence sentence search  , concept search  , and similarity search  , by applying the query to a Point Of Interest search system in wireless mobile communication systems. We propose a new query expansion mechanism  , which appropriately uses the various document fields available. QALD-2 has the largest number of queries with no performance differences  , since both FSDM and SDM fail to find any relevant results for 28 out of 140 queries from this fairly difficult query set. As mentioned earlier  , the sort-merge join method is used. We conducted significant testing t-test on the improvements of our approaches over the baselines. He was most recently Founder and CEO of Powerset  , a semantic search startup Microsoft acquired in 2008. is currently Partner  , Search Strategist for Bing  , Microsoft's new search engine. The hidden aspects caught are used to improve the performance of a ranked list by re-ranking. In particular  , the occurrence of the regular expression operators concatenation  , disjunction +  , zero-or-one  ? Permission to copy without fee all or part of this material is granted provided that the copies are not made or distributed for direct commercial advantage  , the VLDB copyright notice and the title of the publication and its date appear  , and notice is given that copying is by permission of the Very Large Data Base Endowment. Figure 5 shows that performances of CyCLaDEs are quite similar. For example  , if OOPDTool detects an instance of the FactoryMethod design pattern  , it would detect not only the presence of this pattern in the design but also all classes corresponding to the Abstract Creator  , Concrete Creator  , Abstract Product  , and Concrete Product participants found in this design pattern instance. Despite the great deal of motion planning research  , not much work has been done directly on the area of pushing planning. At every jvar-node  , we take intersection of bindings generated by its adjacent tp-nodes and after the intersection  , drop the triples from tp-node Bit- Mats as a result of the dropped bindings. If we assign a reward function according to the Euclidean distance to the goal to speed 13t8 Table 2up the learning  , we would suffer from local maxima of Q-values because the Euclidean distance measure cannot always reflect the length of the action sequence because of the non-holonomic property of the mobile robot. The important requirement for doing this successfully is that we include in a users ontology all concepts  , which influence her ranking function. Second  , it constructs a complete representation of the paths at the place  , and hence of the dstates and possible turn actions. Expansion terms from fully expanded queries are held back from the query to simulate the selective and partial expansion of query terms. For each context pattern and each snippet search engine returned  , select the words matching tag <A> as the answer. It should be obvious  , without going through a complex matching procedure  , that the points on the adjacent flat sueaces cannot belong to the model  , which is curved at all points. Neither do the similar queries retrieved via random walks SQ1 and SQ3 provide very useful expansion terms since most of the similar queries are simply different permutations of the same set of terms. The similarity between users based on the user-class matrix can still be measured by computing Pearson correlation. 3 9 queries with monolingual average precision higher than CLIR. 8 Merge creates a key which is the union of the keys of its inputs  , and preserves both functional dependencies that hold of its inputs. In addition  , MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 11  , item taxonomy 9 and attributes 1  , social relations 8  , and 3-way interactions 21. Translation experiments and CLIR experiments are based on the CLEF topic titles C041-C200  , which are capitalized  , contain stopwords and full word forms. The effectiveness of a strategy for a single topic is computed as a function of the ranks of the relevant documents. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first characterization of this tradeoff. The abduction angle characterizes the angle of the finger in the palm's plane  , whereas the flexion angle corresponds to the folding of the finger in the plane perpendicular to the palm. The tasks compared the result 'click' distributions where the length of the summary was manipulated. In twitter corpus based query expansion  , we first use TREC-API to get the top ranked tweet set. However  , the language model would often make mistakes that the regular expression classifier would judge correctly. We describe a conceptual mapping and the implementation of a respective software tool for automatically converting BMEcat documents into RDF data based on the GoodRelations vocabulary 9. By decreasing T gradually  , units tries possible reachable positions uniformly in earlier steps. Taken together  , these results indicate that users tend to explicitly change the default search type citations search and prefer to run a document type search. To derive a lower bound on prediction quality  , we next present an approach for generating pseudo AP predictors  , whose prediction quality can be controlled. Applied to the gene expression data  , DBSCAN found 6 relatively large clusters where the fraction of genes with functional relationships was rather small. In ll  the classification task is performed by a self-organizing Kohonen's map. If many output tuples am generated  , the Hash Loop Join will perform better. In particular  , Figure 5cshows that for query sessions generated by queries of the same frequency and having the same click pattern  , the subspaces of the vector states consist of single dense clusters. The query language is based on a hyperwalk algebra with operations closed under the set of hyperwalks. The reason is that we map different overall detection ratios to the same efficiency class  , respectively  , different sets of individual detection ratios to the same span by using the range subdivisions . After this iterative search  , an additional pass over the data is performed for refinement of clusters  , medoids and associated subspaces. E. W. Dijkstra  , in his book on structured pro- gramming 7   , describes a backtracking solution with pruning   , which we implemented in Java for the purpose of our experiment. In particular  , each example is represented by two types of inputs. For example  , the Gnutella data download signature can be expressed as: 'ˆServer:|User-Agent: \t*LimeWire| BearShare|Gnucleus|Morpheus|XoloX| gtk-gnutella|Mutella|MyNapster|Qtella| AquaLime|NapShare|Comback|PHEX|SwapNut| FreeWire|Openext|Toadnode' Due to the fact that it is expensive to perform full regular expression matches over all TCP payloads we exploit the fact that the required regular expression matches are of a limited variety. In the following  , we give some formulas in order to perform pattern matching between expressions and patterns. Thus  , our results allow to meet the difficult requirement of interactive-time similarity search. To extract features related to query expansion  , we first name the origin query offered by TREC'14 OriginQuery. An example of aplying the equivalent transfer function for minimizing the size of a SPN a Where: 4. However the impact of hashing on the total time is small because the sort-merge dominates the total time. The terms identified are then ANDed to the previous search query to narrow the search. However  , as the number of query terms increases  , the rates of improvement brought about by query expansion become significantly less. Finally  , to compute term similarity we used publicly available 5 pre-trained word embedding vectors. The servo control was implemented by integrating a high speed low resolution vision system with the cell controller  , and it was applied simultaneously with a tension servo control. Segmentations to piecewise constant functions were done with the greedy top-down method  , and the error function was the sum of squared errors which is proportional to log-likelihood function with normal noise. By studying the candidates generated by the QA search module  , we find that Yahoo sorted the questions in terms of the semantic similarity between the query and the candidate question title. Data which tracked the 'time to click' for each page element showed that while the mean time to click on the search box was 25.8 seconds  , the mode was only 1 second  , suggesting that many users clicked straight into the search box once the front page had been loaded. I. Node generation.  We propose the Autoregressive Sentiment Aware ARSA model for product sales prediction  , which reflects the effects of both sentiments and past sales performance on future sales performance. The cost of evaluating inner query block can vary significantly depending on the parameter sort order guaranteed by the outer query block. More concretely  , our contributions are:  We propose a mechanism for expiring cache entries based on a time-to-live value and a mechanism for maintaining the cache content fresh by issuing refresh queries to back-end search clusters  , depending on availability of idle cycles in those clusters. While many methods for expansion exist  , their application in FIR is largely unexplored. Ogilvie and Callan have proposed a global approach to query expansion for FIR 15. For the CI4OOI collection Figure 5b the bottom-up search does significantly better than the serial search at the low E end of performance. Instead  , it is defined by applying compatibility rules to the in-and output to expand the compatibility matching range. This work investigates the effect of the following techniques in reducing HTML document size  , both individually and in combination:  general tidying-up of document  , removal of proprietary tags  , folding of whitespace; Because the HTML under consideration is automatically generated and fits the DTD  , the parser need not be able to handle incorrect HTML; it can be much less robust than the parsers used by web browsers. Its reaction is modeled by an admittance with serial spring-damper dynamics with the transfer function s/s + 0.5. We have extensively tested all of these in extracting links in scholarly works. Q4 no results presented due to lack of space features the 'BEFORE' predicate which may be expensive to evaluate. In that sense  , we have presented a new framework for integrating external predicates into Datalog. In addition to the official numbers obtained with query expansion using both BRF and PBRF  , the results for the 3 other configurations no query expansion  , query expansion with BRF and query expansion with PBRF are also provided. In this paper  , the use of Q-learning as a role-switching mechanism in a foraging task is studied. with grouping  , existing pattern matching techniques are no longer effective. What is needed for learning are little variations of these quantities displacements: ∆x  , ∆F and ∆q. This type of detection likelihood has the form of  , A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. Table 1summarizes the results. What differentiates S-PLSA from conventional PLSA is its use of a set of appraisal words 4 as the basis for feature representation. In other words  , we can see that the HeteroSales framework is especially useful in the case when we only have a limited number of training data. In general  , OBIE systems use ontologies to model domain knowledge for a special area of interest. Our analyzer dynamically constructs the transducers described above for a grammar with regular expression functions and translates it into a context-free grammar. The approach places documents higher in the fused ranking if they are similar to each other. One possible source of this difference is that the crawling policies that gave rise to each data set were very different; the DS2 crawl considered page quality as an important factor in which pages to select; the DS1 crawl was a simpler breadth-first-search crawl with politeness. In above  , K fuzzy evidence structures are used for illustration . A challenge of this approach is the tradeoff between the number of cohorts and the predictive power of cohorts on individuals. Therefore  , by performing query expansion using the MRF model  , we are able to study the dynamics between term dependence and query expansion. Gates' vision of " robots in every home " includes a Roomba  , a laundry-folding robot  , and a mobile assistive robot within the home  , with security and lawn-mowing robots outside 1. 20 is diagonal  , the repetitive controller for each axis can be designed independently . Then  , we extracted a random sample of the search sessions of those " switching-tolerant " users from the period under study. As a downhill simplex method  , an initial guess of the intrinsic camera parameters is required for further calculation . Assuming the manipulator closed loop transfer function i.e. In this paper  , we present HAWK  , the to best of our knowledge first fullfledged hybrid QA framework for entity search over Linked Data and textual data. Eighteen P=18 images from each scene class were used for training and the remaining ones Q=6 for testing. Each print statement has as argument a relational expression   , with possibly some free occurrences of attributes. Moreover  , the Pearson product moment correlation coefficient 8  , 1 I  is utilized to measure the correlation between two itemsets. There are some that are designed for many dof manipulators based on random 2 Brownian motion  , sequential IO  backtracking with virtual obstacles  , or parallel 3 genetic opti-mization search. Further  , we would assume that if the experiment were reversed   , and we used as our test set a random sample from Google's query stream  , the results of the experiment would be quite different.  We introduce a deep learning model for prediction. Furthermore  , this mapping is naturally a many to many mapping that can be reduced to a many to one mapping in obstacle free environments  , thus reducing the learning space and resulting in a much better generalization. The Arabic topics were used in our monolingual experiments and the English topics in our CLIR experiments. From this point the top N candidates are passed to COGEX to re-rank the candidates based on how well the question is entailed by the given candidate answer. Thus  , increasing n increases the importance of achieving good transfer efficiency. -constrain paths based on the presence or absence of certain nodes or edges. The mapping  , termed the planar kinematic mapping in Bottema and Roth 1979  , is a special case of dual quaternion representation of object position in a three dimensional space. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and then applies the soft-pattern model for matching these definition sentences. call this distributed out-of-core sort. For the case that only the drive factors are incomplete  , LRSRI can obtain better imputation results than other imputation methods  , which indicates the effectiveness of the low-rank recovery technique with our designed data structurization strategy. The searches were conducted on Wikipedia using a commercial test search engine created by Search Technologies Corp. We used the commercial search engine  , because Wikipedia does not provide full-text search. We utilize the Clarke Tax mechanism that maximizes the social utility function by encouraging truthfulness among the individuals  , regardless of other individuals choices. But for unrelated languages  , such as English and Japanese  , a word missing from the dictionary has little chance of matching any pertinent string in the other language text. For a kinematically redundant system  , the mapping between task-space trajectory and the join-space trajectory is not unique. Relevance and redundancy were measured by Pearson Correlation Coefficients. To start a search in Visual MeSH  , the user can select to lookup concepts from either MetaThesaurus or MEDLINE. A look at the Java-code indicates that Trang is related to but different from crx: it uses 2T-INF to construct an automaton  , eliminates cycles by merging all nodes in the same strongly connected component   , and then transforms the obtained DAG into a regular expression. The intersection is the portion of the query-URL pairs that we have both editorial judgments and the user browsing model estimates . Once all chapter3 elements and figure elements are found  , those two element sets can be joined to produce all qualified chapter3-figure element pairs. Now K stands for the equivalent stiffness of the whole structure and L becomes equivalent to the radial coordinate of the tip. If acute shortage of memory space occurs  , a sort in this phase could " roll back " its input and release the last buffers acquired. The goal of this step is to take the 2D crease structure and the fold angles of a mesh as input and generate a crease structure that will self-fold the desired angles. PORE is a holistic pattern matching approach  , which has been implemented for relation-instance extraction from Wikipedia. Traiectorv danner. Our work on HAWK however also revealed several open research questions  , of which the most important lies in finding the correct ranking approach to map a predicate-argument tree to a possible interpretation. Given the correct user-provided mapping  , the patterns applied by Space were always at least as restrictive We examined the code of the applications in our experiment for precisely this situation—security policies intended based on evidence in the code itself to be more restrictive than the corresponding patterns in our catalog—and found none. Specifically  , we use the Pearson correlation coefficient: To evaluate the authority scores computed by our methods  , we rank the authors in decreasing order by their scores  , and compare our ranking with the ranking of users ordered by their Votes and Stars values. Bottema and Roth 1979 introduce this mapping directly and study the image curves which represent the coupler motion of a planar four bar linkage. We chose probabilistic structured queries PSQ as our CLIR baseline because among vector space techniques for CLIR it presently yields the best retrieval effectiveness. Second  , it would be useful to investigate customization solutions based on shared tree pattern matching  , once such technology is sufficiently developed. This search engine recommender SER utilizes that the HTTP referrer information typically contains the search terms keywords of the user KMT00. From a correlation perspective  , the similarity wij is basically the unnormalized Pearson correlation coefficient 7 between nodes i and j. In the automatic query expansion mode  , the expansion terms are added directly to each of the original query terms with the Boolean OR operator  , before the query is sent to the Lucene index. In the second model  , which we call the " Direct Retrieval " model  , we take each text query and compute the probability of generating a member of the feature vocabulary. A keyword search engine like Lucene has OR-semantics by default i.e. In our scenario  , if each entity is modeled as a pattern  , the lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the multi-pattern matching problem. Our measurements prove that our optimization technique can yield significant speedups  , speedups that are better in most cases than those achieved by magic sets or the NRSU-transformation. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: Example. Unless specified otherwise  , for illustration purposes  , in each of the experiments  , the actual query load is a batch of b = 20 queries web session identification. This type of model is not new in the literature 41  , 10  but they have not been extensively studied   , perhaps due to the lack of empirical data fitting the implied distribution. One of the great advantages of direct manipulation is that it places the task in the center of what users do. Even when keyword search is used to select all training documents  , the result is generally superior to that achieved when random selection is used. On the contrary  , if it is in the expanding stage struggling to earn a place in the market  , the team often passively absorbs emerging ideas from competitors and customers. In the dye transfer experiments  , the membraneimpermeable HPTS dye mixing with Dextran-Rhodamine red dye was injected into a cell. The average width and height of the facets generated by the three methods were about the same  , except that random-occasionally chose some much wider facets. Thus  , pattern mining that relies solely on matching type names for program entities would not work. 6 identify and classify temporal information needs based on the relevant document timestamp distribution to improve retrieval. Overlapping features: Overlapping features of adjacent terms are extracted. Predictability " is approximated by the predictive power of a support vector machine. Traditional text similarity search methods in the original keyword vector space are difficult to be used for large datasets  , since these methods utilize the content vectors of the documents in a highdimensional space and are associated with high cost of float/integer computation. This heuristic only searches over the 2D grid map of the base layer with obstacles inflated by the base inner circle. One of the challenges in studying an agent's understanding of others is that observed phenomena like behaviours can sometimes be explained as simple stimulus-response learning  , rather than requiring deep understanding. Our work strongly suggests that a lexical triangulation approach to transitive translation can have a beneficial effect on retrieval. Once a matching sentiment pattern is found  , the target and sentiment assignment are determined as defined in the sentiment pattern. If only one search term was responsible for the retrieval of the relevant document  , that term was assigned a retrieval weighting of 1; but  , if more than one search term was responsible for the retrieval of a document  , each search term was assigned a proportional retrieval weighting. More specifically  , each learning iteration has the following structure: Let us elaborate on some of the steps. Note that this is not the standard representation of discrete domains in CP. The null hypothesis states that the observed times were drawn from the same distribution  , which means that there is no context bias effect. K w : This database models the plan-time effects of sensing actions with binary outcomes. We use the entire 1.2k labeled examples   , which are collected in December 2014  , to train a Random Forest classifier. Add items to the search engine indices. λU   , λI are the regularization parameters.  The Salmone Arabic-to-English dictionary  , which was made available for use in the TREC-CLIR track by Tufts University. When the user presses the search button in the side toolbar  , or presses " Control-S " on a keyboard  , the document goes into search mode. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantially benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. There is a great subclass of timed Petri nets  , called timed event graphs  , which can be formalised in the max algebra in the form of the state equation. Recall that X is the source variable  , Y is the sink variable   , and the variables in v are the regular expression variables. However  , the challenge is that it is quite hard to obtain a large number of documents containing a string τ unless a large portion of the web is crawled and indexed as done by search engines. We then select the subtopic terms from the PLSA subtopic  , which are most semantically similar to the connected subtopic candidates of ontology. The condition number and the determinant of the Jacobian matrix being equal to one  , the manipulator performs very well with regard to force and motion transmission. Compared with Unstructured PLSA  , this method models the co-occurrence of head terms at the level of the modifiers they use instead of at the level of comments they occur. All Permission to copy without ~ee all or part o~ this material is granted provided th;ot the copyright notice a~ the "Organization o~ the 1~86-ACM Con~erence an Research and Development in Information Retrieval~ and the title o~ the publication and it~ date appear. For these applications  , different criteria are used to judge the validity of nodes and edges. Furthermore  , post-translation expansion is capable of improving CLQS-based CLIR. For a keyword-based search  , at search time  , a contexts of interest are selected  , and only papers in the selected contexts are involved in the search  , and b search results are ranked separately within contexts.  The MOP solution can be generated from its definitioa by using the regular expression for the paths. They assume that an aligned query and document pair share the document-topic distribution. SOM 14Self Organizing Map or SOFM Self Organizing Feature Map shares the same philosophy to produce low dimension from high dimension. However  , subsequent research publications report 1 ,13 that a direct mapping from source to target TUs without an intermediate phonetic representation often leads to better results. Similar to the balanced Random Forest 7  , EasyEnsemble generates T balanced sub-problems. The lower part of figure 4shows a double pure integration in the transfer function for the y-coordinate. Game-theory representations have been used to formally represent and reason about a number of interactive games 13. There must  , however  , be a very efficient inner loop which is executed a number of times proportional to the signature file size. Furthermore  , if a general optimality criterion is given at runtime  , a global optimum can be sought along the lower-dimensional self-motion manifold rather than in the complete n-dimensional configuration space. The tax levied by user i is computed based on the Clarke Tax formulation as follows: We consider the fixed cost to be equal to 0. Although there are sometimes theoretical differences in the expressive power of these languages  , these differences are rarely encountered in practice. The first query delivers already the best possible results only.  Which ontological relationships are most useful as query expansion terms for the field of educational research ? The development of sensors that utilize self-folding manufacturing techniques and their integration into more complex structures is an important stepping stone in the path towards autonomously assembling machines and robots. Simply by adding one distinctive term to perform query expansion is not enough to find all relevant documents. Other approaches such as D2RQ offer a limited set of built-in functions e.g. Given a regular expression pattern and a token sequence representing the web page  , a nondeterministic  , finite-state automaton can be constructed and employed to match its occurrences from the string sequences representing web pages. In the rank scoring metric  , method G-Click has a significant p < 0.01 23.37% improvement over method WEB and P-Click method have a significant p < 0.01 23.68% improvement over method WEB. Results showed that there was a high correlation among subjects' responses to the items Table 6. Compared with these alternative approaches  , PLSA with conjugate prior provides a more principled and unified way to tackle all the challenges. The " Find-sub-query " call on the merge-combine node is slightly different than on a normal combine node. A pattern matched in a relevant web page counts more than one matched in a less relevant one. Due to the space limitations  , the details are omitted here. To the best of the authors' knowledge  , however  , our work is the first on automatically detecting queries representing specific standing interests   , based on users' search history  , for the purposes of making web page recommendations. 11shows the simulation results of the dynamic folding using the robot motion obtained in the inverse problem. This work attempts to combine these approaches thus exploiting both the strong economical background used by game theory to model the relations that define competitive actions  , as well as sophisticated data mining models to extract knowledge from the data companies accumulate. However  , the computational expense and availability of comparable expansion collections should be considered. In our experiment  , we measured the association between two measured quantities remembering scores and the proposed catalyst features  , i.e. Experimental results on a Pentium 4 with an average load of 0.15 have shown an average query time of 0.03 seconds for the mapping and 0.35 seconds for the ranking when mapping to 300 terms. Thus  , in the rest of this paper  , we try to examine the impact of search engines theoretically by analyzing two Web-surfing models: the random-surfer model and the searchdominant model. In other words  , given the rank order produced through the use of one translation  , what would be the effect of treating the other word as part of the same cluster ? CyCLaDEs aims at discovering and connecting dynamically LDF clients according to their behaviors. First  , when using the same number of hash tables  , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need  , compared with the entropy-based approach ? Practically  , as the latent model is estimated from the observations  , it effectively fuses the sources of information. Once one moves to the campaign level the number of terms starts to be large enough to support model fitting. 12 and 13show the concave and convex transition of climbing up hill respectively. we conclude that folding the facets panel is neither necessarily beneficial nor detrimental. Therefore  , we can utilize convex optimization techniques to find approximate solutions. The output of this pattern matching phase is tuples of labels for relevant nodes  , which is considered as intermediate result set  , named as RS intermediate . We evaluated the results of our individual similarity measures and found some special characteristics of the measures when applied to our specific data. The proposed method uses a nullspace vector in the velocity mapping between the q-space and the u-space to guarantee the continuity in the joint velocities. Major software vendors have exploited the Internet explosion  , integrating web-page creation features into their popular and commonly used products to increase their perceived relevance. While the libraries are focusing on the customization of existing tools  , such as the The CLIR/DLF fellow at Indiana University has been placed within the D2I Center as a liaison to the libraries. While classifiers differ  , we believe our results enable qualitative conclusions about the machine predictability of tags for state of the art text classifiers. This means the within ads similarity of users  , which are represented by their short term search behaviors  , can be around 90 times larger than the corresponding between ads similarity. Due to space limitations   , we do not present our queries in detail; we refer the reader to the tSPARQL specification instead. Precision evaluates a search system based on how relevant the documents highly ranked by the search system are to the query. We first study how to support efficient random access for fuzzy type-ahead search. SP and SP* select a specification page using our scoring function in Section 3.2; SP selects a page from the top 30 results provided by Google search engine  , while SP* selects a page from 10 ,000 pages randomly selected from the local web repository . By complementing part of the search result before OR'ing  , and complementing the result that is entered in the stack  , and AND'ing operation is possible. The generated pattern is concrete  , that is  , it contains no wildcards and no matching constraints. Previous work 4  , 9  , 12 has shown the advantage of using a learning to rank approach over using heuristic rules  , especially when there are multiple evidences of ranking to be considered. We adopt the skip-gram approach to obtain our Word Embedding models. Additionally  , because of the initially high control parameter value analogous to temperature in the simulated annealing dynamics of GESA  , a poorly performing child can succeed the parent of its family in the initial stages  , thus enabling escape from local minimum traps. This corresponds to a standard HTML definition of links on pages. The simpler MoIR models may be directly derived from the more general CLIR setting. This differs from the simple-minded approach above  , where only a single starting pose is used for hill-climbing search  , and which hence might fail to produce the global maximum and hence the best map. Here  , we present MQSearch: a realization of a search engine with full support for measured information. In a similar fashion  , it keeps track of the provenance of all entities being retrieved in the projections getEntity. To overcome the above problems  , researchers have focused on using query expansion techniques to help users formulate a better query. According to experiment results  , a mapping with one more nesting level used about 20 more seconds on hashing. However  , in certain cases  , these changes may need to review the rules affecting other features  , but the divide-and-conquer strategy used for the design phase  , makes this task easier. There is some useless information about patients' personal detail in the last part of each report  , so we also use regular expression to get and delete them. K plsa +U + T corresponds to the results obtained when the test set was also used to learn the pLSA model  , thereby tailoring the classifiers to the task of interest transductive learning. One of the crucial problems is where to find the initial estimates seeds in an image since their selection has a major effect on the success or failure of the overall procedure. More memory is required for sorting the two input tables and the performance of sort-merge join depends largely on sort performance. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. Replace performs pattern matching and substitution and is available in the SIR with 32 versions that contain seeded faults. The sentence chains displayed include a node called notify method. Regarding Cloud computing  , the use of Game Theory for the resource allocation problem is investigated in 30. Finally  , we would like to emphasize that we do not seek to claim the generalization of our results. Next  , a discrete  , unnormalized probability distribution function Fvhrt c' is obtained as: Even a customized transfer function can be devised by utilizing B- splines. Ultimately  , these grounded clusters of relation expressions are evaluated in the task of property linking on multi-lingual questions of the QALD-4 dataset. In this section  , we will focus our attention on the techniques we have devised to optimize navigation over massive Web graphs. The log-likelihood function splits with respect to any consumption of any user  , so there is ample room for parallelizing these procedures. For 16.4% of the questions  , the nugget pyramid assigned a non-zero F-score where the original single-assessor F-score was zero. 'fico control is used to suppress the effect of uncertainties by minimizing the oo-norm of the system's closed-loop transfer function. once the shortcomings mentioned in Section 6.2 are addressed  , we will evaluate our approach on a larger scale  , for example using the data provided by the second instalment of the QALD open challenge  , which comprises 100 training and 100 test questions on DBpedia  , and a similar amount of questions on MusicBrainz . Our starting point is the following intuition  , based upon the observation that hashtags tend to represent a topic in the Twitter domain: From tweets T h associated with a hashtag h  , select a subset of tweets R h ⊆ T h that are relevant to an unknown query q h related to h. We build on this intuition for creating a training set for microblog rankers. The user may not be proficient at reading a foreign language  , so could not be expected to look through more than the top retrieved documents. For example  , AlphaSort 18  , a shared-memory based parallel external sort  , uses quicksort as the sequential sorting kernel and a replacement-selection tree to merge the sorted subsets. These terms may help focus on the query topic and bring more translated terms that together are useful for disambiguating the translation. The CYCLADES information space is thus potentially very large and heterogeneous. For the second iteration  , we will consider links numbered 2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 from first engine  , 1 ,2 ,4 ,5 ,6 from the second one  , 1 ,2 ,4 ,5 ,6 from the third one and so on in selecting the next best similarity. Suppose we are interested in using the projections of figure 1 for performing CLIR of new documents  , any of the three monolingual maps can be actually used for the retrieval task. Given the training data  , we maximize the regularized log-likelihood function of the training data with respect to the model  , and then obtain the parameterˆλparameterˆ parameterˆλ. Figure 4shows that this yields a much better ordering than the original probabilistic annotation  , even better than the direct retrieval model for high ranks. The OM regex contained 102 regular expressions of varying length. It consisted of several regular expression operations without any loops or branches. If the goal t for finite search spacar $ &t first fiche csns.s some depth first search at the most promising node and if a solution is not found  , thii node soon becomes less promising zu compared to 8ome other aa yet unexplored node which is then expanded and subsequently explored. In the context of a search engine  , inverted index compression encoding is usually infrequent compared to decompression decoding   , which must be performed for every uncached query. For example  , SEIR still can achieve a Pearson correlation around 0.6 while the lead time is 20 weeks. We focused on translation of phrases  , which has been demonstrated to be one of most effective ways to obtain more accurate translations. In general Q-learning methods  , exploration of learning space is promoted by selecting an action by a policy which selects actions stochastically according to the distribution of action utilities. In some cases a topic could be either a known item or a general search depending on whether the submitting group indicated the results when submitting the topic. Second  , we use this distribution to derive the maximum-likelihood location of individuals with unknown location and show that this model outperforms data provided by geolocation services based on a person's IP address. Three methods of query expansion were investigated: plurals and singular expansion; stemming; and synonym expansion. Clusters are then formed based on these concepts. One of the first works to address abusive language was 21  which used a supervised classification technique in conjunction with n-gram  , manually developed regular expression patterns  , contextual features which take into account the abusiveness of previous sentences. We make use of relations such as synonym  , hypernym  , hyponym  , holonym and meronym and restrict the search depth to a maximum of two relations. For the purposes of synthesizing a compliance mapping   , it is assumed that the robotic manipulator and the gripper holding the object can move freely in space without colliding with the environment. This is also observed in our experiments. Similarly to last year  , CLIR track participants were asked to retrieve documents from a multilingual pool containing documents in four different languages. A personalized search is currently missing that takes the interests of a user into account. The proposed approach is evaluated on different publicly available outdoor and indoor datasets. Only our proposed Random- Forest model manages to learn the discriminating features of long queries as well as those of short ones  , and successfully differentiates between CQA queries and other queries even at queries of length 9 and above. Figure 5 shows the choices of sort-merge versus partitioning   , the possible sorting/partitioning attributes  , and the possible buffer allocation strategies. This definition reflects the hidden nature of triggering relations between pre-search context and searches in a realworld setting. where α is the weight that specifies a trade-off between focusing on minimization of the log-likelihood of document sequence and of the log-likelihood of word sequences we set α = 1 in the experiments  , b is the length of the training context for document sequences  , and c is the length of the training context for word sequences. We use a Random Forest that predicts stable grasps at similar accuracy as a Convolutional Neural Net CNN and has the additional ability to cluster locally similar data in a supervised manner. The results also show that the regular expression and statistical features e.g. For the Dynamic class  , temporal models that only take into account the trend or learn to decay historical data correctly perform the best. In their approach  , only terms present in the summarized documents are considered for query expansion. In 1976 Robertson and Sparck Jones proposed a second probabilistic model which we shall refer to as Model 2 for the document retrieval problem. For a non-OOV term  , we show that if there exists an effective translation in dictionaries  , it is suggested that translating si would help CLIR performance. This means users have small variance on these queries  , and the search engine has done well for these queries  , while on the queries with click entropy≥2.5  , the result is disparate: both P-Click and G-Click methods make exciting performance. We specify the techniques in a first-order logic framework and illustrate the definitions by a running example throughout the paper: a goal specifies the objective of finding the best restaurant in a city  , and a Web service provides a search facility for the best French restaurant in a city. There are three broad types of CLIR systems: those based on query translation  , those based on document translation  , and those that use some aspects of both 15. Unfortunately   , this weight update will often cause all but a few particles' weights to tend to zero after repeated updating  , even with the most carefully-chosen proposal distribution 7. which only requires knowledge and evaluation of the measurement likelihood function p zk |χ i k to update the particles' weights with new sensor measurements. The coordinate form representation of the latter is given by tlie n x n manipulator Jacobian matrix DecpO. The domain specification is a regular expression whose atoms are ADTs in the library or ADT instantiation parameters of the ADT being defined. A typical approach is to map a discrete word to a dense  , low-dimensional  , real-valued vector  , called an embedding 19. The probabilistic annotation model can handle multi-word queries while the direct retrieval approach is limited to 1 word queries at this time. Figure 7shows classification data for all VCs generated from a sample catalog of RESOLVE component client code that relies on existing  , formally-specified components to implement extensions  , which add additional functionality e.g. The present paper extends this concept  , provides new results for ligand-protein binding  , and explores the application of PCRs to protein folding. The diameter function of the thin slice is shown in dotted lines along with its transfer function. The proliferation of generated components is the main limitation of the naive method-to-component mapping. The reasons are two-folded. For example most of the mentioned factors are implemented in the BMEcat standard 10. Compute D and perform a breadth-first search of D as indicated above starting with To as the set of visited vertices and ending when some vertex in the goal set 7~ ha5 been reached. In this paper  , we formulate and evaluate this extended similarity metric. However  , note that a sort-merge anti-join cannot be used if the correlated query block is part of a procedure or function where as NISR can be used in this case. Instead of traversing the BVTT as a strictly depthfirst or breadth-first search JC98  , we use a priority queue to schedule which of the pending tests to perform next. One might wonder whether we can use the Arabic monolingual thesaurus to improve CLIR. The technique works by augmenting the existing observational data with unobserved  , latent variables that can be used to incrementally improve the model estimate. Keeping this in mind  , we briefly cite the well-known inductive definition of the set of regular expressions EXP T over an alphabet T and their associated languages: Now we are ready for motivating our choice to capture the semantics of ODX by regular grammars. For each data item in the compressed data  , a backward mapping is necessary to discover the coordinates of the original space  , so that a new position can be computed corresponding to the new requdsted space. The concolic testing phase can then generate the sequence ESC dd during exhaustive search. In this case  , the error is the difference between the setpoint and the measured value and the control signal is the dimmer value in the next time interval. 6demonstrates the fact that more than 60% of features are zero when the sparsity constraint is utilized in the autoencoder combined with the ReLU activation function. Choosing a first order stable transfer function leads to a compensator E. Due to the simplicity of the flotor dynamics  , a n y proper  , stable  , real-rational transfer function can be obtained from the desired acceleration a  , to the actual acceleration a of the flotor of course  , there will be limits on achievable performance due to plant uncertainty  , actuator saturation  , etc. For this objective  , Eguchi and Lavrenko 3 proposed sentiment retrieval models  , aiming at finding information with a specific sentiment polarity on a certain topic  , where the topic dependence of the sentiment was considered. We detect the name entities using a support vector machine-based classifier 13  , and use the tagged Brown corpus 1 as training examples to train the classifier. Our techniques highlight the importance of low-level computer vision features and demonstrate the power of certain semantic features extracted using deep learning. for a minimal functional language with string concatenation and pattern matching over strings 23. Consider finding the corresponding decade for a given year. In this experiment. This can be achieved by extending the basic PLSA to incorporate a conjugate prior defined based on the target paper's abstract and using the Maximum A Posterior MAP estimator . Hummingbird SearchServer 1 is a toolkit for developing enterprise search and retrieval applications. In parallel  , semantic similarity measures have been developed in the field of information retrieval  , e.g. For each of the three tested categories we trained a different classifier based on the Random Forest model described in Section 3.2.2. Figure 7: The concurrence similarity between two tags is estimated based on their concurrence information by performing search on Flickr. This similarity notion is based on functional dependencies between observation variables in the data and thereby captures a most important and generic data aspect. Fernandez and Dan Suciu 13 propose two query optimization techniques to rewrite a given regular path expression into another query that reduces the scope of navigation. This section explains our deep learning model for reranking short text pairs. As mentioned in Section 3.2  , a parameter is required to determine the semantic relatedness knowledge provided by the auxiliary word embeddings. The effect of search pruning at all Rtree levels is that  , starting from the top level  , the two nodes  , one from each R-tree  , are only traversed for join computation if the MBRs of their parent nodes overlap . A simplex is simply a set of N+l guesses  , or vertices  , of the N-dimensional statevector sought and the error associated with each guess. Experimental evaluation of the CLIR model were performed on the Italian-to-English bilingual track data used in the CLEF 2000 C0 and CLEF 2001 C1 evaluations. Usually  , interesting orders are on the join column of a future join  , the grouping attributes from the group by clause  , and the ordering attributes from the order by clause. Despite its relatively short history  , eXist has already been successfully used in a number of commercial and non-commercial projects. The logistic function is widely used as the likelihood function  , which is defined as  Binary actions with r ij ∈ {−1  , 1}. The second is a hand likelihood function over the whole RGB image that is computed quickly  , but with higher false positives. This work provides an integrated view of qualitatively effective similarity search and performance efficient indexing in text; an issue which has not been addressed before in this domain. At last Spliced fiber is reinforced by the reinforcing membersFig.8 and it is brought out. In the following sections  , we first describe the system and the language resources employed for the TREC-8 CLIR track. Therefore  , each projection uses B-tree indexing to maintain a logical sort-key order. The first column shows the automatically discovered and clustered aspects using Structured PLSA. In order to scale the system up  , we propose several dimensionality reduction techniques to reduce the number of features in the user view. The data-transfer cost function reports costs only when one of the two execution sites involved in the link is the current site and the other site involved in the link is a remote site. However  , because we are exploiting highly relevant documents returned by a search engine  , we observe that even our unsupervised scoring function produces high quality results as shown in Section 5. However the substantial time required and perhaps the complexity of implementing such methods has led to the widespread use of simpler heuristics  , such as hill-climbing 8 and greedy methods. A reconstructed 3D model of the object is computed by fitting superquadrics to the data which provides us with the underlying shape and pose. Serialization of an XML subtree using the XML_Serialize operator serves as an example. We set the context window size m to 10 unless otherwise stated. shows an example of the impedance for the same values used in the closed loop forward transfer function in figure 4and equation 13. The observation likelihood is computed once for each of the samples  , so tracking becomes much more computationally feasible. The approach we take is to use an online optimization of one-step lmkahead  , choosing trajectories that maximize the space explored while minimizing the likelihood we will become lost on re-entering the map. A single cost function has to be found that combines the costs of dgebraic operations and the transfer of data between subsequent operations in a unique fashion. When the developer requests a feature to be hidden  , CIDE just leaves a marker to indicate hidden code. This ideal situation occurs when a search engine's repository is exactly synchronized with the Web at all times  , such that W L = W. Hence  , we denote the highest possible search repository quality as QW  , where: As long as the inspection likelihood function Ir is monotonically nonincreasing  , the expected cumulative score of visited pages is maximized when pages are always presented to users in descending order of their true score SWp  , q. Basically  , SPARQL rests on the notion of graph pattern matching. The searching trajectory can be designed intentionally to ease detection of such features. High F1 score shows that our method achieves high value in both precision and recall. A search engine can assist a topical crawler by sharing the more global Web information available to it. F'urthermore   , additional structure from modern game theory can be incorporated. On its own the CLIR approach gives varying results: some topics benefit from the reweighting of important query terms and the expansion with tokens related to the detected biomedical concepts. We exploit this similarity in our techniques. A plethora of literature about cross lingual information retrieval CLIR exists. In this paper we describe the 3D Tractus-based robotic interface  , with its current use for controlling a group of robots composed of independent AIBO robot dogs and virtual software entities. Similarly  , we define the probability of observing the document dm given the sentences present in it as follows. For every pattern tp i in query Q  , a sorted access sa i retrieves matching triples in descending score order. In other words  , with longer lifespan  , the partitions at the upper corner of the space rendition contain more tuples  , hence more pages. All follow the MDL–principle: the completed database that can be compressed best is the best completed database. ARRANGER works as follows: First  , the best ranking functions learned from the training set are stored and the rest are discarded.   , a , , , based on their q-values with an exploration-exploitation strategy of l  , while the winning local action Because the basic fuzzy rules are used as starting points  , the robot can be operated safely even during learning and only explore the interesting environments to accelerate the learning speed. Using this AXdiand the transfer function matrix Gi which we design in previous section  , the i-th follower can estimate the desired trajectory of the i-th virtual leader. XTM provides support for the entire PERL regular-expression set. Thirdly the returned image results are reranked based on the textual similarity between the web page containing the result image and the target web page to be summarized as well as the visual similarity among the result images. To help analyze the behavior of our method we used a Self-Organizing Map via the SOM-PAK package 9  , to 'flatten' and visualize the high-dimensional density function 2 . This provides a measure of the quality of executing a state-action pair. The Q qualification bit in delimiter words is used to mark qualified nodes that will be searched. Therefore  , we propose to use a shared sparsity structure in our learning. In this paper  , we propose a probabilistic entity retrieval model that can capture indirect relationships between nodes in the RDF graph. We found that for pairs of non-ClueWeb settings  , excluding AP  , the correlation was at least 0.5; however  , the correlation with AP was much smaller. First  , was the existing state of the art  , Flat-COTE  , significantly better than current deep learning approaches for TSC ? None of these methods work in conjunction with direct transfer of Q-values for the same two reasons: First  , if the learning rate is too high  , correct in­ formation is overwritten as new Q-values are up­ dated. Interface features can facilitate search actions that help in completing a search task. Phrasal translation approach 17  , 11 was inspected for improving CLIR performance. Ballesteros 3 researched a transitive scheme and techniques to overcome word ambiguity. In our experiments we randomly split the movies into a training set and a test set. In the following discussion we focus on the first type of selection  , that is  , discovering which digital libraries are the best places for the user to begin a search. However  , previous work showed that English- Chinese CLIR using simple dictionary translation yields a performance lower than 60% of the monolingual performance 14. We propose a new action selection t e c h q u e for moving multiobstacles avoidance using hierarchical fuzzy rules  , fuzzy evaluation system and learning automata through the interaction with the real world. Here  , n ringers are constructed by encrypting a random plaintext Pr with a random key kr to obtain the ringer's ciphertext Cr. Table 1presents the results. If the query optimizer can immediately find the profitable nary operators to apply on a number of collections  , the search space will be largely reduced since those collections linked by the nary operator can be considered as one single collection. We deal with this problem by starting from multiple starting points. For a more detailed discussion of Q-learning  , the reader is referred to 7 ,17 It can be proven 17 that this formula converges if each action is executed in each state an infinite number of times and a is decayed appropriately. Section 4 defines CyCLaDEs model. So the extracted entities are from GATE  , list or regular expression matching. Also investigations will be made in making the gluing and folding steps easier as the structures are made smaller. We determine these paths by breadth-first search throughG. The results are shown in Table 3   , which indicate that an individual's NST@Self shows an obvious positive correlation with both shannon entropy and LZ  , i.e. Thus  , Dijkstra quickly becomes infeasible for practical purposes; it takes 10 seconds for 1000 services per task  , and almost 100 seconds for 3000 services per task. Autonomic computing is a grand challenge  , requiring advances in several fields of science and technology  , particularly systems  , software architecture and engineering  , human-system interfaces  , policy  , modeling  , optimization  , and many branches of artificial intelligence such as planning  , learning  , knowledge representation and reasoning  , multiagent systems  , negotiation  , and emergent behavior. Session: LBR Highlights March 5–8  , 2012  , Boston  , Massachusetts  , USA  Multiple autoencoders can be stacked so that the activations of hidden layer l are used as inputs to the autoencoder at layer l + 1. However  , one recursive coarsening step already improves results considerably over mere hill climbing on the original mesh at level 0. The pruning comes in three forms. It is shown to improve the quality of the extracted aspects when compared with two strong baselines. Training users on how to construct queries can improve search behaviour 26. First  , PLSA is a probabilistic model which offers the convenience of the highly consistent probabilistic framework. However  , if the specified transforms are directly applied on the input data  , many transforms such as regular-expression-based substitutions and some arithmetic expressions cannot be undone unambiguously – there exist no " compensating " transforms. The expansion words for this query are " greenhouse "   , " deforestation " and so forth. Documents are segmented into sentences and all sentences from relevant documents are used as nuggets in the learning procedure. Searches were carried out using all cutoffs between O and 20  , 0 being no query expansion. To fit a tag ti's language model we analyze the set of tweets containing ti  , fitting a multinomial over the vocabulary words  , with probability vector Θi. For moderate query expansion e.g. The amount of data collected is a function of the scan density  , often expressed as points per row and column  , and area viewed. To select relevant portions of the DPRG to view to aid with the task at hand  , a developer can use two kinds of query operations: regular expression searching  , and node expan- sion. As a result  , we derive a similarity search function that supports Type-2 and 3 pattern similarities. One reason is that ad-hoc CLEF tasks evaluate CLIR systems as a whole; there is no direct comparison of alternative solutions for specific system components  , such as translation strategies given a fixed set of translation resources  , or resource acquisition techniques given a fixed translation strategy. The conceptual definition of pattern matching implies finding the existence of parent node such that when evaluating XPath P with that parent node as a context node yields the result containing the testing node to which template is applicable. Among other things  , NeumesXML includes a regular-expression grammar that decides whether NEUMES transcriptions are 'well-formed'. Although the main intended application of the apparatus is for in vivo experiments in physiology and for microsurgery  , in this phase we elected not to make tests with animals for ethical reasons. 3 In case some attributes are non-nullable  , we use SET DEFAULT to reset attributes values to their default value. Accordingly  , each environment of four levels is regarded as antigens and each of these strategies is regarded as antibodies. In particular  , m represents the average number of times each user of the group viewed this page pair. Upper Bound " refers to the situation when the best sub-query and best expansion set was used for query reduction and expansion respectively. Question type classification was done using a regular expression based classifier and LingPipe was used as the named entity recogniser. For our Web-search-based query expansion  , the timestamp provided with the topics was utilized to simulate the live query expansion from the web described in Section 4. Thus the E-step remains the same. The liberty to choose any feature detector is the advantage of this method.  The ranking loss performance also varies a lot across different DSRs. Compared with On in absolute judgment  , this is still not affordable for assessors. For the example mentioned above  , our code produces the regular expression fs.\.*\.impl. The random testing phase takes a couple of minutes to reach state=9. The algebraic properties of AS allow us to quickly calculate the AS of an n-gram from the CAS encoded record. A number of universities are also recording lectures and seminars  , with the aim of providing online access and search capabilities.  Define within the functional specification determined areas for change and evolution  , and agree with marketing and sales. Boldface indicates that the W value of a combined resource is equal or above the lowest W of the single resources that are combined. For simplicity  , we assume terms occur independently and follow Poisson statistics. Virtual targets are predicted using input-output maps implemented efficiently by means of a k-d tree short for k-dimensional tree a  , 91. The Limpid Desk supports physical search interaction techniques  , such as 'stack browsing' in which the upper layer documents are transparentized one by one through to the bottom of the stack. The derivation is done by fitting 20 evenly spaced points  , each point being the number of total words versus the number of unique words seen in a collection. The success with which web pages attract in-links from others in a given period becomes an indicator of the page authority in the future. This makes it worth finding how effective CHI is in CLIR when compared to WM1. If the transfer function is represented in the frequency domain as the closed-loop transfer funcl ion  , Hs  , from the exogenous inputs to the regulated outputs  , is obtained as: If the system performance can be represented by functions in terms of Hs  , multiple specific ,ltions for the system are formulated in a uniform format. Pattern matching approaches are widely used because of their simplicity. Results for the strategies just described on the TREC-6 CLIR collection are presented in the following: Figure 2shows a comparison of using alignments alone  , using a dictionary pseudo-translation and then using both methods combined  , i.e. Teleoperation experiments show that the human hand model is sufficient accuracy for teleoperation task. The left graph shows a comparison of doing English-German CLIR using the alignments  , the wordlist or the combination of both. Another benchmark dataset – WebQuestions – was introduced by Berant et al. It breaks the task at hand into the following components: 1. a tensor construction stage of building user-item-tag correlation; 2. a tensor decomposition stage learning factors for each component mode; 3. a stage of tensor completion  , which computes the creativity value of tag pairs; and 4. a recommender stage that ranks the candidate items according to both precision and creative consideration . The search technique needs to be combined with an estimator that can quantify the predictive ability of a subset of attributes. Each element in vector xi represents a metric value. The query language of SphereSearch combines concept-aware keyword-based search with specific additions for abstraction-aware similarity search and context-aware ranking. When a group of methods have similar names  , we summarize these methods as a scope expression using a wild-card pattern matching operator . Without query expansion  , the difference between short and long queries is 0.0669. The system can be accessed from: http: //eil.cs.txstate.edu/ServiceXplorer. The backward search can be illustrated in Figure 4by traversing the graphs in reverse in a breadth-first manner. The crawl was breadth-first and stopped after one million html pages had been fetched. DFS may take very long to execute if it does not traverse the search space in the right direction. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. A ranking function for Global Representation is the same as query likelihood: This is one of the simplest and most widely used methods 1  , 4. The revised taxonomy reveals that  , while both techniques employ some folding  , one folds the state space further to allow exhaustive enumeration of program behaviors  , and the other visits only a sample of the complete space of possible states. Figure 2shows the results for the random forest base classifier. This information is necessary to derive accurate relational statistics that are needed by the relational optimizer to accurately estimate the cost of the query workload. Its main function is to transfer users demands to the concerned pool and the informations possibly returned to users from the pool. In order to address these concerns  , we propose to represent contexts of entities in documents using word embeddings. Formally  , the win-loss results of all two-player competitions generated from the thread q with the asker a  , the best answerer b and non-best answerer set S can be represented as the following set: Hence  , the problem of estimating the relative expert levels of users can be deduced to the problem of learning the relative skills of players from the win-loss results of generated two-player competitions. Why this popular approach does not often yield the least deviation is explained by example. Extraction generates minimal nonoverlapping substrings. For homogeneous robots  , it is the mapping From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. To perform information retrieval  , a label is also associated with each term in the query. To find a near-optimal solution  , we employed the simulated annealing method which has been shown effective for solving combinatorial optimization problems. Furthermore  , Figure 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D consistently outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity for rare and torso queries  , with larger improvements observed for less frequent queries. The form of SA used is a variation of the Nelder-Mead downhill simplex method  , which incorporates a random variable to overcome local minima 9. We experimented with using row expansion to indirectly expand the query in 2 of our Main Web Task submissions. Thus  , we both use a Japanese corpus to validate the hypothetical katakana sequences. However  , the search term M etallica returns many unrelated results 7 . The dataset has a slight bias towards long-tail shops. As the chart illustrates  , determing trust values during query execution dominates the query execution time. In order to comprehend the behavior of hill climbing under different combinations of search strategies  , we first study the search space for configuration similarity. However  , the LZ method shows a more intense correlation since our model has considered the conditional situations. Each modifier could be represented by a set of head terms that it modifies: Similar to Unstructured PLSA  , we define k unigram language models of head terms: Θ = {θ 1   , θ 2   , ..  , θ k } as k theme models. This paper presents a novel session search framework  , winwin search  , that uses a dual-agent stochastic game to model the interactions between user and search engine. DBMSs are being used more and more for interactive exploration 7  , 14  , 37  , where users keep refining queries based on previous query results. Figure  1shows the results. Fullyisotropic PWs presented in this paper give a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. The TREC Q/A track is designed to take a step closer to information retrieval rather than document retrieval. In this section  , we first describe our experimental setting for predicting user participation in threads in Section 4.1. Examples of such strategies are simulated-annealing Ioannidis871 and iterative- improvement Swami88. Heat transfer and temperature distributions during welding are complex and a solution to the equations is dependent on the thermal conductivity  , specific heat and density of the mass as a function of temperature. This task is efficiently performed by an optimized implementation of the Breadth-first search BFS strategy through MapReduce 3. In the next step we sort the resulting clusters by their total size in lines in decreasing order  , such that according to property iv  , the largest clusters should contain the main text blocks. Note that it contains variables that have already been bound by the change pattern matching. At the current stage of our work  , the parameters are selected through exhaustive search or manually hill-climbing search. The basic cell for all pattern matching operations is shown in Figure 19.2. The procedure of creating start-point list is illustrated in Fig. Thus the load for computing the tree and hence for testing the hypotheses varies. That is  , starting from the root pages of the selected sites we followed links in a breadth-first search  , up to 3 ,000 pages per site. Eri can be determined by a point estimate from the specific text retrieval model that has been applied. In the context of multimedia and digital libraries  , an important type of query is similarity matching. When ρ =ρ r the transfer function of vergence will become 0; in this case all types of vergence eye movements will disappear. That  , is  , the peaks of t ,liis transfer function are easily identified and the variation of tlie frequency where these peaks occur admits a direct functional relat.ionship with the payload carried IJY tlie robot. where F is a function designed to penalize model complexity   , and q represents the number of features currently included in the model at a given point. The earliest attempts of detecting structural similarity go back to computing tree-editing distances 29  , 30  , 32  , 34  , 36. Although our plane fitting test is fast  , the time overhead that such an approach would introduce made us avoid its usage in such cases. Therefore  , we use the LSTM configuration in the subsequent experiments. This also reflects that apps tend to go through a series of revisions before being generally favorable; after which the subsequent versions show a decline in general interest  , and this suggests the peripheral nature of the subsequent revisions. Most of the existing retrieval models assume a " bag-of-words " representation of both documents and queries. This paper defines a linguistically motivated model of full text information retrieval. This allowed us to perform bidirectional breadth first search to answer the connectivity question. The most closely related branches of work to ours are 1 those that aim to mine and summarize opinions and facets from documents especially from review corpora  , and 2 those that study Q/A systems in general. The picture is a little worse for average attacks. We outline the corpus-based CLIR methods and a MT-based approach  , with pointers to the literature where detailed descriptions can be found. To allow larger distances to increase backtracking capability and avoid the exponential explosion  , a maximum number of markings is allowed at each level. This slicing was developed in 6 for use in teleoperation of robot arm manipulators. One motivation for modeling time-varying links is the identification of influential relationships in the data. The modular design of the ARMin robot that allows various combinations of proximal and distal arm training modes will also provide the platform for the search of the best rehabilitation practice. While TagAssist did not outperform the original tag set  , the performance is significantly better than the baseline system without tag compression and case evaluation. We also implemented this scheme but did not observe any improvement in search quality  , compared to the random landmark selection scheme. The anomaly score is simply defined as autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. However  , the extracted topics in this way would generally not be well-aligned to the expert review. It is easy to see that APS r with r in the 0.3 to 0.35 range has the highest Pearson correlation coefficient when compared to human subjects. We create a separate file for each of the 560 super-hashes and then sort each super-hash file using an I/O-efficient merge sort. For example  , a UI search pattern is composed of a text field for entering search criteria  , a submit button for triggering the search functionality  , and a table for displaying the search results. This evaluation can only be performed for the probabilistic annotation model  , because the direct retrieval model allows us only to estimate feature distributions for individual word images  , not page images. These results show that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D learns the concept of distance to the previous click  , although this information is not explicitly provided in the document representation. Theoretically  , the number of paths is exponential in the user-assigned search depth. One path corresponds to one capturing group in the regular expression indicated with parentheses. First  , we propose a specific query expansion method. These solutions  , and others  , such as considering CLIR as spell- correction 2  , will all work reasonably well if the two languages in question are linguistically historically related and possess many cognates. DBSCAN is a typical density-based method which connects regions with sufficiently high density into clusters. So the default Join could have been planned with sort-merge before performing the rewrite. We have benchmarked Preference SQL The search scenario of the search engine is as follows: In a pre-selection a set of hard criteria has to be filled into the search mask. Specifically   , we collected the previous Amazon reviews of each reviewer in the root dataset and the Amazon product pages those reviews were associated with. Despite the various types of resources used  , out-of-vocabulary OOV words and translation disambiguation are the two major bottlenecks for CLIR 20. In DBSCAN  , the density concept is introduced by the notations: Directly density-reachable  , Density-reachable  , and Densityconnected . Second  , PLSA learns about synonyms and semantically related words  , i.e. In the recent fourth installment of QALD  , hybrid questions on structured and unstructured data became a part of the benchmark. This method is common because it gives a concise  , analytical estimate of the parameters based on the data. For a real rational transfer function  , if the poles and zeros are simple  , lie on the jw-axis and alternate with each other  , then the transfer function is passive. The problem of finding global density parameters has also been observed by Ankerst et al. We then took the mean of these n ratings and computed Pearson correlation between Turker mean responses and expert mean responses . Instead of displaying the photographs on the map  , Flickr lists them sequentially across multiple search results pages see Fig. We hypothesise that if query expansion using the local collection i.e. To perform this experiment  , we use a standard  , state-of-the-art search engine  , in this case the Terrier search engine 4   , to create highly simple search engines   , i.e. 7 Given the large class imbalance  , we applied asymmetric misclassification costs. Other disciplines that promise to support for a better grounded discipline of CSD for business value include utility theory  , game theory  , financial engineering e.g. 5 to regularize the implicit topic model. This list is used by the predictor to perform a breadth first search of the possible concepts representing the input text. If Go is a transfer function mapping the open-loop robotic arm endpoint velocity v to an input  , K  , is the velocity compensator around each joint  , and so is a transfer function mapping the robotic arm endpoint velocity v to the forces f when the velocity loop is not closed  , then the closed-loop velocity control system is as shown in Figure 5. operator fh   , and the forces applied to the machine by the environment  , f  , . Incidentally  , we start the discussion regarding related work with publication that had to do with query expansion. First it is to be stated that from the view of price modeling BMEcat catalogs have a three-stage document structure: 1 The document header HEADER can be used for setting defaults for currency and territory  , naming the buyer and giving references to relevant In the example header we set the default currency  , name the buyer and refer to an underlying agreement with a temporal validity: If we look at the transformations  , we see different transformation types. We omit the details of the derivation dealing with these difficulties and just state the parameters of the resulting vMF likelihood function: are not allowed to take any possible angle in Ê n−1 . Another possible direction for this work is fitting the features onto a global object model. For example  , to find documentlangauge synonyms  , we computed: Because statistical wordto-word translation models were available for use in our CLIR experiments  , we elected to find candidate synonyms by looking for words in the same language that were linked by a common translation. Note that all the documents in a typical CLIR setup are assumed to be written in the corresponding native scripts. The precision estimates are taken from the TREC 2009/10 diversity task data for Lemur  , and from the MovieLens 2 dataset for pLSA more details in section 4.2. Christian   , Liberal  , sometimes we had to use regular expression matching to extract the relevant information. It is interesting to note that effediveness continues to increase with the number of query expansion terms. Fig.4shows an example of our query expansion result. Many widely used tests such as the Cube Comparisons test mental rotation  , Paper Folding test spatial visualization  , and Spatial Orientation test can be found in the Kit of Factor-Referenced Cognitive Tests ETS  , Princeton  , NJ 6. For example  , in both cases AEi is always negative for some move i  , until a local minima is reached and such minima are few in the complete reconfiguration of the robot from the initial to the final configuration. In this example  , we will show two different approaches to find the transfer function matrix. Since then  , research in CLIR has grown to cover a wider variety of languages and techniques. For example  , suppose an input text contains 20 desired data records  , and a maximal repeat that occurs 25 times enumerates 18 of them. These models were derived within many variations extended Boolean models  , models based on fuzzy sets theory  , generalized vector space model ,. Locality sensitive hashing LSH  , introduced by Indyk and Motwani  , is the best-known indexing method for ANN search. The first probabilistic model captures the retrieval criterion that a document is relevant if any passage in the document is relevant. The reader is referred to the technical report by Oard and Dorr for an excellent review of the CLIR literature 18. Fingerprint-based descriptors  , due to the hashing approach that they use  , lead to imprecise representations  , whereas the other three schemes are precise in the sense that there is a one-to-one mapping between fragments and dimensions of the descriptor space. Our own work has centered on the use of the normal-form game as a representation and means of control for human-robot interaction 12. Logging occurs by means of the LOG function line 8  , where the first argument is the new error encountered  , which is linked to the second argument  , that represents the previous error value. Therefore  , unpopular pages get significantly less traffic than under the random-surfer model  , so it takes much longer time for a page to build up initial momentum. To identify modes  , all data points are taken as starting points and their location is updated through a sequence of hill climbing step. Despite its complexity  , the LuGre dynamic friction model has been chosen in this activity to further improve the fitting between simulation and experimental results. Thus the learning rate must balance the agenL's need to unlearn incorrect old informa­ tion  , while preserving old information which was correct. Hence  , when a forest of random trees collectively produce shorter path lengths for some particular points  , then they are highly likely to be anomalies. In addition  , stopword list and word morphological resumption list are also utilized in our system. QEWeb: Query expansion using the web was applied as discussed in pervious section. Previous methods fall into two major categories based on different criteria to measure similarity. where  , controller  , and neglecting small higher order terms  , the total transfer function can be represented as the secmd order system. Specifically  , a Random Forest model is used in the provided Aqqu implementation. The assumption is that manually written tests for a certain class have inputs more likely to reveal faults than random ones. This situation does not take the sentiment information into account. Next we model the O2 concentration signal based on all inputs  , but WIA2 fuel mass and SIC2 feeding screw rpm measurements were replaced by the estimated mass flow signal see Fig. We have shown that the regular expression signatures have a very low false positive rate when compared to a large number of high reputation sites. The control space is defined by the degrees of freedom of our haptic device  , the Phantom. Simulated annealing takes a fixed number R of rounds to explore the solution space. Section 3 then introduces our meaning matching model and explains how some previously known CLIR techniques can be viewed as restricted implementations of meaning matching . Two questions must be answered to use this approach: i what family of distributions is used a modeling question  , and ii which distribution to choose from the family given the data a model-fitting question. Using the document option  , the user can browse through each document; information displayed includes the first lines of the documents  , the list of references cited in the paper  , the list of papers citing the document and the list of other related documents. By fitting a model to the generated time-series the AR coefficients were estimated. By default  , summaries of all top 30 documents were used for expansion unless the user manually deselected some this was precisely the only form of manual intervention allowed. The second data set contains 2 ,000 data items in 3- dimensional space with 2 clusters the middle one in Fig.3. None of the three measures exhibit a strong correlation with performance improvement when using this expansion method. Detection time with angle increment 6 5 5 varies between 2-4 seconds. 27 empirically showed that having more queries but shallow documents performed better than having less queries but deep documents. We compare the results obtained using the kernel functions defined in Sect. In addition the iterative method may be used in conjunction with the prime program decomposition to find the data flow value for those prime programs for which the regular expression has not been pre- computed. p~ ~  ,. They considered the position of the tip or that of an intermediate point as the noncollocated output. We summarized the previous PLSA based methods for question recommendation and discovered that they can be divided into two main categories: 1 methods that model the user indirectly. proposed a similar method to inverse pattern matching that included wild cards 9. However given the same set of web-based information  , the Human Interest Model consistently outperforms the soft-pattern model for all four entity types. In opposition to traditional methods aiming at fitting and sometimes forcing the content of the resources into a prefabricated model  , grounded theory aims at having the underlying model emerge " naturally " from the systematic collection  , rephrasing  , reorganisation and interpretations of the actual sentences and terms of the resources . We conclude with literature review in Section 8 and discussion. The model builds a simple statistical language model for each document in the collection. Therefore  , it is effective in giving the number n of unmatched characters permitted on pattern matching. At high temperatures most moves are accepted and the simplex roams freely over the search space. The goal of task allocation is to learn a policy for allocating tasks to users that maximizes expected reward. When is the best performance achieved ? Thus  , the Shannon Entropy forms a type of lower bound on the dimensionality of the index space. The model assumes that the relevance relationship between a document and a user's query cannot be determined with certainty. The Random Forest model selects a portion of the data attributes randomly and generates hundreds and thousands of trees accordingly  , and then votes for the best performing one to produce the classification result. A larger mAP indicates better performance that similar instances have high rank. The latter corresponds to placing a state-dependent conditions akin to Dijkstra guards on the servicing of PI operation 12 HRT-UML draws from the Ravenscar Profile the restrictions on the use of these invocation constraints. The term multi-rate indicates the capability of our model which is able to capture user interests at different granularity  , so that temporal dynamics at different rates can be effectively and jointly optimized. Our second submission only uses Wikipedia for query expansion . Videos of our autonomous folding runs are available at the URL provided in the introduction. For write effects  , we give the starting points for both objects and the regular expressions for the paths. Each PS shard stores input and output vectors for a portion of the words from the vocabulary. Trails must contain pages that are either: search result pages  , search engine homepages  , or pages connected to a search result page via a sequence of clicked hyperlinks. The projection facility is implemented like code folding in modern development environments  , in which bodies of methods or comments can be folded and unfolded on request. One is the time-dependent content similarity measure between queries using the cosine kernel function; another is the likelihood for two queries to be grouped in a same cluster from the click-through data given the timestamp. 3 proposed an approach to classify sounds for similarity search based on acoustical features consisting of loudness  , pitch  , brightness  , bandwidth  , and harmonicity. In addition  , application programs are typically highly tuned in performance-critical applications e.g. Section 4 then describes the design of an experiment in which three variants of meaning matching are compared to strong monolingual and CLIR baselines. Questions QA pairs from categories other than those presented previously . Equation 14 shows that the plant transfer function is a fourth order system with an integral term. with the horizontal subsystem  , the goal is to find a passive transfer function by carefully choosing an output variable. SV M struct generalizes multi-class Support Vector Machine learning to complex data with features extracted from both inputs and outputs. To solve the problems optimally  , it requires an exponential search. The final solution to the optimization problem is a setting of the parameters w and a pruning threshold that is a local maximum for the Meet metric. Also  , stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization. Martinson et a1 13  , worked with even higher levels of abstraction  , to coordinate high-level behavioral assemblages in their robots to learn finite state automata in an intercept scenario. We choose pattern matching as our baseline technique in the toolkit  , because it can be easily customized to distill information for new types of entities and attributes. In contrast   , we have specified in advance a single hypothesis h *   , i.e. Users can request creation of a track by giving patterns for instrument names. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work in Description Logics towards providing a quantitative measure of inconsistencies. Similar to the works described in this paper  , a Self-Organizing Map is used to cluster the resulting feature vectors. Where TSV means Term Selection Value that is used to rank terms. In block B'Res  , a Sort operation is added to order the researchers according to their key number. Furthermore. One is random search Random 1  , the only fully parallelizable strategy besides A-SMFO. Note that the Pearson and Kendall's τ correlation coefficients work on different scales and so cannot be directly compared to each other. The initial thresholds are set to a large multiple of the probability of selecting the query from a random document. Machine learning methods would allow combining the two data sources for more accurate profiles than those obtained from each source alone. Similarity measures for Boolean search request formulations 335 Radecki  , 1977Radecki  ,   , 1978a. Furthermore  , all of these search engines Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. To our best knowledge  , this is the first study of the extent to which an upper-bound limit of expert search performance is achievable when in presence of perfect document rankings. Inspired by Stochastic Gradient Descent updating rules  , we use the gradient of the loss to estimate the model change. The resultant predictors  , which differ by the inter-entity similarity measure employed  , are denoted AC rep=score;sim=doc and AC rep=score;sim=type. The model supports probabilistic indexing 9  , however we implement a simplified version in which only estimates of O or 1 are used for the probability that a document has a feature. As a result  , learning on the task-level is simpler and faster than learning on the component system level. these expansion terms for each selected query term  , the diagnostic expansion system forms an expansion query and does retrieval. Local search results: A set of localized search results extracted from Google's local search service 12 . One important application of predictive modeling is to correctly identify the characteristics of different health issues by understanding the patient data found in EHR 6. Hashing then involves mapping from keys into the new space  , and using the results of Searching to find the proper hash table location. We thus use simulated annealing 10  , a global optimization method. The time and space complexity of IMRank with the generalized LFA strategy is low. The transfer function of When D = 0  , the system is said to be strictly causal. Using auxiliary tree T   , recursive function sort csets is invoked to sort the component sets. Incorrect words aaect collection statistics and query expansion. This paper presents the neighbourhood preserving quantization NPQ method for approximate similarity search. To do this  , we used a regular expression to check the mention of contexts in the document – that is  , the pair city  , state mentioned above –  , along with another regular expression checking if the city was mentioned near another state different from the target state. This objective is fulfilled by either having a layer to perform the transformation or looking up word vectors from a table which is filled by word vectors that are trained separately using additional large corpus. Levow and Oard  , 1999 studied the impact of lexicon coverage on CLIR performance. Instead of evaluating every distinct word or document during each gradient step in order to compute the sums in equations 9 and 10  , hierarchical softmax uses two binary trees  , one with distinct documents as leaves and the other with distinct words as leaves. For a high performance system with an end-effector mounted camera  , mechanical vibration in the structure will be part of the overall closed-loop transfer function. At each level of this hierarchy   , only a single B+-tree exists unless a merge is currently performed   , which creates temporary trees. — The TOMS automatically constructs a recognize function by using a pattemmatcher driven by a user's regular expression13. Full document translation for large collections is impractical  , thus query translation is a viable alternative. According to the objective function 6  , we think that the optimal r-dimensional embedding X *   , which preserves the user-item preference information  , could be got by solving the following problem: Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. In QALD-3 a multilingual task has been introduced  , and since QALD-4 the hybrid task is included. In general  , language modeling approaches to retrieval rely on collection frequency CF in place of DF: Corpus-based approaches to CLIR have generally developed within a framework based on language modeling rather than vector space models  , at least in part because modern statistical translation frameworks offer a natural way of integrating translation and language models 19. The transfer function of the control system developed from the Eitelberg's method shown in Fig. The improved results suggest that the expanded terms produced by Google-set are helpful for query expansion. Boolean assertions in programming languages and testing frameworks embody this notion. The p-value confirms the statistically significance of the high Pearson correlation when the lead time is less than 2 weeks. However  , as the translation resource is constant across the experiments in the paper  , we were confident this would not affect the comparison of triangulation to other CLIR techniques. To display the according occurrence count behind each term i.e. It is well known that for collocated measurements  , the transfer function is passive and hence it is easy to stablilise the system 4. For this  , a parallel corpus of lower quality still can provide reasonably good query translations. However  , to calculate the likelihood function  , we have to marginalize over the latent variables which is difficult in our model for both real variables η  , τ   , as it leads to integrals that are analytically intractable  , and discrete variables z1···m  , it involves computationally expensive sum over exponential i.e. The mapping of the Expressivity to more than one sub-parameter consequently constrains the space of all possible configurations. Consider a software system that is modeled by its inheritance and containment graphs  , and the task is to analyze how many instances of the design pattern Composite are used in the design of the system. For a more complete description of this mapping from activation level space to force space  , see 25. Query expansion involves adding new words and phrases to the existing search terms to generate an expanded query. Our approach is simple yet effective and powerful  , and as discussed later in Section 6  , it also opens up several aspects of improvements and future work aligned with the concept of facilitating user's search without the aid of query logs. We developed a family of referencebased indexing techniques. Further  , research methods and contextual relations are identified using a list of identified indicator phrases. The exact mapping of topics and posts to vectors depends on the vector space in which we are operating. Model Parameters. 9 also focused on the frequency domain verification of transfer function models for a single-link flexible arm. However  , there is one important restriction of such XPath views: The XPath expression in the comparison has to be exactly the same as the view XPath expression. Mark has been a co-organizer of two TREC tracks  , a co-organizer of the SIGIR 2013 workshop on modeling user behavior for information retrieval evaluation MUBE and the SIGIR 2010 workshop on the simulation of interaction. For patterns longer than 50 characters  , this version never reported a match. Conclusions and the contributions of this work are summarized in Section 6. 28  proposed a personalized search framework to utilize folksonomy for personalized search. To compare the two approaches in detail  , we are interested in answering two questions. It is necessary to design a motion planning method in order to execute these elements. 2 Training a Random Forest: During trammg of the forest  , the optimization variables are the pairs of feature component cPij and threshold B per split node. With the empirical results we conclude:  With different initial rankings  , IMRank could converge to different self-consistent rankings. Thus  , for the following experiments  , we adopted the T+G pattern to perform query expansion. Using Dijkstra or other graph searching methods  , a path between the start and goal configuration is then easily found. Pearson and Cosine are based on user similarity as measured by Pearson's correlation coefficient and cosine similarity  , respectively. Although our technique is designed with a focus on document-todocument similarity queries  , the techniques are also applicable to the short queries of search engines. A grid search defines a grid over the parameter space. Retrospectively  , this choice now bears fruit  , as the update exists as an average amenable to stochastic gradient descent. Queries are posted to a reference search engine and the similarity between two queries is measured using the number of common URLs in the top 50 results list returned from the reference search engine. It uses estimates of the distance to the goal to search efficiently . Applying a regular expression pattern   , such as " find capitalized phrases containing some numbers with length greater than two "   , on the text " The Nokia 6600 was one of the oldest models. " This paper explores flat and hierarchical PBMT systems for query translation in CLIR. Finally  , the last section presents some conclusions and recom- mendations. ADEPT supports the creation of personalized digital libraries of geospatial information  " learning spaces "  but owns its resources unlike in G-Portal where the development of the collection depends mainly on users' contributions as well as on the discovery and acquisition of external resources such as geography-related Web sites. The other enabling and firing rules of the mapping transitions are the same as the ordinary transitions. Although our data set may not correspond to a " random sample " of the web  , we believe that our methods and the numbers that we report in this paper still have merit for the following reasons . Using our fully decoupled tracker and mapper design and fast image space tracking  , we are able to compute the pose estimates on the MAV in constant time at 4.39 ms while building the growing global map on the ground station. This is sufficiently general to describe in rigorous terms the events of interest  , and can be used to describe in homogeneous terms much of the existing work on testing. For example  , we can divide the range of values of JaroWinklerDistance into three bins  , and call them high  , medium and low match. The tree node corresponding to the last item of the sorted summary itemset represents a cluster  , to which the transaction T i belongs. Such queries can be implemented using the general FORSEQ clause by specifying the relevant patterns i.e. Given the obvious constraints  , a trade-off had to be made between getting a broad representative sample of search tasks and what was feasible. None of these tools are integrated with an interactive development environment  , nor do they provide scaffolding for transformation construction. However   , before drawing inferences from the resulting clusters it is essential to validate the results to reduce the possibility that the clusters were identified by chance and do not actually reflect differences in the underlying data. During the training session  , the above extraction pattern is applied to the web page and the first table matching the pattern is returned as the web clip. If it has the leading position in the target market  , the organization usually takes the initiative in SPL evolution and prefers a proactive strategy. A reformulation node is chosen based on a modified form of best-first search. Because we did not have any ground truth for selecting among these alternatives in the first year of the track  , we instantiated a small crowdsourcing task on CrowdFlower  , 9 in which we showed the annotators questions from the final dry run  , with up to six answers from the six retrieval configurations when two or more methods returned the same answer  , we would show fewer than six options. For topic 59  , query expansion does not recognize one equivalence in the query statements  , the equivalence between " storm-related " and " weather-related. " The terms that we elicited from users for query expansion improved retrieval performance in all cases. In this section  , we give three examples of new algebraic operators that are well-suited for efficient implementation of nested OOSQL queries. Moreover  , trajectories over S give meaning to the actions in the discrete specification. On the one hand  , such pattern restriction is not unique in entity search. This result motivates a CS experiment where we check the correlation between TCT and performance  , completing our argument for detecting careless workers by their TCT under competition conditions. The current implementation of the VLBG it is based upon a graph search technique derived from Dijkstra search. Instead of assuming an unrealistic measurement uncertainty for each range as previous works do  , we have presented an accurate likelihood model for individual ranges  , which are fused by means of a Consensus Theoretic method. To the best of our knowledge  , this study is the first to address the practical challenge of keeping an OSN-based search / recommender system up-to-date  , a challenge that has become essential given the phenomenal growth rate of user populations in today's OSNs 2. In a traditional search scenario  , a Web user submits a query describing his/her information need and a search engine returns a list of presumably relevant pages. The query suggestion component involves random walks and can be configured to consider the most recent n queries. In this year's task  , the summary is operationalized by a list of non-redundant  , chronologically ordered tweets that occur before time t. In the ad hoc search  , we apply a learning to rank framework with the help of the official API. The best automatic query expansion search for that topic  , using a cut-off of 2  , achieves 51 % precision. This similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation coefficient between their term weight vectors unlike the rating vectors described in Section 3.2.1. Others like 6 proposes a rule-based on-line scheduling system for an FMS that generates appropriate priority rules to select a transition to be fired from a set of conflicting transitions. We also note that the method for personality prediction using text reports a Pearson correlation of r => .3 for all five traits. Before training any of the models  , we compute the Pearson correlation coefficient between each pair of project features Table 5. The combined search aggregates text and visual similarity. The result is a task velocity toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. These metrics are instantiated using Word Embedding models from Wikipedia 4 and Twitter  , pre-trained using the GloV e 12 tool. Table 4shows a comparison of the recall precision values for the English-Chinese CLIR experimental results. Field studies of robots in educational facilities have used multiple Qrio humanoids along with the Rubi platform 2. By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. The first was query expansion – where additional terms were added to the query itself. Coefficients greater than ±0.5 with statistical significant level < 0.05 are marked with a * . Second  , the editing is often conditional on the surrounding context. Perhaps more surprising is the fact that a simple keyword search  , composed without prior knowledge of the collection  , almost always yields a more effective seed set than random selection  , whether for CAL  , SAL  , or SPL. The rise of B2B e-commerce revealed a series of new information management challenges in the area of product data integration 5 ,13. From the likelihood function corresponding to a particular observed inspection result one can compute estimates for the number of defects contained in the document in a standard way. This property gets pushed down to Sort and then Merge. Also in this step CLAP makes use of the Random Forest machine learner with the aim of labelling each cluster as high or low priority  , where high priority indicates clusters CLAP recommends to be implemented in the next app release. For query generation  , we modify verb constructions with auxiliaries that differ in questions and corresponding answers  , e.g. " The first method is heuristic query expansion  , and the second is based on random walks over UMLS. Pirkola appears to have been the first to try separately estimating TF and DF for query terms in a CLIR application 13  , using the InQuery synonym operator to implement what he called " structured queries. " Afterwards the Q-Learning was trained. Using the model  , we can then translate that probability into a statistically founded threshold of clicks and remove all " users " that exceed that threshold. will not yield an autonomic computing system unless the elements share a set of common behaviors  , interfaces and interaction patterns that are demonstrably capable of engendering system-level selfmanagement . – Search engine : Apache Lucene is a free  , full-text search engine library. One of the well-known uni-modal hashing method is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 2  , which uses random projections to obtain the hash functions. While our techniques are fully general  , we have emphasized the fixed level cases in our reporting so that we can make comparisons with results in the literature. 5 Model 2 interprets the information seeking situation in the usual way as follows: The documents in the collection have a wide variety of different properties; semantic properties of aboutness  , linguistic properties concerning words that occur in their titles or text  , contextual properties concerning who are their authors  , where they were published   , what they cited  , etc. All our official runs were evaluated by trec eval as they were baselines  , because we updated the final ranks but not the final topical-opinion scores. These approaches M e r from one another only in the level of abstraction. Numerically differentiating position twice  , which is required for impedance causality  , could introduce substantial noise into the system making The transfer function with impedance casuality: importance of admittance causality is clear when considering virtual environments such as rigid body simulations . We compare our new method to previously proposed LSH methods – a detailed comparison with other indexing techniques is outside the scope of this work. In practice  , many regular expression guards of transactions are vacuous leading to a small number of partitions. The TREC 2011 topic set seems the most difficult one. From that page it is possible to perform a full-text search  , a similarity search starting from one of the random selected images. To represent a specific node in S  , previous work tries to find matches in the skipgram model for every phrase  , and average the corresponding vectors 9. The performance of TL-PLSA is higher when the percentage of shared classes of source and target domain is smaller. To centre the mean of the RGB likelihood function on the fingertips  , two additional likelihood functions are introduced.  A federated search function was added to allow users search for appropriate objects in more LORs like Merlot  , SMETE and EdNa. At the same time it is not possible to tune the word embeddings on the training set  , as it will overfit due to the small number of the query-tweet pairs available for training. In more recent systems  , Lucene  , a high-performance text retrieval library  , is often deployed for more sophisticated index and searching capability. The likely cause for this disagreement is due to the inaccurate modeling of the human arm dynamics  , E  , and the human sensitivity transfer function  , sh. There were a few selections for which the search engine did not return any result. Geometric hashing 14 has been proposed aa a technique for fast indexing. This user interface can be extended to implement more elaborate search commands. We c m directly transfer the calibrated joints value measured by the CyberGlove@ to the robot hand. Search engines are widely used tool for querying unstructured data  , but there is a growing interest in incorporating structured information behind the "simple" search interface. A sort-merge anti-join implementation if present and used would perform exactly same as NISR and hence we have not consider it here explicitly. As an illustrative example  , Figure 1shows the average relevance distribution estimate resulting for the Lemur Indri search system and the pLSA recommender –which we use as baselines in our experiments in section 4. Our web graph is based on a web crawl that was conducted in a breadth-first-search fashion  , and successfully retrieved 463 ,685 ,607 HTML pages. Thus  , the collection used for this investigation was the English corpus from the TREC8 CLIR Track and the 28 German and English queries from the same track for which relevance judgements are available. Illustration of k-merge phases: Figure 3 gives an illustration of bitonic sort for m = 8. For a robot a significant proportion of the environmental changes are known and can be predicted in advance from the task program which the user defines via the supervisory computer. We now describe a technique that incorporates hill-climbing and is roughly We assume that which vertices are adjacent to each vertex is pre-computed and stored as a part of the polyhedron representation. The vector space model as well as probabilistic information retrieval PIR models 4  , 28  , 29 and statistical language models 14 are very successful in practice. We assign scores to each entity extracted  , and rank entities according to their scores. In both works  , the authors showed that there exist some data distributions where maximal unprunned trees used in the random forests do not achieve as good performance as the trees with smaller number of splits and/or smaller node size. Three experiments were conducted  , one based on nouns  , one based on stylometric properties  , and one based on punctuation statistics. The confidence of the learned classifier is then used as a similarity metric for the records. Thus  , we utilize LSH to increase such probability. In general  , the optimization problem 17 can be locally solved using numerical gradient-descent methods. Figure 7b graphs log-likelihood as a function of autocorrelation. We omit queries issued by clicking on the next link and use only first page requests 10 . All of the correlation values exceed 0.6  , and therefore are statistically highly significant. Clearly  , there is significantly fewer cross community edges  , and more inner community conductorships in the communities extracted by NetPLSA than PLSA. Our recency-based query-expansion approach is a slight modification of the query-expansion method described in Massoudi et al. The mean decrease Gini score associated by a random forest to a feature is an indicator of how much this feature helps to separate documents from different classes in the trees. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and definition pattern matching. Column and table names can be demoted into column values using special characters in regular expressions; these are useful in conjunction with the Fold transform described below. The final permutation 41352 represents the sort order of the five tokens using last byte most significant order  , and can be used as input to future calls to permute. A candidate path is located when an entity from the forward frontier matches an entity from the reverse frontier. Model-based approaches group together different users in the training database into a small number of classes based on their rating patterns. In general  , in the worst case we would need to look at all possible subsets of triples an exponential search space even for the simplest queries. The library will contain several features to extend the Stack interface  , such as peek and search among others. We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. This was our motivation for starting with a random sample of actual user queries. We first fit the general model by fitting it to the general distribution of the minutes between a retweet and the original tweet. It reaches a maximum MRR of 0.879 when trained with 6 data sources and then saturates  , retaining almost the same MRR for higher number of training data sources used. We order each items descending on their cos positive score. Following the method described by Sagi and Gal 32  , correlation of matrix level predictors is measured using the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient Pearsons's r . 1 measurement of respondents' sensations  , feelings or impressions Dimension reduction techniques are one obvious solution to the problems caused by high dimensionality. Using all terms for query expansion was significantly better than using only the terms immediately surrounding the user's query Document/Query Representation  , All Words vs. Near Query. The final results show Q2 being used for root-finding instead of optimization. According to the conditional independency assumptions  , we can get the probability distribution pR ij |q through  , the problem of learning probability pR ij |q  , by a probabilistic graphical model  , which is described by Figure 1. After all documents are indexed  , the data are aggregated and sent to the Self-Organizing Map for categorization. Hence  , in this paper we adopt a simple pointwise method to reranking and focus on modelling a rich representation of query-document pairs using deep learning approaches which is described next. To come to our classification schemes  , we sampled random queries from our log data. Figure 1' which are acquired through repeated exposures t o the particular sounds of interest. For example  , if users jump to Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. While bearing a resemblance to multi-modal metric learning which aims at learning the similarity or the distance measure from multi-modal data  , the multi-modal ranking function is generally optimized by an evaluation criterion or a loss function defined over the permutation space induced by the scoring function over the target documents. Therefore  , we used a distributed search framework in order to simulate a single search index. In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. This means that NetPLSA indeed extracts more coherence topical communities than PLSA. We would expect that in the first case  , the learned model would look very similar to baseline query likelihood efficient but not effective. We first employ a probabilistic retrieval model to retrieve candidate questions based on their relevance scores to a review. Our empirical study of 56 multithreaded Java programs showed that random variations in the search order give rise to enormous variations in the cost to find an error across a space. Thus  , an optimizer generates only a small number of interesting orders. Therefore  , the knowledge of inverse kinematics mapping is of great interest since it allows the path planing to be independent of the geometry of the robot. This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . We expected an immediate identification between sizing and effort  , but ultimately the data showed very weak correlations  , i.e.  We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. The first mode of the beam was estimated in real-time utilizing the Empirical Transfer Function Estimator ETFE 17. The presentation emphasizes the importance of using a closed-loop model i.e. Philanthropies  , universities  , militaries and other important institutions do not take market value as a metric. As O is computed by summing the loss for each user-POI pair  , we adopt the stochastic gradient descent SGD method for optimization . The resulting dynamical model is described by fewer equations in the u-space. The functions insert and insert-inv receives the " abstract " bodies defined there. All of the timings in this section were done on a 120MHz Pentium PC running Linux  , and the code was compiled using the gcc compiler with optimisation turned on  , This figure illustrates clearly the usefulness of hill-climbing  , with the effect being most noticeable for larger hulls. All subsequent passes of external sort are merge passes. The BErkeley AeRobot BEAR project 3  is a research effort at the University of California  , Berkeley that encompasses the disciplines of control  , hybrid systems theory  , computer vision  , isensor fusion  , communication   , game theory and mult i-agent coordination. Copyrights for third-party components of this work must be honored. The database centric probabilistic retrieval model is compared to existing semantic labeling and retrieval methods  , and shown to achieve higher accuracy than the previously best published results  , at a fraction of their computational cost. For large graphs like ours  , there are no efficient solutions to determine if two graphs are physically identical . In CEMT-based method  , we use a CEMT system named TransEasy 4 to translate the queries into English. The relationship between context instances and patterns is called the matching relation  , which is mathematically represented by the belong-to set operator . In an evaluation  , the authors found that the inclusion of different types of contextual information associated with an exception can enhance the accuracy of recommendations. Patterns are organized in a list according to their scores. They use minimal space  , providing that the size is known in advance or that growth is not a problem e.g. We show that we can calculate the transfer function using the max-plus approach  , which seems to be more useful for large systems. This approach aims to reduce the bias introduced through human defined search terms. Let lt and ls be two leaf nodes matched by two distinct tokens t and s. The node a that is the deepest common ancestor of lt and ls defines a regular expression that matches t and s. The complete procedure for generating an URL pattern is described in Figure 7  , where the symbol "  " is used to denote the string concatenation operation. The simplest forward transfer-function matrix to achieve these objectives is where IC = diag ,{k ,} is a constant nxn matrix to be determined . There are also approaches that cluster search results 1 which can help users dive into a topic. Next  , we study the Pearson product-moment correlation between user j's disclosure score θ j and the user's five personality scores  , plus three additional attributes  , namely sex  , number of social contacts  , and age. On Persons 1  , the three curves are near -coincidental  , while in the case of ACM-DBLP  , the best performance of the proposed system was achieved in the first iteration itself hence  , two curves are coincidental. Thus  , improvements in retrieval quality that address intrinsically diverse needs have potential for broad impact. Thus  , the third heuristic is: 'The Cornell and Yu results apply to hash-based  , sort-merge  , and nested loops join methods. Task-level learning is applied to the entire system  , as oppwed to each component Q vision ayatem level module  , in order to reduce the degrees of freedom of the learning problem. In order to assess the value of what we have done  , we tested the usefulness of the newly derived dictionaries on a medical document collection. Previous studies McCarley  , 1999 suggested that such a combination can improve CLIR performance. Xcerpt's pattern matching is based on simulation unification. As an example  , consider the problem of pattern matching with electrocardiograms. The idea of having bilingual contexts for each pivot word in each pseudo-bilingual document will steer the final model towards constructing a shared inter-lingual embedding space. When a user enters a freetext query string  , the corpus of webpages is ranked using an IR approach and then the mapping from webpages back to songs is used to retrieve relevant songs. When further integrating transfer learning to deep learning  , DL+TT  , DL+BT and DL+FT achieve better performance than the DL approach. We see that the transfer function defines the kinematic correspondence between the master and the slave. The resulting model is quite precise and was experimentally verified 2. For example  , the user can provide an alternating template representing the regular expression ab *   , a program  , and an alphabet of possible assignments. A self-folding sheet is defined as a crease pattern composed of cuts and folding edges hinges as shown in Fig 3. A shape memory polymer SMP actuator is located along each folding edge of the sheet  , and its fold angle is encoded by the geometry of the rigid material located at the edge. In Section 6  , we show state of the art results on two practical problems  , a sample of movies viewed by a few million users on Xbox consoles  , and a binarized version of the Netflix competition data set. We also introduced several query models for chemical formula search  , which are different from keywords searches in IR. A SIMDized bitonic sorting kernel is used to sort items locally in the local stores of the SPEs  , a distributed in-core bitonic merge is used to merge local store resident local sort results  , and a distributed out-ofcore bitonic merge is used to merge the results of a number of main memory resident in-core sort results. In addition  , the construction of the index data structure should be quick and it should deal with various sequences of insertions and deletions conveniently. We utilize the proximity of query terms and expansion terms inside query document DQ to assign importance weights to the explicit expansion concepts. From an embedding point of view  , θ d is document d's projection in a low-dimensional nonnegative topical embedding 7. They primarily used heuristics and pattern matching for recognizing URLs of homepages. Traditional twig pattern matching techniques suffer from problems dealing with contents  , such as difficulty in data content management and inefficiency in performing content search. The idea of heuristic best-first search is to estimate which nodes are most promising in the candidate set and then continue searching in the way of the most promising node. We use information entropy as the uncertainty measurement of the B-spline model. Consider  , for example  , the classifier that identifies SD. We can do model selection and combination—technical details are in Appendix C. This can be performed using only data gathered online and time complexity is independent of the stream size. The second component of the visual mapping is brightness . find that a better method is to combine the question-description pairs used for training P D|Q with the description-question pairs used for training P Q|D  , and to then use this combined set of pairs for learning the word-to-word translation probabilities. The underlying distribution of the unlabeled data is also investigated to choose the most representative examples 10. In formal program verification one usually avoids explicitly constructing representations of program states. By introducing this join and adjusting the optimization level for the the DB2 query optimizer  , we could generate the correct plans. More recently  , Wang and Wang 10  used deep leaning techniques which perform feature learning from audio signals and music recommendation in a unified framework.  In the language model approaches to information retrieval  , models that capture term dependencies achieve substantial improvements over the unigram model. Their correct translation therefore is crucial for good performance of machine translation MT and cross-language information retrieval CLIR systems. A fundamental assumption for multimodal retrieval is that by mapping objects in a modalityconsistent latent space  , the latent space representations of semantically relevant inter-modal pairs should be consistent. Clicking on a picture launches the visual similarity search. These two features are essentially one-step random walk features in a more general context 13. In this respect  , blog feed search bears some similarity to resource ranking in federated search. For the other two approaches  , we use the same query expansion and document expansion techniques. Groups such as ETH 15  , and a collaboration between the University of Colorado  , Duke University and Microsoft 21 investigated corpus based methods. The learning rate of Q-learning is slow at the beginning of learning. After completing queries  , participants reported their familiarity with each search topic on a 5-point Likert scale. Further  , Wang and Vidyasagar have shown in 12  that the relative degree of the transfer function relating the base torque to the tip position becomes ill-defined as the nuimber of modes included in the truncated model tends 'to infinity. Two areas for further investigation are: the use of probabilistic dependencies as constrainta  , and the way in which they interact; and the concept of the degree to This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. The good fitting between the experimental results and the model indicates that the model is quite accurate  , and may allow to make extrapolations to predict the actuator performance when it is scaled down to the target size for the arthroscope. The Cosine metric measures the similarity by computing the cosine of the angle between the two vectors representing the search trails. The SP 2 Bench and BSBM were not considered for our RDF fulltext benchmark simply due to the fact of their very recent publication. A keyword query can be submitted to a search engine through many applications communicating with the search engine. In the last decade  , however  , with the growth in the number of Web users  , the need of facing the problem of the language barriers for exchanging information has notably increased and the need for CLIR systems in everyday life has become more and more clear the recent book by J.-Y. and word embedding for terms into a standalone version that can be applied to any document collection to facilitate efficient event browsing. This combination of attributes is generally designed to be unique with a high likelihood and  , as such  , can function as a device identifier. In this paper  , we intend to give an empirical argument in favor of creating a specialised OLAP engine for analytical queries on Statistical Linked Data. The first result involves characterizing transfer functions of polygonal parts and states that for every step function f   , each step having a fixed point4 strictly in its interior  , there corresponds a polygonal part PJ having f as its transfer function and vice versa. The XPath P used in the pattern matching of a template can have multiple XPath steps with predicates. Our baseline was a query rewriting technique based on the Pearson correlation. Note that this differs from when emergency rooms are more likely to receive visits 18  , suggesting that urgent search engine temporal patterns may differ from ER visit patterns. The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with two-point contact. Rather than considering only rectangular objects  , we propose approximating the likelihood function by integrating over an appropriate half plane. Simulated anneahng has been used m a variety of apphcation areas to good effect Klrkpatrlck 83. Both tools employ heuristics to speed up their search. In the case of our mobile robot we chose four particular variables for the reduced information vector. First  , we briefly introduce Word2Vec  , a set of models that are used to produce word embeddings  , and Doc2Vec  , a modification of Word2Vec to generate document embeddings  , in Section 4.1. The purpose of the calibrating database is to use it to calibrate the coefficients in the cost formulae for any given relational DBMS. The novelty of our work lies in a probabilistic generation model for opinion retrieval  , which is general in motivation and flexible in practice. To combat the above problem  , we propose a generalized LFA strategy that trades a slight increase in running time for better accuracy in estimating Mr  , and therefore improves the performance of IMRank on influence spread. For example  , pattern matching classes that encode multi- DoF motions 22 or force functions for each joint 9; or direct control within a reduced dimensionality space 14. To this end  , we constructed a domaindependent conceptual lexicon which can be used as an external resource for query expansion. In that work  , a deformable template method is used to optimize a likelihood function based on the proposed model. First the summary function of the call node must be computed from the regular expression for the arc language of the called prime program . for which the discontinuities only remain for the case of deep penetrations. From these  , URLs were extracted using a simple regular expression . We provide a probabilistic model for image retrieval problem. In this paper we present a novel probabilistic information retrieval model and demonstrate its capability to achieve state-of-the-art performance on large standardized text collections. The manufacturing system considered in this paper consists of two cells linked together by a material system composed of two buffers A and B and a conveyor. Graph pattern matching Consider the graph pattern P from Fig. Both risks may dramatically affect the classifier performance and can lead to poor prediction accuracy or even in wrong predictive models. As expected  , query expansion is more useful for short queries  , and less useful for long queries. The Bernoulli parameter pr ,u in our model  , however  , is specific to a rank r and a user u  , thus leaving more flexibility for setting different hypothesized values for simulation or fitting empirical parameters from log data. Figure 1illustrates the general framework for relation based query expansion. Folding the overhand knot involves an operation to insert one of the links on the end through a triangle formed by other links  , which in this case has a limited size. In exploratory tasks users are often uncertain how to formulate search queries 8 either because they are unfamiliar with the search topic or they have no clear search goals in mind. where α is the similarity threshold in a fuzzy query. This helps in alleviating an inherent limitation of symbolic execution by building on results from tools that do not suffer from the same limitation. There is large variability in the bids as well as in the potential for profit in the different auctions. Separate title  , subject  , and author search interfaces or advanced syntax may be provided to limit search to such bibliographic fields  , and is often utilized by the expert user whom desires fine-grained control of their search 2. If this were the case  , a random search would find one of those feasible solutions quickly. Initial template is constructed based on structure of one page and then it is generalized over set of pages by adding set of operators   , if the pages are structurally dissimilar. Thecompared AveP and G AveP. Our experiments this year for the TREC 1-Million Queries Track focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine 4. An integral control term also serves to eliminate the presence of an algebraic loop in the closed-loop transfer function. The rest of this paper is organized as following  , first we review major approaches in recommendation systems including papers that focus on the cold start problem in Section 2; in Section 3  , we describe the data sets we work with and detail the type of features we use to model the user and the items in each domain  , respectively. We now discuss how to address two practical challenges in employing our model as a prediction tool. Figure 2ashows the evolution of the trajectory in the x   , y  , and z directions   , respectively  , and Figure 2bshows the negative of ei for the collision avoidance subtask. In normalization   , we just directly fill the key with the related value. A support vector machine was trained on the first three quarters of the data and tested on the unused data. However  , if gobal optimation is paid too much attention  , GA maybe drop in random search. Although the mapping is diffeomorphic  , the transformed path to the joint space possibly does not coincide with the optimal path in the joint space. We proposed a formal probabilistic model of Cross-Language Information Retrieval. 5: Quantification of the fitting of oriented-Gabor model RMSE as defined in eq. The problem with a double integrator in the open-loop transfer function is the inherent tendency to become unstable. In this paper  , we proposed three classification models accounting for non-stationary autocorrelation in relational data. The engine returns a search result list. These parameters are used to derive a mapping from each camera's image space to the occupancy map space. Association discovery is a fundamental data mining task. For example  , for the context Springfield  , IL  , we would include in its corresponding sub-collection all the documents where Springfield and IL are mentioned and only spaces or commas are in between  , however  , a document would not be valid if  , besides Springfield  , IL  , it also contains Springfield  , FL. set to determine the correlation and just ignored the training set as there is nothing we need to tune. Contributions. An interesting property of hierarchical feature maps is the tremendous speed-up as compared to the self-organizing map. Before the searches  , each participant filled out a questionnaire to determine age  , education  , gender and computer experience  , and two psychometric testslO  , a test of verbal fluency Controlled Associations  , test FA-1 and a test for structural visualization Paper Folding  , test VZ-2. Stack Skyline points SL Finally  , p8  , p9 dominated by {p1} in SL is skipped and the search completes. Thus  , whenever N i is located in the occupied region of a reading  , the likelihood of the reading is approximately the maximum. The duration of the burn-in period was determined by running three MCMC chains in parallel and monitoring the convergence of predictions. Compared to blind random search optimization the convergence speed is similar but the learning strategy finds significantly better gaits  , e.g. The most common correlations of spiritual beliefs and robot design and use preferences were related to participants' agreement with Confucian values. We compared SPARQL2NL with SPARTIQULATION on a random sample of 20 queries retrieved from the QALD-2 benchmark within a blind survey: We asked two SPARQL experts to evaluate the adequacy and fluency of the verbalizations achieved by the two approaches. Using these measures  , PRF appears beneficial in most CLIR experiments  , as using PRF seems to consistently produce higher average precision than baseline systems. All runs are compared to the baseline NoDiv. While most of the previously proposed control strategies for the single flexible link required only a state space model 1 ,2 ,3  , other control strategies require a transfer function for the system. Typically  , each axis will have its own servo controller to allow it to track reference inputs. The " stand-alone " approaches described above suffered from a key architectural drawback as pointed out by 40  , the first paper to propose an explicit workload model and also to use the query optimizer for estimating costs. To preserve the quality of results  , a distributed search engine must generate the same results as a centralized implementation. Machine learning methods such as support vector machines were usually employed in the classification. For the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to provide entity-oriented search on the Internet Archive  , as the basis for a new kind of access to web archives  , with the following contributions: 1 We propose a novel web archive search system that supports entity-based queries and multilingual search. For a noncompliant motion Eq.5 describes a decoupled system  , which is generally not true in case of compliant motion. after query expansion. toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. To the best of our knowledge  , XSeek is the first XML keyword search engine that automatically infers desirable return nodes to form query results. Since our resources are less than ideal  , should we compensate by implementing pre-and post-expansion ? But in high-dimensional spaces the parameter ε specifying the density threshold must be chosen very large  , because a lot of dimensions contribute to the distance values. Table 4displays these results. In other words  , if we had access to an oracle that always provided us the best sub-query and best expansion set for a query  , we can obtain the indicated upper bound on performance. " We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. In the second phase  , we trained the DNN model on the training set by using tensorflow 8   , the deep learning library from Google. For each query expansion method  , we experimented with various setting of expansion parameters  , primarily including n and k  , where n is the number of top retrieved documents and k is the number of expansion terms. Similar to the Mann-Whitney test  , it does not assume normal distributions of the population and works well on samples with unequal sizes. The presence of the FUNIT element helps to distinguish quantitative properties from datatype and qualitative properties  , because quantitative values are determined by numeric values and units of measurements  , e.g. The authors show how click graphs can be used to improve ranking of image search results. Word2Vec 6 provides vector representation of words by using deep learning. Illustrative examples of these results are presented in Table 5  , which summarizes the results of the PLSA model by showing the 10 highest probability words along with their corresponding conditional probabilities from 4 topics in the CiteSeer data set. This is another issue that has seen a great deal of exploratory research  , including studies of offices and real desks 6. A mathematical model was established and validated both deductively based on its geometric structure and inductively through empirical findings. We defined four types of concepts: proper nouns  , dictionary phrases  , simple phrases and complex phrases. by enumeration  , via a regular expression  , or via ad hoc operators specific to text structure such as proximity  , positional and inclusion operators for instance  , in the style of the model for text structure presented in 14. From the aspect of topic understanding  , the Learning Query Expansion LQE model based on semi-machine learning method is designed. Since a continuous state s ∈ S specifies the placement of objects  , one can determine whether or not the predicate holds at s. This interpretation of which predicates actually hold at a continuous state provides a mapping from the continuous space to the discrete space  , denoted as a function map S →Q : S → Q. However  , it is necessary to add semantics to symbols so that they can be employed in a query expansion technique. As already mentioned  , a VAD system tries to determine when a verbalization starts and when it ends. As a pilot study  , we believe that this work has opened a new door to recommendation systems using deep learning from multiple data sources. Large measurement likelihoods indicate that the particle set is distributed in a likely region of space and it is possible to decrease measurement model entropy.  That any document judged as relevant would have a positive effect on query expansion. The acceleration method ensures no error in the stiffness and damping terms  , but generates a fourth order transfer function which can be unstable. The system achieved roughly 90% of monolingual performance in retrieving Chinese documents and 85% in retrieving Spanish documents. We do not further discuss in-core merges. Since softassign determines the correspondence between data sets  , the exact correspondences are not needed in advance. Figure 3shows the scalability of All-Significant-Pairs and LiveSet-Driven with respect to various gradient thresholds . Viola and Jones 20  , 21 In recent years  , deep learning arouses academia and industrial attentions due to its magic in computer vision. Our Web-based query expansion QE consists of the Wikipedia QE module  , which extracts terms from Wikipedia articles and Wikipedia Thesaurus  , and the Google QE module  , which extends the PIRC approach that harvests expansion terms from Google search results Kwok  , Grunfeld & Deng  , 2005. In this paper  , as a first step towards developing such nextgeneration search engine  , a prototype search system for Web and TV programs is developed that performs integrated search of those content  , and that allows chain search where related content can be accessed from each search result. the jackknife standard errors indicated that a difference of this size was not large enough to be distinguishable from random fluctuations i.e. Similarity search has proven to be an interesting problem in the text domain because of the unusually large dimensionality of the problem as compared to the size of the documents . semantic sets measured according to structural and textual similarity. We employ two well-known space-mapping techniques: the Hilbert space-filling curve 15 and iDistance 23. Moreover   , pignistic Shannon entropy is computed based on the derived crisp evidence structure. Systems return docids for document search. Paradoxically  , technical terms and names are not generally found in electronic translation dictionaries utilised by MT and CLIR systems. Such a search-driven approach achieves extensibility by exploring evaluators rather than static pairwise rules. We assume that the answer patterns in our pattern matching approach express the desired semantic relationship between the question and the answer and thus a document that matches one of the patterns is likely to be supportive . For both tasks  , we use browsing-search pairs to evaluate . C-Search can be positioned anywhere in the semantic continuum with syntactic search being its base case  , and semantic search being the optimal solution  , at the moment beyond the available technology. The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with single-point contact. Each model ranks candidates according to the probability of the candidate being an expert given the query topic  , but the models differ in how this is performed. Besides the standard topical query expansion Topic QE  , we also give results of the weighted topical query expansion W. Topic QE. Typical state lattice planners for static domains are implemented using a best-first search over the graph such as A* or D*-lite. There is a certain advantage to the use of such an entropy-based skill learning method. Transformation T 3 : Each index-scan operator in P is replaced with a table-scan operator followed by a selection operator  , where the selection condition is the same as the index-scan condition. Here we explore the opposite however  , optimality of interfaces given search behavior. Chain search is done by computing similarity between the selected result and all other content based on the common indices. Hence  , we may end up with very large regular expressions. Consequently   , when faced incomplete databases  , current mediators only provide the certain answers thereby sacrificing recall. After the integration  , we can maximize the following log-likelihood function with the relative weight λ. We studied Quicksort and replacemcnt sclcction.  Sort By allows users to change the ordering of the displayed search results. CNNs are powerful classifiers due to their ability to automatically learn discriminative features from the input data. There have been many studies on this problem. We use predictions from C map to compute the MappingScore  , the likelihood that terminals in P are correct interpretation of corresponding words in S. C map . Predict function of the classifier predicts the probability of each word-toterminal mapping being correct. We propose a formal probabilistic model for incorporating query and key concepts information into a single structured query  , and show that using these structured queries results in a statistically significant improvement in retrieval performance over using the original description queries on all tested corpora. We use the Predict function in the rms R package 19 to plot changes in the estimated likelihood of defect-proneness while varying one explanatory variable under test and holding the other explanatory variables at their median values. With our approach  , a single tool can nicely bring the wealth of data from established B2B environments to the Web of Data. We see that although the query expansion systems move points associated with some queries  , neither expansion system offers much reduction in the query-to-query scatter. Each UI screen or webpage implements several UI design patterns. According to the framework of Fisher Kernel  , text segments are modeled by a probability density function. Top-k queries also as known as ranking queries have been heavily employed in many applications  , such as searching web databases  , similarity search  , recommendation systems   , etc. Expert users would employ element-specific navigation allowing them to jump back and forth among elements of certain HTML type: buttons  , headings  , edit fields  , etc. It does not offer immediate capability of navigating or searching XML data unless an extra index is built. None of the classical methods perform as well. The Operator calculates which HTTP requests should have their responses bundled and is called when the Tester matches a request. For example  , 8 shows that cvery polyhedron can be 'wrapped' by folding a strip of paper around it  , which ad­ dresses a question arising in three-dimensional origami  , e.g. Inspired by work on combining multiple  , mainly booleanbased   , query representations 3  , we propose a new approach Thus  , recent research on improving the robustness of expansion methods has focused on either predicting whether a given expansion will be more effective for retrieval than the original query 2  , 7  , or on improving the performance robustness of specific expansion methods 10  , 13. Finding inverted and simple retrograde sequences requires a change in how the self similarity matrix is produced – instead of matching intervals exactly  , we now match intervals with sign inversions. To compute the similarity score we use an approach used in the deep learning model of 38  , which recently established new state-of-the-art results on answer sentence selection task. While our use case has been motivated by statistical data  , a lot of Linked Data sources share this data model structure  , since many of them are derived from relational databases. All of the nondeterministic choices are made using the Verify.random function which is a special method of the program checker JPF that forces JPF to search every possible choice exhaustively i.e. Then  , we can check whether the context-free language obtained by the analyzer is disjoint with this set. For the quality evaluation function  , we use the Pearson Correlation Coefficient ρ as the metric measuring the distance between the human annotated voice quality score and the predicted voice quality. It should be noted that these disadvantages would not be associated with similarity measures which require only the knowledge of the form of search request formulations. We will use these retrieval scores as a feature in learning to rank. Groups of changes of one request are maintained in a linked list using the HAS PREVIOUSCHANGE property. Instead of mapping documents into a low-dimensional space  , documents are mapped into a high dimensional space  , but one that is well suited to the human visual system. Valuable prior research has been conducted in this direction for learning hashing codes and mapping function with techniques such as unsupervised learning and supervised learning. In our baseline system  , we currently support descriptor-based global similarity search in time series  , based on the notion of geometric similarity of respective curves. The context information of a search activation usually includes: 1. Subjects in Group A took extra time to set up their search target before actually beginning the search. In this section we look at the transfer function taking input current to pan and tilt angles. Results of a systematic and large-scale evaluation on our YouTube dataset show promising results  , and demonstrate the viability of our approach. We are still left with the task of finding short coherent chains to serve as vertices of G. These chains can be generated by a general best-first search strategy. The main idea in the rule-based name recognition tool is to first search for full names within the text at hand. following and hill-climbing control laws  , moving between and localizing at distinctive states. LCE is a robust query expansion model that provides a mechanism for modeling term dependencies in query expansion. The purpose of this search procedure is to locate points on the object's surface which are suitable places to position the robot's fingers . Our results have brought to light the positive impact of the first stage of our approach which can be viewed as a voting mechanism over different views. Hence  , which is the Pearson product-moment correlation of Q and d. In other words  , the vector space computation is used because it approximates the correlation computation when the vectors are sparse enough. The tripwise LTD file records are indexes of consolidated stoppages made during trips. Thus  , it is most beneficial for the search engine to place best performing ads first. 2006  , to the characteristics of peer-production systems and information sharing repositories Merkel et al. First  , we employ the PLSA to analyze the topic information of all the questions  , and then model the answerer role and asker role of each user based on questions which he answers or asks. 1Queries containing random strings  , such as telephone numbers — these queries do not yield coherent search results  , and so the latter cannot help classification around 5% of queries were of this kind. The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances. While there might be many high-similarity flexible matches for both the company name e.g. Table 3 gives the mean over the 50 trials of the Pearson correlation between the per-topic estimate and goldstandard values of R  , the number of relevant documents. In the next section  , we will see that estimating the intended path from an incomplete sequence of the subject's motion even after it is started holds technical utility. The experimental results are shown in Table 2The second observation is that the combined methods WNB-G-HC and G-MCMC outperform slightly the original methods WNB-G  , WNB-HC and WNB-MCMC. Although PRMS was originally proposed for XML retrieval  , it was later applied to ERWD 2. In our experiments  , we test the geometric mean heuristicusinga twostageN-best rescoring technique: in the first stage  , the beam search is carried out to identify the top N candidates whose scores are consequently normalized by their word sequence lengths in the second stage. This global view is a map of the search results over geographic space. Similar to the mapping on a basis the mapping on a dictionary takes as input a data space element and outputs a coordinate vector. The concept features can be derived from different pLSA models with different concept granularities and used together. Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 11. Estimating £ ¤ § © in a typical retrieval environment is difficult because we have no training data: we are given a query  , a large collection of documents and no indication of which documents might be relevant. When more than one task is returned from the procedural knowledge base  , we need to determine which task is the best fit for the user's search intent. Most characters match themselves. Pheromone decay is: Since the initial exploration of the search space is usually random set  , the value of the initial phases is not very informative and it is important for the system to slowly forget it. Figure 3shows the quality of the results of our heuristic search vs. the quality of the results of the non-heuristic expanding search 1 a random page is chosen for expansion since hyperlinks are un-weighted compared to the optimal exhaustive search. Connections is composed of two main parts: context building and search. Generating Test Cases Based on the Input. Third  , we develop a clickrate prediction function to leverage the complementary relative strengths of various signals  , by employing a state-of-the-art predictive modeling method  , MART 15  , 16  , 40. This is accomplished by scaling the nondimensional frequency variable i = The controller transfer function is redimensionalized by essentially scaling t ,he zeros and poles of the nondimensional controller. Participants " accepted " any Web site that they identified as a g ood match for their task goals and classroom context. " At high frequency   , the transfer function is equal to the value-of k ,  , the spring constant of the physical spring. 4.4  , we tuned the number of concepts k for query expansion using training data. The mapping of product classes and features is shown in Table 3. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: Section 2 reviews the existing stateof-the-art technology in limp material handling. This basic unit of objective information  , the bit  , was more formally related to thermodynamics by Szilard. In both systems  , color-based and texturebased image similarity search were available by dragging and dropping a thumbnail to use as the key for an image-based search. If Model 3 constitutes a valid schema for this kind of a search situation  , we see that it should be applicable not only to the document retrieval problem but for other kinds of search and retrieval situations as well. As such  , in an SSD-based search engine infrastructure  , the benefit of a cache hit should now attribute to both the saving of the random read and the saving of the subsequent sequential reads for data items that are larger than one block. Extract a set of query words from the question  , and apply semantic expansion to them. We can appreciate the high correlation of the curves  , which corresponds to a Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.864. While most existing studies have concentrated on CLIR between English and one or more European languages  , there is a need to develop methods for CLIR between European and Asian languages . the transfer functions of the PMBLDC motor  , drive  , speed and current controllers respectively. 4shows an example of a search for a particular kind of brooch using Boolean full-text search operators. In case of the paper material the folding edge flips back to its initial position. The regular expression rules are sensitive to text variations and the need for the user to come up with markup rules can limit GoldenGATE's application. Each pattern box provides visual handles for direct manipulation of the pattern. In addition to surface pattern matching  , we also adopt n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. For example  , the pattern language for Java names allows glob-style wildcards  , with " * " matching a letter sequence and "  ? " In Section 5  , we describe our proposed framework which is based on the Clarke Tax mechanism. For token normalization  , stateof-the-art Information Retrieval techniques such as case folding and word segmentation can be applied 18. Perplexity is a monotonically decreasing function of log-likelihood  , implying that lower perplexity is better since the model can explain the data better.