To capture the relevance of item t to the query  , we use some TF/IDF-based features extracted from the top k search results  , D. For example  , snippetDF is the number of snippets in top k search results that contain item t. snippetDF and other frequency-based features are normalized using logf requency + 1. We were surprised to learn that both query expansion approaches resulted in lower MAP values. By contrast to 5  , which uses MCMC to obtain samples from the model posterior  , we utilize L-BFGS 18 to directly maximize the model log-probability. Any remaining cycles in the request graph suggest that a possibly mutually-recursive function is making server requests. The multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 and reduces that of the entropy-based approach by a factor of 5 to 8. The " new " records will be merged with the old logically undeleted ones already bon the optical disc and written together on new tracks; the mapping table will also be updated to reflect the changes. ,i5.00 able resources are available  , we do not consider them further in our current investigation. The learned function f maps each text-image pair to a ranking score based on their semantic relevance. If two words are semantically similar  , the cosine similarity – as per Equation 3 – of their word vectors is higher. For each leaf node  , there is a unique assigned path from the root which is encoded using binary digits. The obvious approach would be to assess the magnitude or amount of change. Log-likelihood LL is widely used to measure model fitness . Finally  , CLIR can be achieved by using the described document placement methods to place documents of different languages in the same map. It is difficult to use the charge amplifier for a longer time than its time constant. The RPS view size and CON view size are fixed to 4 ,9 for 10 clients  , 6 ,15 for 50 clients  , and 7 ,20 for 100 clients. The set of these archives is not pre-defined  , but new archives can be added over the lifetime of the system. The USC of Suffixing to Produce Term Variants for Query Expansion Window 2 3. This can be seen as a form of query expansion  , where the set of instances represent a new set of query terms  , leading to higher recall values. We hasten to point out that our methods are not committed to a specific query expansion approach. Their methods automatically estimate the scaling parameter s  , by selecting the fit that minimizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS D − statistic. Then the LSH-based method will be used to have a quick similarity search. Strictly speaking the objective does not decouple entirely in terms of φ and ψ due to the matrices My and Ms. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. Most previous query expansion approaches focus on text  , mainly using unigram concepts. Particular difficulties exist in languages where there are no clearly defined boundaries between words as is the case with Chinese text. For each query  , we checked whether it might be an expansion of another query. To effectively leverage supervised Web resource and reduce the domain gap between general Web images and personal photos  , we have proposed a transfer deep learning approach to discover the shared representations across the two domains. The constant time function 0 indeed models that the transfer of commodities from the virtual source node to each node in V is instantaneous. The reason for this is a decrease in the score assigned to documents that include the original query terms but do not include the expansion terms. The heuristic for a state x  , y  , ✓ of the robot is then the Dijkstra distance from the cell x  , y to the goal. On the Coupling Map  , areas of relatively high coupling   , or hot spots  , are represented by darker lines and areas of relatively low coupling  , or cool spots  , are represented by lighter lines. For each language pair  , two different kinds of semantic indexing were used. A Fast Fourier Transform FFT based method WiaS employed to compute the robot's C-space. 4 consists of the union of all corresponding sets: The 2-inertia system in F i g 5 can be expressed with an equivalent block diagram in Fig.6: Transfer function description of Fig.5where Figure 5shows a block diagram of a one-link robot arm which consists of a moter  , an arm and an ER damper. This is accomplished with the following recursive function. The simplest approach toward dictionary-based CLIR is to use all the translations of query words provided by the dictionary equally 5  , 6 . Keeping this in mind  , the expansion intended in this research would use Metamap  , UMLS Metathesaurus  , and SNOMED-CT to find relevant documents pertaining to the query/topic. , 10. A mapping from capability space to utility space expresses the user's needs and preferences. Selected English Phrases: therapy  , replacement Final English Query: causation  , cancer  , thorax  , estrogens   , therapy  , replacement Since we have follow up refinement steps in our CLIR approach  , we set M  , the number of concepts identified for each query  , to 15. Besides the well-known Precision and Recall measure  , other metrics are widely used in the IR community. An outcome matrix represents an interaction by expressing the outcomes afforded to each interacting individual with respect each pair of potential behaviors chosen by the individuals. The need of CLIR systems in today's world is obvious. As mentioned earlier  , X k ,j denotes the corresponding user feature vector. The RPI model exemplarily used in this paper further transforms the addend into a sum over all query features and then estimate values for the resulting feature-related addends; compare equation 3. We believe this is a very promising research direction. In this paper  , we investigated the possibility of replacing MT with a probabilistic model for CLIR. One possible reason for this could be the fact that the parameter of DBSCAN is a global parameter and cannot be adjusted per-cluster. The audio signal is conditioned using a noise gating preamplifier with a variable compression amplification feature. Our final set of experiments investigated query expansion  , that is  , augmenting topics with additional query terms. Related research unifies the browsing by tags and visual features for intuitive exploration of image databases5 . Sen is defined as the sensitivity of the extender position  , U  ,   , in response to E ,= 200s + 2100 lbf/rad We choose ' c  , = 0.1 so the bandwidth of H1 becomes the same as of E , Parameters fand k are selected so as to yield an inner loop with the same dynamics as transfer function G ,s. Instead  , it is defined by applying compatibility rules to the in-and output to expand the compatibility matching range. The majority of the approaches proposed so far for estimating the relevance of a given ad to a given content  , and thus indirectly CTR  , are based on the co-occurrence of words or phrases within ads and pages 13  , 16  , 20 or on a combination of semantic and syntactic factors 4. By using the imported surface model  , the personal fitting function is thought to be realized. Ail and A12 are the membership function in the antecedent part  , B  , is the membership function in the consequent part. In the following discussion  , we design an observer for 2 which is x-axis element of n o m 8  , the transfer function from Xd to z can be The error involved in such an assignment will increase as the difference in effective table sizes between the new query and the leader increases. Sheridan et al. , 22  , but most of the approaches developed so far abide by the paradigm of supervised machine learning. The transfer function of the control system developed from the Eitelberg's method shown in Fig. In order to scale the system up  , we propose several dimensionality reduction techniques to reduce the number of features in the user view. If the forest has T trees  , then 1 is to assure that each word w  , regardless of its actual language  , obtains word collocates from both vocabularies. In our application of DBSCAN  , all the terms in documents were tokenized  , stemmed using Porter stemmer  , and stopwords were removed. This means users have small variance on these queries  , and the search engine has done well for these queries  , while on the queries with click entropy≥2.5  , the result is disparate: both P-Click and G-Click methods make exciting performance. , document language. Our theory distinguishes between an object state space S and an information content space C. The object state space consists of all the possible states that objects representing information might assume  , and the information space contains the information content representable in the object state space. The key is to define output variables so that the transfer function is passive. The 11-point P-R curves are drawn in Figure 3. Alternatively  , for request-oriented indexing  , where a document's retrievability is more important than the consistency of its representation  , the weights could be derived from searchers' relevance judgements. Since the numerators and denolminators have non odd powers of s  , the poles and zeros will be symmetric about the imaginary axis. The bottom part displays page content  , with search terms highlighted; a text box lets users jump directly to specific pages  , and prev/next buttons let users scroll through the book a page at a time. Second  , English query expansion adds more than Chinese; apparently the benefit of a far larger corpus outweighs translation ambiguity. It is a generai unsupervised tool for ordering highdimensionai statistical data in such a way that alike input items are mapped close to each other. This approach captures the novelty and diversity of a list of recommended tags implicitly  , by introducing metrics that assess the semantic distance between different tags diversity and the inverse of the popularity of the tag in the application novelty. The mapping is defined as follows: Using the mappings from Section 4.3  , we can now follow the approach of 4 and define a recursive mapping function T which takes a DL axiom of the form C D  , where C is an L b -class and D is an L h -class  , and maps it into an LP rule of the form A ← B. That  , is  , the peaks of t ,liis transfer function are easily identified and the variation of tlie frequency where these peaks occur admits a direct functional relat.ionship with the payload carried IJY tlie robot. Two retrieval runs were submitted: one consisting of the title and description sections only T+D and the other consisting of all three title  , description  , and narrative sections T+D+N. It should be noted that the +10% improvement arising from use of the TR derived expansion terms is in addition to the +30% relative to the baseline when using the SDR derived expansion terms. For example   , a classical content-based recommendation engine takes the text from the descriptions of all the items that user has browsed or bought and learns a model usually a binary target function: "recommend or "not recommend". The search engine can be activated in different modes applying three different search types  , namely  , Automatic Query Expansion auto  , Interactive Query Expansion semi  , and a regular search without query expansion none. Recently  , ranking based objective function has shown to be more effective in giving better recommendation as shown in 11. Termination plays a key role in ACL2  , as every defined function using the definitional principle must be shown to terminate before ACL2 will admit it. 2 describe a system for timbre classification to identify 12 instruments in both clean and degraded conditions. Therefore  , we cannot use a standard MCMC recipe. Search Engine with automatic query expansion auto. To explore the practicality of this approach  , we have implemented it and conducted an experimental study. 27 discussed the interleaving of ASR with IR systems and suggested to combine acoustic and semantic models to enhance performance. Recently  , the PRF principle has also been implemented within the language modeling framework. On the other hand  , however  , no-one will contest that a small! Short titles may mislead the results  , specially generic titles such as Genetic Programming  , then we add the publication venue title to this type of query. We first explored the viability of no-translation CLIR on a broader range of disparate language pairs than has been heretofore reported. are in fact simple examples demonstrating the use of the system-under-test. Fourth  , a general framework for concurrent control borrowing from priority-based null-space control of redundant manipulators is described. For the RPI model  , which has been proposed in this paper  , it baa been shown that this model is suited to different kinds of probabilistic indexing. The initial natural language topic statement is submitted to a standard retrieval engine via a Query Expansion Tool QET interface. Based on several experiments  , the best estimates for the author's hand sensitivity is presented by equation 7. Use of the alignments for CLIR gives excellent results  , proving their value for realworld applications. As we know  , most calligraphic characters in CCD were written in ancient times  , most common people can't recognize them without the help of experts  , so we invited experts to help us build CCD. The adjusted R-square  , on the other hand  , penalises R-square for the addition of regressors  , which do not contribute to the explanatory power of the model. The concept of trust towards a robot  , however  , even when simplified in an economic game seems to be much more complex. , RSH and LWH  , we randomly sample 300 query samples from the 1000 labeled samples to compute the true ranking list. The reader is referred to the technical report by Oard and Dorr for an excellent review of the CLIR literature 18. Thus  , the proximity search looks for " movie " objects that are somehow associated to " Travolta " and/or " Cage " objects. Therefore query expansion could be applied to symbols as it was done for keywords. Next we model the O2 concentration signal based on all inputs  , but WIA2 fuel mass and SIC2 feeding screw rpm measurements were replaced by the estimated mass flow signal see Fig. One method of removing robots is to identify them with outliers and remove outliers. Unless specified otherwise  , for illustration purposes  , in each of the experiments  , the actual query load is a batch of b = 20 queries web session identification. The only method we tested that did not use query-expansion UNCTP performed significantly worse than the others. The designed method is purely empirical. Although a few database visualization tools can support certain data exploration  , they are tailored to particular domains e.g. We found that we are able to predict correctly implicit state information based on geospatial named entities using a Random Forest RF classifier with precision of 0.989  , recall 0.798  , and F1 of 0.883  , for Pennsylvania. , by translating the full text. Here  , for easier comparison  , we use the same number of probes T = 100 for both multi-probe LSH and entropy-based LSH. We create CNNs in the Theano framework 29 using stochastic gradient descent with momentum with one convolutional layer  , followed by a max-pooling layer and three fully connected layers. This representation is used as knowledge representation and is considered to suit as knowledge re~resentation~l. In this experiment  , we will only keep the good expansion terms for each query. Semantic teleporting does not deliver the document which contains the wanted phone number but the phone number itself. The right view of Figure 5 shows the result of a random mapping of host names. The selected edges represent discontinuities in color and lie inside of a planar surface to avoid errors caused by edges at the boundary between two surfaces. Another strength of our approach is that it is a relatively simple and efficient way of incorporating time into statistical relational models. Our focus on constant prints allows us to perform exhaustive search for repairs  , ensuring both completeness and minimality. The query expansion mechanism refines the DFR term weighting models by a uniform combination of evidence from the three fields. Function transq returns a query q such that it is appropriate to transfer edits for query q to query q. This retrieval is done efficiently by first identifying the closest cluster and then comparing v only to the small subset of descriptors in the cluster. Interdependence theory  , a type of social exchange theory  , is a psychological theory developed as a means for understanding and analyzing interpersonal situations and interaction 4. To further mitigate the negative effect of mistranslated query terms  , many researchers have employed query expansion techniques. In dictionary-based CLIR queries are translated into the language of documents through electronic dictionaries. , the semantic distribution and visual appearance gaps between the two domains pose grand challenges to personal photo tagging. Similar in spirit  , PSI first chooses a low dimensional feature representation space for query and image  , and then a polynomial model is discriminatively learned for mapping the query-image pair to a relevance score. The recency-based query-expansion approach described in Section 3.2 scores candidate expansion terms based on their degree of co-occurrence with the original query-terms in recent tweets. The necessary probability values for sim Resnik and sim Lin have been calculated based on SAWSDL-TC  , i.e. , slightly lower fitness value. Customization support is done at the level of individual learning concepts and progressions  , not just at the level of broad course topics. Therefore  , transformation methods must be considered which are more efficient than the mapping techniques In the generation of the data point  ,. LSH is a promising method for approximate K-NN search in high dimensional spaces. We modelled a servo motor and driver sub-system including load as a transfer function Gm  , hence we can express limited performance of load-motor-driver units. The first was query expansion – where additional terms were added to the query itself. To implement this scheme we can use F F T to analyze the spectrum of both input and output during the transient period  , and calculate the transfer function N . The results are beyond our expectations: the learned lexical mapping did not help for all the three ranking methods CS  , QL and KL. Information about the author  , title and attribution and preferences  , policies or opinions regarding manipulation of the content by third parties 28  , and transformation rules thereof  , could also be included as semantic hints. The mutual exclusion relation is simply the diagonal set of Σ 0 × Σ 0   , meaning that different events in Σ 0 could fire simultaneously. In Section 4 we introduce DBSCAN with constraints and extend it to run in online fashion. In a related work 3  , a deep learning based semantic embedding method is proposed. The presented results are preliminary. We would extract those facts as a whole  , noting that they might appear more than once in the abstract  , and then take both fact and term frequency into consideration when ranking the abstracts for relevance. In the results  , unless otherwise specified  , the default values are W = 0.7  , M = 16 for the image dataset and W = 24.0  , M = 11 for the audio dataset. In our TREC participation  , we used an ensemble approach in query expansion. For instance  , it is straightforward to show that as the number of trees increases asymptotically  , MLRF's predictions will converge to the expected value of the ensemble generated by randomly choosing all parameters and that the generalization error of MLRF is bounded above by a function of the correlation between trees and the average strength of the trees. In the following  , we investigate three different  , theoretically motivated methods for predicting retrieval quality i.e. Each neuron computes the Euclidean distance between the input vector x and the stored weight vector Wii. This task is accomplished by mean of three submodules: Query Expansion  , Inverted Index and Ranking Model. In our system  , we use a standard Jaccard-based hashing method to find similar news articles. A retrieved document can be either relevant or irrelevant wrt. In such a case  , thanks to using date windows  , the alignments could be extended without the need to discard old pairs. In English-Chinese CLIR  , pre-translation query expansion means using a separate English collection for pretranslation retrieval in order to expand the English query with highly associated English terms. To ease the design and evolution of integrated systems  , mapping of the mediator approach into the design space of AspectJ 1 was attempted. We also introduced several probabilistic retrieval methods for the task. At query time  , the CLIR system may perform the construction of three types of queries  , starting from the ones formulated by users  , based on the system configuration: 1. The basic idea is to utilize the recursive function call mechanism of the C language. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query generated from a document 9. In this paper  , we propose a novel retrieval framework for modeling term dependencies based on the probabilistic calculus offered by QT. For example  , Smeaton and Callan 29 describe the characteristics of personalization  , recommendation  , and social aspects in next generation digital libraries  , while 1  , 26 describe an implementation of personalized recommender services in the CYCLADES digital library environment. We represent these more compactly by mapping regions from the original space to descriptor nodes that record the object count for these regions. The main goal of query expansion is to optimize a query. It did not show any improvement over the baseline  , and further it was significantly worse than the manual query expansion UMassBlog3. In the paper of Wang and Vidyasagar 5  , it is shown that an alternate transfer function can be chosen which has the property that  , if a given beam is sufficiently rigid or if the hub inertia is sufficiently small  , the transfer function is passive. Specifically  , a Random Forest model is used in the provided Aqqu implementation. Formally  , we denote the goodness function based on MDLP as GF MDLP . However  , by construction  , these configurations are contained in the same connected component and can be joined by a transfer path. By embedding background knowledge constructed from Wikipedia  , we generate an enriched representation of documents  , which is capable of keeping multi-word concepts unbroken  , capturing the semantic closeness of synonyms  , and performing word sense disambiguation for polysemous terms. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 provides a brief description on the related work. A challenge in multi-database mining is a semantic heterogeneity among multiple databases because usually no explicit foreign key/link relationships exists among them. In particular  , we will be able to find out what queries have been used to retrieve what documents  , and from that  , to extract strong relationships between query terms and document terms and to use them in query expansion. Table 3lists the percentages for query types for CSIs. Finally  , we allow users to optionally specify some keywords that capture relevance and results which contain semantic matches are ranked highest. In the ARCOMEM project 22 first approaches have been investigated to implement a social and semantic driven selection model for Web and Social Web content. Powerful methods have been developed for all three approaches and all have their respective strengths and shortcomings. The basic idea is that there is uncertainty in the prediction of the ranking lists of images based on current visual distances of retrieved images to the query image. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR deals with the problem of finding documents written in a language different from the one used for query formulation. Baseline refers to a querylikelihood QL run using the Indri search engine 24  , while PRF refers to automatic query expansion using PRF 2 . "  AQR can additionally " punish " relevant documents that do not include the terms selected for expansion. Methods for translation have focused on three areas: dictionary translariun  , parallel or comparable corpora for generating a translation model  , and the employment of mnchine franslution MT techniques. This result motivates a CS experiment where we check the correlation between TCT and performance  , completing our argument for detecting careless workers by their TCT under competition conditions. At the minimum  , we hope that the OAI will create a framework for serious investigation of these issues and lay the 13 http://cinzica.iei.pi.cnr.it/cyclades/  , 14 http://www.clir.org/diglib/architectures/testbed.htm. Simply put  , RaPiD7 is a method in which the document in hand is authored in a team in consecutive workshops. In order to discuss and motivate the inverse kinematic function approach  , we must first describe the forward kinematics of a manipulator. We believe that our results can guide implementors of search engines  , making it clear what scoring functions may make it hard for a client meta-broker to merge information properly  , and making it clear how much the meta-broker needs to know about the scoring function. Figure 4shows an example. The basic method uses a family of locality-sensitive hash functions to hash nearby objects in the high-dimensional space into the same bucket. How to efficiently translate unknown terms in short queries has  , therefore  , become a major challenge for real CLIR systems 4 ,7. Even for Spanish- Chinese CLIR  , we used the English projection to place documents of both languages in the reduced space where the actual CLIR-task is performed. Neural word embedding methods12  , 13  , 14 represent each word by a real-valued dense word vector. For information retrieval  , query prefetching typically assumes a probabilistic model  , e.g. Note that all the documents in a typical CLIR setup are assumed to be written in the corresponding native scripts. We find that a slope of 0.25 is 22% better than the values published at 0.75. 2014 assume that the images belong to the same sentiment share the same low-level visual features is often not true  , because positive and negative images may have similar low-level visual features  , e.g. We employed the query translation approach to CLIR by translating the English queries and retrieve in monolingual Chinese. The query expansion module employs a wide range of query expansion methods that can not only enrich the query with useful term additions but also identify important query terms. Hz / 2 ! We use oddnumbered topics 800–850 from the Terabyte track for training . The scores in Table 9show that our reduced feature set performs better than the baselines on both performance measures. A region query returns all objects intersecting a specified query region. Using our fully decoupled tracker and mapper design and fast image space tracking  , we are able to compute the pose estimates on the MAV in constant time at 4.39 ms while building the growing global map on the ground station. Our model construction approach was similar to the so-called growth modelling 6  , in which first null models without predictors are fitted and then both random and fixed factors are progressively introduced to the model. 2 11 queries with monolingual Avg. P lower than CLIR. We start with a brief introduction to the 4-bar legs in Section 2 followed by a modeling discussion in Section 3 that introduces a polynomial representation of the empirical funct ,ion relating strain nieasurement to leg configuration . We assume that the rules may include recursive predicates referencing unary  , finite and inversible function symbols. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR refers to retrieval when the query and the database are in different languages. A technique for translating queries indirectly using parallel corpora has been proposed by Sheridan & Ballerini 19  , 20. We model the mixedscript features jointly in a deep-learning architecture in such a way that they can be compared in a low-dimensional abstract space. All query terms are expanded by their lexical affinities as extracted from the expanding Web page 3. Internally we use this information to compute a query expansion and translate it into a SPARQL 17 query. An individual represents a tentative solution for the target problem. Ranking functions usually could not work consistently well under all situations. First  , was the existing state of the art  , Flat-COTE  , significantly better than current deep learning approaches for TSC ? Intuitively this means that some classification information is lost after C  , is eliminated. Most data visualizations  , or other uses of audio data begin by calculating a discrete Fourier transform by means of a Fast Fourier Transform. This means that blog posts are modeled using a single QLM. Although content-based systems also use the words in the descriptions of the items  , they traditionally use those words to learn one scoring function. The methods were presented for the case of undirected unweighed graphs  , but they can be generalized to support weighted and directed graphs by replacing BFS with Dijkstra traversal and storing two separate trees for each landmark – one for incoming paths and another for outgoing ones. The constraints associated with these exposures and the user-provided mapping are passed through a constraint specializer  , which re-casts the constraints in terms of the types in our pattern catalog. We evaluate the three proposed query translation models on CLIR experiments on TREC Chinese collections. in 21. On Restaurants  , for example  , the random forest-based system had run-times ranging from 2–5 s for the entire classification step depending on the iteration. Cylin-der extensions are determined from the joint angles using a polynomial mapping  Having this in mind  , we propose a genetic programmingbased approach to handle this problem. The dropout layer  , Dropout8  , has a dropout probability of 0.5. We categorize links suggested by our system into four categories: C1  , correct links; C2  , missing interlayer concept; C3  , one-step errors  , suggest two sibling concepts or reverse the relation; C4  , incorrect relation. Later  , approaches combining active learning and genetic programming for LD were developed 10 ,21. For example  , //title is mapped intermediately to descendant-or-self$roots/title. It is also important to make sure that people participate the workshops only as long as their input is needed  , in order to minimize the idle time of participants. Many questions need to be answered. For each document identifier passed to the Snippet Engine   , the engine must generate text  , preferably containing query terms  , that attempts to summarize that document. The latter results in the visualization of the SSG. We chose PIR models because we could extend them to model data dependencies and correlations the critical ingredients of our approach in a more principled manner than if we had worked with alternate IR ranking models such as the Vector-Space model. RUN1: To provide a baseline for our CLIR results  , we used BableFish to " manually " translate each Chinese query. First  , it is well suited to our domain  , in that it proposes a simple voting scheme  , where users express their opinions about a common good i.e. However  , we have observed that some function classes in XQuery would be inlined more systematically under the guidance of type information. The characteristics of such domains form a good match with our method: i links between documents suggest relational representation and ask for techniques being able to navigate such structures; " flat " file domain representation is inadequate in such domains; ii the noise in available data sources suggests statistical rather than deterministic approaches  , and iii often extreme sparsity in such domains requires a focused feature generation and their careful selection with a discriminative model  , which allows modeling of complex  , possibly deep  , but local regularities rather than attempting to build a full probabilistic model of the entire domain. From the physical parameters as shown in Table 1When we design the stabilizing compensator based on Eq. Probabilistic Retrieval Model for Semistructured Data PRMS 14  is a unigram bag-ofwords model for ad-hoc structured document retrieval that learns a simple statistical relationship between the intended mapping of terms in free-text queries and their frequency in different document fields. The second approach is to launch G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in some document  , e.g. In a recent paper a virtual angle of rotation is suggested as an alternative output 6  and it is shown that the zerodynamics of the system arising from this output is stable. We explored development of a distributed multidimensional indexing model to enable efficient search and aggregation of entities and terms at multiple levels of document context and distributed across a cloud computing cluster. Using WE word representation models  , scholars have improved the performance of classification 6  , machine translation 16  , and other tasks. The servo control was implemented by integrating a high speed low resolution vision system with the cell controller  , and it was applied simultaneously with a tension servo control. to transform one string to the other. , snippets of text denoting entities  , events and relations. The uncertain plant is described as the second-order transfer function This is a somewhat contrived example as it has been built to stress issues due to real parametric uncertainties. By averaging over the response of each tree in the forest  , the input fea ture vector is classified as either stable or not. The latter corresponds to placing a state-dependent conditions akin to Dijkstra guards on the servicing of PI operation 12 HRT-UML draws from the Ravenscar Profile the restrictions on the use of these invocation constraints. Fig.7Block diagram of direct transfer function identifier. Our random forest is composed of binary trees and a weight associated with each tree. This approach then avoids the problem of h a v i n g a transfer function zero near the u n i t c i r c l e . Several other strategies for input generation have been proposed symbolic execution combined with constraint solving 30  , 18  , direct setting of object fields 5  , genetic programming 29  , etc. Its main function is to transfer users demands to the concerned pool and the informations possibly returned to users from the pool. In the line of thought of this paper  , we would like to determine a discrete subset of configurations  , and a basic action which defines a transfer function for the subset of configurations. The heating effect  , called the heat content is defined as: 1 who propose a hierarchical version of DBSCAN called OPTICS. In this paper we: i present a general probabilistic model for incorporating information about key concepts into the base query  , ii develop a supervised machine learning technique for key concept identification and weighting  , and iii empirically demonstrate that our technique can significantly improve retrieval effectiveness for verbose queries. Collective inference models have recently been shown to produce more accurate predictions than disjoint inference models 7  , 11. This ensures that each reference trajectory will affect only the corresponding joint angle and that robust steady-state tracking occurs for a class of reference trajectories and torque disturbances  , as will be discussed later. tl  , t k are still distingusable. This is approached by embedding both the image and the novel labels into a common semantic space such that their relevance can be estimated in terms of the distance between the corresponding vectors in the space. For example  , the result images of " fruit " and " fly " queries can be clustered by visual objects e.g. Accordingly   , in future work  , we intend to introduce additional types of concepts into the parameterized query expansion framework   , including multiple-term expansion concepts  , named entities  , and non-adjacent query term pairs. Query expansion occasionally hurts a query by adding bad terms. However  , agile modeling does not provide a cookbook type of approach for authoring documents  , as RaPiD7 does. Given a hierarchical view that already is defined  , the user simply inserts a new function and provides a defining expression by using func- tions of PREV. We use a Random Forest that predicts stable grasps at similar accuracy as a Convolutional Neural Net CNN and has the additional ability to cluster locally similar data in a supervised manner. The query expansion method which uses implicit expansion concept is referred to as IEC. We induced a bilingual lexicon from the translated corpus by treating the translated corpus as a pseudo-parallel corpus. The transfer function matrix H is doubly-astic. Thus  , increasing n increases the importance of achieving good transfer efficiency. The transfer functions were identified using the MATLAB The simulator runs at 5Hz and writes the system output variables to the logger using its RTC interface. The locations of matching areas following a query are represented on the video timeline  , with button access to quickly jump forward and back through match areas. It refers to selectively applying automatic query expansion AQE whenever predicted performance is above a certain threshold . Link clause expressions are boolean combinations of link clauses  , where each link clause is semantically a boolean condition on two columns and is specified using either a a native method; b a user-defined function UDF; or c a previously defined linkspec. SMT-based CLIR-methods clearly outperform all others. The transfer function for the simplified continuous time system is represented as The walker lays a softmax-like smoothing over the in-degrees of all target nodes e deg − s/10 ; it then chooses the next node according to given probability leading to a small stochastic effect. Many models for ranking functions have been proposed previously  , including vector space model 43   , probabilistic model 41 and language model 35 . Thus  , if the cost function for uniform deposition variation in film thickness or The parameter K acts as a weight for indicating the relative importance of total film accumulation in the cost function. Post-hoc CLIR results are reported on all 75 topics from TREC 2001 and TREC 2002. In this version of CS AKTive Space we have not included this ontology mapping capability since we have been responsible for engineering the mapping of the heterogeneous information content. – Textual baseline: we indexed the raw text by adopting the standard Lucene library customized with the scoring formula described in Sect. Automatic dictionarytranslationsareattractivebecause they are cost effective and easy to perform  , resources are ily available  , and performance is similar to that of other CLIR methods. The striking agreement between the fit model and the mean of each collection is achieved at the corresponding edge density by fitting only . However  , the relatively poor performance of the translation component of our test CLIR system was not a major concern to us  , as it remained a constant throughout our experiments. Similar to squeezing with a parallel jaw gripper  , the first step in analyzing this basic action could be to consider the degenerate case in which both fingers of the gripper touch the part simultaneously   , and there is no pull phase. He proposed to extract temporal expressions from news  , index news articles together with temporal expressions   , and retrieve future information composed of text and future dates by using a probabilistic model. We provided empirical evalution on two real-world relational datasets  , but the models we propose can be used for classification tasks in any relational domain due to their simplicity and generality. Random data sample selection is crucial for stochastic gradient descent based optimization. We employ a random forest classifier as the discriminative model and use its natural ability to cluster similar data points at the leaf nodes for the retrieval task. Interestingly  , this assumption yielded good results in the English-F'rench CLIR runs. , clicked content redundancy and click distance  , are completely discarded. Simple Semantic Association queries between two entities result in hundreds of results and understanding the relevance of these associations requires comparable intellectual effort to understanding the relevance of a document in response to keyword queries. For this reason   , the model LFSs are placed in the LFS list of the model database in descending order of the area of the surface to which they correspond. Here  , we first give the formal formulation of the author name disambiguation problem and then define the set of attributes  , called the similarity profile  , that will be used by random forest for disambiguation. In semantic class extraction  , Zhang et al. After fitting this model  , we use the parameters associated with each article to estimate it's quality. The main result is that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropybased LSH methods to achieve various search quality levels and it is more time efficient than the entropy-based LSH method. Recent academic work within the field of simultaneous control thus has emphasized alternative mapping paradigms. On English-Chinese CLIR  , our focus was put on finding effective ways for query translation. In our work  , we go beyond text-only features  , using visual features extracted from the ad creative image. The bandwidth of transparency can be characterized by the frequency at which the transparency transfer function departs significantly from 0 dB magnitude and 0" phase. We also plan to apply this method to general C-space mapping for convex polyhedra. No statistically significant improvements over the baseline were observed for the fine fax resolution or the standard fax resolution not shown. On the other hand  , we are a priori not interested in an entire flow of execution and such tricky issues as mutual exclusion or repetition. It is evident that natural language texts are highly noisy and redundant as training data for statistical classification  , and that applying a complete mathematical model to such noisy and redundant data often results in over-fitting and wasteful computation in LLSF. The game theory based research lays the foundation for online reputation systems research and provides interesting insights into the complex behavioral dynamics. The weights tried were: w = 1 no upweighting  , w = 5  , and w = 6. We induce m language models  , one per hashtag. First  , introduce a recursive function definition for exponentiation: function EXP X  , Y: INT = pre INT'GE Y  , 0 measure ORDINAL'VAL Y begin if Y = 0 then 1 else TIMES X  , EXP X  , HIBUS Y  , I end if end EXP; The model builds a simple statistical language model for each document in the collection. This means we can only include targets for which our methods find at least K source candidates which naturally shrinks the set of test targets. The configuration space approach  , for example  , is computationally very expensive. LCE is a robust query expansion model that provides a mechanism for modeling term dependencies in query expansion. Moreover  , our own results have demonstrated that outcome matrices degrade gracefully with increased error 18. Figure 1illustrates the general framework for relation based query expansion. As an example  , stochastic uncertainty in sensing and control can be introduced 7  , 111. This information is augmented with that derived from the set of answer terms  , thus by mapping a query question to the space of question-answers it is possible to calculate its similarity using words that do not exist in the question vocabulary and therefore are not represented in the topic distribution T Q . We then consider the noncooperative game theoretic method  , in which each link update its persistent probability using its own local information. At the same time it is not possible to tune the word embeddings on the training set  , as it will overfit due to the small number of the query-tweet pairs available for training. In this representation  , the relevance of a tweet to a given query is represented via each topically formed cluster. The Bode plots obtained experimentally to model the link dynamics are displayed in Fig. The CLIR experiments reported in this section were performed using the TREC 2002 CLIR track collection  , which contains 383 ,872 articles from the Agence France Press AFP Arabic newswire  , 50 topic descriptions written in English  , and associated relevance judgments 12. The reason for fitting the less restrictive " sliding-window " model is to test whether the " full " model captures the full extent of temporal change in weights. In addition  , superposition events come with a flexible way in quantifying how much evidence the observation of dependency κ brings to its component terms. Relevant review sentences for new or unpopular products can be very useful for consumers who seek for relevant opinions   , but no previous work has addressed this novel problem . The SOM is designed to create a two-dimensional representation of cells topologically arranged according to the inherent metric ordering relations between the samples in the feature space. In this way we represent each comment by a dense low-dimensional vector which is trained to predict words in the comment and overcomes the weaknesses of word embeddings solely. These feature vectors are used as input to train a standard self-organizing map. Prioritization For All Queries means that documents containing phrases enclosed in phrase or mandatory operators in the original query or expanded queries are prioritized. Section 4 defines CyCLaDEs model. Now we have beginning to work on the identification of the servo-valve block-diagram like a fust or a second order transfer function  A V to AP   , and on the identification of the servo-valve and mechanic-system block-diagram like a third order transfer function  A V t o A d  . Specific terms contain more semantic meanings and distinguish a topic from others. Among the common methods to achieve this is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 1. Semantic hashing has been proposed for the problem to map data examples like documents in a high-dimensional space e.g. As a branch of applied mathematics  , game theory thus focuses on the formal consideration of strategic interactions  , such as the existence of equilibriums and economic applications 6. The block diagram and associated documents would contain various "summary" design specifications such as transfer functions  , switching functions   , state tables  , apportioned sybsystem reliability goals  , etc. The transfer function relates the joint position in radians to the command signal in counts with a 12-bit D/A board. Their methodology is based on mapping the underlying domain ontologies into views  , which facilitates view-based search. NCV combined with paired t-tests produces more acceptable levels of Type I error while still providing reasonable levels of statistical power. Because WIKI. LINK focuses only anchor phrases  , this query expansion technique considers many fewer  , but potentially higher quality  , expansion terms and phrases than other query expansion methods. The use of these two weights is equivalent to the tf.idf model SALT83b ,CROF84 which is regarded as one of the best statistical search strategies. multi Searcher deals with several CLIR issues. Table 1shows the most important explicit query concepts i.e. To validate our modeling efforts  , the magnitude of the transfer function from the torque wheel voltage input to the accelerometer voltage output   , with the hub PD loop active  , is shown in Fig. C while the case of uncertain-membership will be labeled by L = {−1  , +1}. The thesaurus-based query expansion applies a thesaurus to map controlled vocabularies to user query terms. In game theory  , Nash equilibrium is a solution concept to characterize a class of equilibrium strategies a game with multiple players will likely reach 23. However  , in the case of RDF and SPARQL  , view expansion is not possible since expansion requires query nesting   , a feature not currently supported by SPARQL. The second is LTR's Random Forest LTR-RF. Communication fitness for controller of Figure  93503 However  , most query expansion methods only introduce new terms and cannot be directly applied to relation matching. Note  , however  , that  , in contrast to group commit  , our method does not impose any delays on transaction commits other than the log I/O Itself. Under the Clarke-Tax  , users are required to indicate their privacy preference  , along with their perceived importance of the expressed preference. We ran our Chinese-English experiments after the English- French experiments with the goal of confirming our results using a different language pair  , so we made a few changes to reduce computational costs. Let C  0  denote the transfer function of a nondimensional controller   , such that   , Since this is an initial investigation into scaling laws for controllers   , the theory developed here is only applicable t o frequency domain controllers. The CYCLADES system users do not know anything about the provenance of the underlying content. However  , measuring learning is very difficult to do reliably in practice. We use LSH for offline K-NNG construction by building an LSH index with multiple hash tables and then running a K-NN query for each object. Automatic learning of expressive TBox axioms is a complex task. , di ,N } are documents in language li  , i.e. We assumed that the transfer functions were of first order and used classical geometry-based approach for identifying transfer function parameters. These solutions  , and others  , such as considering CLIR as spell- correction 2  , will all work reasonably well if the two languages in question are linguistically historically related and possess many cognates. Traditional probabilistic relevance frameworks for informational retrieval 30  refrain from taking positional information into account  , both because of the hurdles of developing a sound model while avoiding an explosion in the number of parameters and because positional information has been shown somehow surprisingly to have little effect on aver- age 34 . When the search is " stuck "   , DMHA* randomly samples a state in the vicinity of the local minimum such that the sampled state has a smaller baseline heuristic than the local minimum state. Spector and Flashner 9 analysed the zeros of a pinned-free beam transfer function for both collocated and noncollocated systems. This way we can assume that the whole robot structure has the equivalent transfer function 9 for every given position an for each motor at a time. It means that those nearby data points  , or points belong to the same cluster or manifold   , are very likely to share the same semantic label. Although they also used genetic programming  , their evaluation was limited to small programs such as bubble sorting and triangle classification  , while our evaluation includes real bugs in open source software. The complete optimization objective used by this model is given in Table 1 . In 19  , for example  , an IR-like technique is used to find statistical association between words in two languages. Two types of strategies have been proposed to handle recusive queries. Genetic Programming searches for an " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. Taking a more detailed look at the effect of certain thesaurus relationships on the effectiveness of query expansion  , Greenberg determined that synonyms and narrower terms are well suited for automatic query expansion  , because they " increased relative recall with a decline in precision that was not statistically significant " 6 . Technical terms and proper names constitute a major problem in dictionary-based CLIR  , since usually just the most commonly used technical terms and names are found in translation dictionaries. According to the precedent theory the matrix inp&-output relation is given by y = Hu  , where H is the transfer function matrix. A word embedding is a dense  , low-dimensional  , and realvalued vector associated with every word in a vocabulary such that they capture useful syntactic and semantic properties of the contexts that the word appears in. The developed ER damper is attached to the arm joint. We order the 1.2k labeled examples by time from the oldest to the most recent. To avoid over-fitting  , we constrain the gis by imposing an L2 penalty term. navigation-aided retrieval constitutes a strict generalization of the conventional probabilistic IR model. An array representation of the spaces is constructed  , which ultimately limits the current approach to observers  , that have only a few degrees of freedom. when a nested tuple is mapped to a flat one and the translation takes the leaf attributes of the nested input tuple and glues them together to form a flat tuple3; and global rules where the translation function handles the whole subtree rooted at the vertex i.e. Table 2shows the effect of β-value on the performance of query expansion. Here  , we approach these questions from a practical standpoint. In this work nodes and edges of the page graph are assigned weights using both query-dependent and independent factors see 5. The imitation game balances the perceived challenges with the perceived skills of the child and proves to be challenging for the children. A bounded sensor observation  , instead of lending statistical weight to some parameter vector  , constrains the parameters to a set. Therefore  , we have conducted some additional experiments in which we have selectively disabled certain parts of the query expansion subsystem. The model is specified by a set of parameters  , including the estimate of the susceptible population  , and the transition probabilities between different states. Each topic has three versions  , Arabic  , English and French. Of these techniques  , GenProg and Par  , the two awardwinning patch generation techniques  , presented the very promising results. the original query. The LIME report for 32 cores  , summarized in Figure 8  , says the control flow edge from line 116 in grav. C to line 112 accounts for the imbalance . Therefore  , the unvisited POIs also contribute to learning the model  , while they are ignored in conventional MF. This is because wild stores rarely touch dirty  , committed pages written by previous transactions. 8 and Xr=Tr/K  , the transfer function from Tr to Qa is given by Qs/Qi Wn2/S2+2rWnStWn2  A new technique called Parallel Collection Frequency Weighting PCFW is also presented along with an implementation of document expansion using the parallel corpus within the framework of the Probabilistic Model. Word vectors may also be useful for identifying terms that should be the focus of query expansion or terms that would be good expansion terms. ScholarLynk searches Bing  , Google Scholar  , DRIVER  , and CiteULike in parallel  , showing the results grouped by the search providers in a browser window. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 8. Unbiased query expansion improves " aspect recall " by bringing in more " rare " relevant documents  , that are not identified by the standard query-biased expansion methods that we consider. The success with which web pages attract in-links from others in a given period becomes an indicator of the page authority in the future. Consider the case in which a recursive member function accesses the same data as a new attribute. Furthermore  , with a rigid manipulator   , the sensor and actuator are collocated. As a second strategy of query expansion  , we exploited the hierarchical relationship among concepts. The resulting top concepts were converted to terms as in query expansion with UMLS Metathesaurus. In both ICTWDSERUN3 and ICTWDSERUN4  , we use google search results as query expansion. , German are projected into the target language English by the CLIR approach explained in Section 3. RQ3: Do the word embedding training heuristics improve the ranking performance  , when added to the vanilla Skip-gram model ? Trajectory tracking immediately follows from the properties of Fs23: A function's effects depend on the effects of its callees as well its overriding functions   , potentially causing a function to be analyzed several times. However  , since participation is symmetric in δ ctxt   , we use its absolute value. In this paper  , both ideas are investigated. This solution is one of five Pareto-optimal solutions in the design space for our customer-order object model. By taking the underlying structure into account  , manifold ranking assigns each data point a relative ranking score  , instead of an absolute pairwise similarity as traditional ways. In this paper we examined the potential effectiveness of interactive query expansion. 3 Using the original topics vs. the topic frames. Each of the three bits per word performs a specific function. It shows that for most recall values  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the basic LSH method by an order of magnitude. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , overtraining is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. An overview of the technical issues involved in supporting CLIR within the European Library with a specific focus on user query translation can be found in Agosti1. This approach assumes a competitive game that ensures safety by computing the worst case strategies for the pursuer and evader. In this paper  , we simultaneously address grasp prediction and retrieval of latent global object properties. Thus  , a query and a document  , represented as vectors in the lower-dimensional semantic space  , can still have a high similarity even if they do not share any term. The main contribution of this paper is in laying the foundations for a semantic search engine over XML documents. The controller design is carried out with the aid of the root-locus method. Using this method we find that 48 ,922 doorway pages in 526 abusive cloud directories utilize traffic spam techniques to manipulate the page relevance. For the last 2 programs in Figure 1b  , the advantage of RSRepair is statistical significance; although there exists no significant difference for the remaining 4 programs due to too small sample sizes no more than 20 in the " Size " column of Figure 1b  , RSRepair has the smaller NCP in terms of Mean and Median. If a query consists of several independent parts e.g. The control space is defined by the degrees of freedom of our haptic device  , the Phantom. This design offers more protection than the first two designs  , but manipulating protections may slow perfor- mance. This force is converted to joint level torque through link mechanism. The angle of rotation of the actuator is the commonly used collocated mea- surement. This technique provides a mechanism for modeling term dependencies during expansion. Many methods are available to optimize the objective function above. LM-UNI  , which was the best scoring MoIR model  , is now outscored by the other two models which rely on structured semantic representations. On the other hand  , a few topics especially topics 209 and 229 benefit strongly from the CLIR approach. This narrows down the search space of potential objects on the image significantly. In this paper we presented a robust probabilistic model for query by melody. Recommendations to person p are made using: Pm|p ∝ Pp  , m. 4 Query expansion vs. none for Essie  , rather than completely avoiding query expansion that could be achieved by requiring exact string match  , we chose term expansion that allows term normalization to the base form in the Specialist Lexicon and might be viewed as an equivalent to stemming in Lucene. The training objective then is to maximize the probability of words appearing in the context of word w i conditioned on the active set of regions A. The method is based on: i a novel positional document object model that represents both spatial and visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of Web browser in rendered Deep Web pages; ii a novel visual similarity measure that exploit the rectangular cardinal relation spatial model for computing visual similarity between nodes of the PDOM. The resulting point cloud is a smooth continuous surface with all outliers removed. Comparing the temporal SSM models versus the baselines  , we observe that for the General class of queries the model that smooths surprises performs the best. We achieved convergence around 300 trees  , We also optimized the percentage of features to be considered as candidates during node splitting  , as well as the maximum allowed number of leaf nodes. When compared with previous results we see that Spanish CLIR using the Metathesaurus for query translation is on the high end of the performance range of 50- 75% of baseline scores observed with approaches based on dictionaries with or without information extracted from corpora 12  , 3  , 7  , 14. We develop a sparse semi-supervised multi-label learning formulation in Section 4 to mitigate the effects of biases introduced in automatic training set generation. Thus we argue that the DICT model gives a reasonable baseline. In addition  , a random forest is very fast both in the training and making predictions  , thus making it ideal for a large scale problem such as name disambiguation. As shown in Figure 1  , the auxiliary word embeddings utilized in GPU-DMM is pre-learned using the state-of-the-art word embedding techniques from large document collections. To ensure that edge score is a probability  , |  , is computed via softmax as |  , exp ∑ exp Mapping. , English using queries that are expressed in another e.g. This happens because the space of possible one-to-n mappings is huge and it is possible to find many candidate mappings having similar i.e. More recently the generalized vector space model has shown good potential for CLIR 6. 2  , we also extend it with two commonly used strategies  , i.e. A graph-based query expansion would spread all resources associated with an activated instance which is suited for thesauri. As a result of this transformation we now have equi-distant data samples in each frequency band. Word clouds and their ilk take an alternative approach. Similar poses of the same object remain close in the feature-space  , expressing a low-dimensional manifold. , E k  using Equation 2. The same table li\ts the values of several parameters. For measurement of the sensitivity transfer function matrix  , the input excitation uas supplied by the rotation of an eccentric mass mounted on the tool bit. However  , the degrees of improvement are not similar for all the query sets. The question of how searchers use  , or could use  , interactive query expansion is therefore an important research topic. From the standpoint of retrieval theory  , the presumption has been that relevance should be explicitly recognized in any formal model of retrieval. For example  , Logan 6  vestigated Mel-frequency Cepstral Coefficients MFCCs as acoustic features and utilized Earth-Mover's distance to measure the similarity between songs for recommendation. This resolved motion technique first determines the joint velocity using the pseudoinverse matrix  , and then incrementally determines the joint displacement; it thus transforms from workspace to joint space via joint velocity. Solid lines show the performance of the CNNbased model. Comparison with DBSCAN. We also considered the two-sample Kolmogorov -Smirnov KS Test 6  , a non-parametric test that tests if the two samples are drawn from the same distribution by comparing the cumulative distribution functions CDF of the two samples. We focused on translation of phrases  , which has been demonstrated to be one of most effective ways to obtain more accurate translations. To understand the fingerprinting analogy  , imagine the documents of one language stacked on a pile  , next to a pile that has the translations in the same order as the original. The correct translations are available since NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 CLIR tasks provide both English and Chinese topics at the same time. In particular  , each example is represented by two types of inputs. They found one of the query expansion failure reasons is the lack of relevant documents in the local collection. This fitting method makes the edge of the model more smooth and more approximate to that of the part than the zero-order-hold  , and makes using thicker material possible. Work at ETH has focused SB96  on using This calculation results in a matrix of term-term associations  , which we use for query translation in the same manner as the matrix of translation probabilities in WM1. Together  , the two term lists covered about 15% of the unique Arabic stems in the AFP collection measured by using light stemming on both the term list and the collection. 2  , the x-axis highlights documents relevant to " Semantic Desktop " while the y-axis highlights documents relevant to " pimo:Person " . An example of aplying the equivalent transfer function for minimizing the size of a SPN a Where: 4. We proposed an iterative query expansion approach to improve total recall. -As we will see below  , it is relatively easy to obtain a suitable degree of query expansion based on translational ambiguity.  Automatic building of terminological hierarchies. Additional opportunities include allowing wildcards to match subexpressions rather than single symbols  , implementing additional query functionality in the engine  , incorporating textual features and context 24  , and integrating Tangent-3 with keyword search. The most desirable value of multimodal retrieval is to enable transfer of knowledge across different modalities so that cross-modal retrieval performance can be improved. This will build a mapping of the sensory-motor space to reach this goal. In principle there can be miss/false drop effects on expansion sets. For a certain OriginQuery  , we use two strategies to extend it: 1 twitter corpus based query expansion and 2 web-based query expansion. It is designed to be used with formal query method and does not incorporate IR relevance measurements. We focused on the problem of opinion topic relatedness and we showed that using proximity information of opinionated terms to query terms is a good indicator of opinion and query-relatedness. In what follows we will ignore amplification and motor transfer function issues and assume a   ,  t  can be specified directly. This can be done by computing B i X −1 p i where p i are the segmented model points in the first case  , and the segmented bead in the second case. When the hand system grasps the peg for the compliance center 0 1 of Figure 4   , this is identical to combine the two cases of Figures 2If the compliance center is moved to the point 0 2   , the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y1 in 6 changes into negative  , and the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y2 in 11 changes into negative . This application of expansion strategy aims to achieve high precision and moderate recall. Random forest consistently outperforms all other classifiers for every data set  , achieving almost 96% accuracy for the S500 data. The system achieved roughly 90% of monolingual performance in retrieving Chinese documents and 85% in retrieving Spanish documents. Whereas LIF well supported recall  , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin  , particularly in terms of purity  , precision  , and rand index. We find that it is more effective than DBSCAN in discovering functional areas in those three cities. When stock is reorganized  , the system must reconfigure its mapping of library space onto the subject headings. Density-based techniques like DBSCAN 4  , OPTICS 2 consider the density around each point to demarcate boundaries and identify the core cluster points. This year We have tested two different methods for query expansion based on DbPedia and UMLS. We proposed and evaluated a novel approach to extracting bilingual terminology from comparable corpora in CLIR. The vector space model as well as probabilistic information retrieval PIR models 4  , 28  , 29 and statistical language models 14 are very successful in practice. Specifically  , we use Clickture as " labeled " data for semantic queries and train the ranking model. Mechanism design is a branch of game theory aiming at designing a game so that it can attain the designer's social objective after being played for a certain period or when it reaches an equilibrium state  , assuming all players are rational. The first summand is the fitting constraint  , while the rest constitutes the regularization. Therefore  , the only parameter to%e estimated and used as input t ,o the fuzzy controller was the fundamental frequency of the beam. However  , it remains to be seen whether Word Embedding can be effectively used to evaluate the coherence of topics in comparison with existing metrics. It was especially mentioned that robots  , which are indistinguishable from humans  , might cause problems due to a transfer of emotions towards them. " Conduct curve fitting for sampled distance and zoom level as in Similar to our work  , to predict CTR for display ads  , 4 and 23 propose to exploit a set of hand-crafted image and motion features and deep learning based visual features  , respectively . The readers can find advanced document embedding approaches in 7. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. ,  ,nn and outputs yl  , .. ,yp. In information retrieval domain  , systems are founded on three basic ones models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model which were derived within many variations extended Boolean models  , models based on fuzzy sets theory  , generalized vector space model ,. The probability of document d l generated by relevant class is defined as the multinomial distribution: Thus  , the dependent variable is represented by the cluster implementation priority high or low   , while we use as predictor features: The number of reviews in the cluster |reviews|. In Figure 6we provide a typical result from training a self-organizing map with the NIHCL data. Let R be the orientation mapping from the surface-space to the world-space Therefore  , their introduction does not alter the set of execution traces specified by the model. But the interactive query expansion users are not then involved in their own tasks. Last  , we want to point out the UDInfoMB is a strong baseline to beat as it involve both the query expansion and document expansion at the same time  , while the tie breaking method only utilize one of these two. Once one moves to the campaign level the number of terms starts to be large enough to support model fitting. Note that the plane fitting test could be as well used as a verification method in the event that no compatible scene vertices were detected. If the transfer function is represented in the frequency domain as the closed-loop transfer funcl ion  , Hs  , from the exogenous inputs to the regulated outputs  , is obtained as: If the system performance can be represented by functions in terms of Hs  , multiple specific ,ltions for the system are formulated in a uniform format. In numerical optimization  , maximization of an optimization function is a standard problem which can be solved using stochastic gradient descent 5. In monolingual IR this relevance model is estimated by taking a set of documents relevant to the query. We believe that addressing the navigation problem in a hyper-environment is challenging but feasible  , because semantic annotations provide machines with the ability to access what readers normally consider shared contextual information together with the information which is hidden in the resource. Query expansion improves performance for all query lengths. In addition  , whereas KL is infinite given extreme probabilities e.g. The main goal was to bring Lucene's ranking function to the same level as the state-of-the-art ranking formulas like those traditionally used by TREC participants. In this work  , we show that the database centric probabilistic retrieval model has various interesting properties for both automatic image annotation and semantic retrieval. , are proven to have convex properties SI. Realizing what factors determine translation necessity is important. For instance  , if two labels are perfectly correlated then they will end up in the same leaf nodes and hence will be either predicted  , or not predicted  , together. As the system under consideration is a distributed parameter system  , a lineax finite-dimensional model obtained by modal truncation procedures has been used in 3 and by most other researchers. The Image Space is a three dimensional projective space with four homogeneous coordinates . Here  , we focus on locality sensitive hashing techniques that are most relevant to our work. On the patent retrieval task  , following the experimental setup of 10  , model performance was evaluated using MAP computed over 372 queries and a test collection of 70k patents. Standard generalization bounds for our proposed classifier can readily be derived in terms of the correlation between the trees in the forest and the prediction accuracy of individual trees. With k = 100 and r = 5 the PLT approach underperforms only slightly in terms of accuracy  , yet requires 10 times less space and 5 times less time per query. It actually provided correct answers for some short queries. The online dictionary Wikipedia 2 was utilized to accomplish the expansion. To calculate the document score for document d i   , the vector space method applies the following equation: We will now show how LSA is as an extension to the VSM  , by using this query mapping. The presence of autocorrelation provides a strong motivation for using relational techniques for learning and inference . Lewis Lew89 surveys methods based on noise  , while Perlin Per851 Per891 presents noisebased techniques which by-pass texture space. Knowledge of previous objects can be maintained for short durations if temporally occluded or when an object is missed due to the number of matched key-points dropping below the minP ts threshold required by DBSCAN. Instead of picking the top document from that ranking  , like in TDI  , the document is drawn from a softmax distribution. To overcome the disadvantage some efforts have been taken. As a result  , collision checking is also performed directly in the work space. For each English word a precise equivalent was given. While the scores produced by latent semantic models have demonstrated a strong correlation with document relevance  , they are just the " tip of the iceberg " in capturing the relation between a query and document. Recently  , in the paper 40 genetic programming is proposed to fix automatically the general bugs  , and a prototype tool called GenProg based on this technique is implemented. The probabilistic retrieval model is attractive because it provides a theoretical foundation for the retrieval operation which takes into account the notion of document relevance. query. In future work  , we plan to investigate the utility of the two-vocabulary setting when training with both SE and NL corpora. An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents  , 7 steps. Therefore  , in TempCorr terms are ranked based on the level of correlation to the target time-series. In this paper  , presently known techniques for query-time replacement are reviewed  , new techniques that leverage estimates of replacement probabilities are introduced  , and experiment results that demonstrate improved retrieval effectiveness in two applications Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR and retrieval of scanned documents based on Optical Character Recognition OCR are presented. For example  , the performance with K = 30 is worse than the that with K = 20. Every block traveled adds one unit to the cost function  , and each transfer contributes four units but takes a negligible time to execute. QEWeb: Query expansion using the web was applied as discussed in pervious section. Each segment  , the entire interval when the sensor is in contact with the object  , is transferred to the frequency domain using Fast Fourier Transform. This result indicates that the level of improvement in SDR due to query expansion can be significant  , but is heavily dependent on the selected expansion terms. We evaluated our approach on the English-Chinese CLIR task of TREC-5/6: although we did not observe significant improvements  , we feel that this approach is nevertheless promising. Unique angles in TREC-6 include document translation based CLIR 19  explored by the University of Maryland using the LO- GOS system. In order to evaluate the effect of adding word embeddings  , we introduce two extensions to the baselines that use the embedding features: Embedding  , Single that uses a single embedding for every document F c e features  , and Embedding  , POS that maintains different embeddings for common nouns  , proper nouns and verbs F p e features; see Section 3.1 for details. Cross language information retrieval CLIR is often based on using a bilingual translation dictionary to translate queries from a source language to the target language in which the documents to be retrieved are written e.g. 5illustrates the impact of the variable k. Section 5 evaluates five different stemming schemes and two query expansion methods. The about predicate says that d1 is about 'databases' with 0.7 probability and about 'retrieval' with 0.5 probability . In the random subspace approach of Ho  , exactly half n/2 of the attributes were chosen each time. The impact of using different values of α  , β and N is further studied in the second set of experiments reported in Section 4.3.2. We use the methodology explained in Section 4 to examine whether the WE-based metric can capture the coherence of topics from tweets  , and how well WE  , PMI  , and LSA metrics compare with human judgements. The previous two subsections introduced sources of evidence that might help cross-temporal IR. Another unique feature is the exploration of a new and automatic method for deriving word based transfer dictionaries from phrase based transfer dictionaries. To form a base-line set of top documents  , we collected the top 20 results for 5000 queries from a commercial search engine . In the model  , bags-of-visual terms are used to represent images. Taking into account recent behavioural analyses of online communities and games 24   , entertainment seekers can be expected to put considerable dedication into producing high-quality results to earn more points in a game to progress into higher difficulty levels or a rank on the high score leaderboard. To our knowledge  , no one has yet tried to incorporate such a thesaurus within the language modeling framework. The effects described above  , and many more  , can be modeled by a Head-Related Transfer Function HRTF 15. System poles are the roots of the denominator polynomial of the transfer function and zeros are the roots of the numerator polynomial. We evaluate our query translation models using TREC collections . We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques  , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . As a reminder  , the neural net output function for the ith sample is described using the transfer function of each node in the jth layer of the nodes  , g j   , and the weights w ji kn on the connections between the nodes in different layers with the corresponding offsets b ji kn . All our official runs were evaluated by trec eval as they were baselines  , because we updated the final ranks but not the final topical-opinion scores. There might be two possible reasons. The effectiveness of this design strategy will be demonstrated on the task of ad hoc retrieval on six English and Chinese TREC test sets. The proposed measure takes into account the probability and similarity in a set of pictogram interpretation words  , and to enhance retrieval performance   , pictogram interpretations were categorized into five pictogram categories using the Concept Dictionary in EDR Electronic Dictionary. Simply by adding one distinctive term to perform query expansion is not enough to find all relevant documents. We assume that by mapping only nouns to nouns  , verbs to verbs  , etc. The example below is an excerpt from 27 which has been modified to yield an unstable nominal system. , the expansion terms learned by our model. The transformation of pDatalog rules into XSLT is done once after the mapping rules are set up  , and can be performed completely automatically. 2  , this direction changes during movement  , even in the absence of other perturbations. We now examine the bid variation in accounts. To assess the efficiency and effectiveness of our technique  , we employed SEMFIX tool to repair seeded defects as well as real defects in an open source software. Our first approach extends a state-of-the-art tag recommender based on Genetic Programming to include novelty and diversity metrics both as attributes and in the objective function 1. Since the extender usually consists of both constrained and unconstrained maneuvers  , inequality 43 of the unconstrained system. First  , given that tweets are text-impoverished  , query-expansion seems to be important. For example  , when doing retrieval from closed caption second row i n T able 10  , doing query expansion from print news yields an average precision of 0.5742  , whereas our conservative query expansion yields only 0.5390  , a noticeable drop. The " directions " of these matrices show the forward mapping of velocity from one space to another. Second  , databases can manage memory more optimally than a file system can  , because databases know more about their access patterns. To minimize the impact of author name ambiguity problem  , the random forest learning 34  is used to disambiguate the author names so that each vertex represents a distinct author. Topic model performance is often measured by perplexity of test data as a function of statistical word frequencies  , ignoring word order. These methods should be considered with respect to their applicability in the field of information retrieval  , especially those that are based on a probabilistic model: they have a well-founded thm retical background and can be shown to be optimum with respect to certain reasonable restrictions. We also see in this experiment that the MKS metric is fairly consistent with Recall. 29 further proposed models that can be trained on large scale datasets and extended the vector representations to phrases 30. The purpose of this run was to evaluate the impact of query expansion and query removal on the IR performance. In this paper  , we look at CLIR from a statistical modelling perspective  , similarly to how the problems of part-of-speech tagging  , speech recognition  , and machine translation have been  , successfully  , approached. We apply a. liyclrodynamic potential field in the sensorimotor spa.ce to choose an action cf. The classic probabilistic model of information retrieval the RSJ model 18 takes the query-oriented view or need-oriented view  , assuming a given information need and choosing the query representation in order to select relevant documents. We focus on the query generation and retrieval model selection. Challenges for domainspecific CLIR  , in particular the problem of distinguishing domainspecific meanings  , have been noted in 12. In CF1 we highlighted the suggested query expansion terms shown in the context of snippets  , and put a checkbox next to each snippet. All estimates are made using 500 bootstrap samples on the human rated data. Applications for alignments other than CLIR  , such as automatic dictionary extraction  , thesaurus generation and others  , are possible for the future. FASILKOM03 This run uses phrase query identification  , query expansion from internal dataset  , customized scoring function without RT value added  , proximity search  , keywords weighting  , and language detection. Typical acceptable plant inputs  , corresponding to the acceptable plant outputs generated by Eq. Smeaton et al. These models are based on basic thermodynamic theory and curve fitting of data from experiments. , the elements of assenibly quality space U1  , while the outputs are the assembly operation strategies ant1 quality control strategies  , i.e. the time needed for its evaluation  , becomes larger. This is aimed at averting too long loops that would happen with simple greedy selection. 4.4  , we tuned the number of concepts k for query expansion using training data. For the intersection approach  , the performance is also lower compared to Wikipedia expansion. In his 1968 letter  , Dijkstra noted that the programmer manipulates source code as a way to achieve a desired change in the program's behaviour; that is  , the executions of the program are what is germane  , and the source code is an indirect vehicle for achieving those behaviours. The play is divided into acts in such a way that each act has a fixed set of actors participating objects fitting conveniently on the scene scenario diagram. The parameters of the human hand model are calibrated by the open-loop calibration method based a vision system. Fourth  , we developed a suitable ranking mechanism that takes into account both the degree of the semantic relationship and the relevance of the keywords. Unsupervised hashing: Cross-View Hashing CVH 6 13 and Inter-Media Hashing IMH 4 20  are unsupervised hashing methods that extend spectral hashing to exploit the local structure of multimodal data for learning binary codes. For example  , if we expect a document containing the word north to have a higher-thanaverage probability of being relevant to a WHERE question  , we might augment the WHERE question with the word north. All the embedding vectors are finally normalized by setting || w||2 = 1. The second parameter to be tested is the opinion similarity function. First  , we provide a general method for the aggregation of information streams based on the concept of semantic relevance and on a novel asymmetric aggregation function. k since for each core point there are at least MinPts points excluding itself within distance Eps. The results of this comparison are summarized in Table 6. We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. It was also shown in 9  that for noncollocated position measurements  , the locations of the right half plane zeros of the resulting transfer function are highly sensitive to errors in model parameters and the distance between the actuator and the sensor. , spatial-temporal data  , predefined schemas  , or fixed visual representation e.g. In particular  , kernel-based LSH KLSH 23  was recently proposed to overcome the limitation of the regular LSH technique that often assumes the data come from a multidimensional vector space and the underlying embedding of the data must be explicitly known and computable. The first task in the system is to extract statistical information about the values and structure from the given XML document  , and this is done by the StatiX module. The language mod¾ However  , the motivation to extend the original probabilistic model 28 with within-document term frequency and document length normalisation was probably based on empirical observations. In the experiments described below we used a fix sample grid of Ax=Ay = 50cm and A0 = 0.5 degrees. The adjacent semantic link panel lists links to more content that is of relevance to what is displayed in the content panel. During the mapping of FMSVs  , the most effective heuristic feature sets are selected to ensure reasonable prediction accuracy. They basically transfer gas from inlet to outlet. In the next section  , we describe related work on collection selection and merging of ranked results. These embeddings often capture and/or preserve linguistic properties of words. Employing an α-investing rule allows us to test an infinite stream of hypotheses  , while at the same time control mFDR. This is called the ambiguity problem in CLIR. In order to analyze how good our query translation approach for CLIR  , we display in Fig. A search engine deploying learning to rank techniques reranks the top K documents retrieved by a standard weighting model  , known as the sample 3  , as shown in Figure 1. The previous transfer function 15 represents the CDPR dynamics and it depends on the pose X of the robot. Arabic query expansion was handled in different ways for INQUERY sub-runs and LM sub-runs. Previous research in thesaurus-based query formulation and expansion has shown promising results. Due to this dynamics of degree distribution  , SLIM and ELIM which assume static degree distribution  , will not do well in fitting the observed diffusion data particularly in the later time steps. Our proposed method differs from the existing approaches 20  , 21  in two aspects. In this work we try to overcome these problems by applying automatically discovered techniques for fusion of the available evidence. The Arabic topics were used in our monolingual experiments and the English topics in our CLIR experiments. Laplacian kernels are defined mathematically by the pseudoinversion of the graph's Laplacian matrix L. Depending on the precise definition  , Laplacian kernels are known as resistance distance kernels 15  , random forest kernels 2  , random walk or mean passage time kernels 4  and von Neumann kernels 14. In the automatic query expansion mode  , the expansion terms are added directly to each of the original query terms with the Boolean OR operator  , before the query is sent to the Lucene index. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work to focus on this problem. This paper presents an approach to retrieval for Question Answering that directly supports indexing and retrieval on the kind of linguistic and semantic constraints that a QA system needs to determine relevance of a retrieved document to a particular natural language input question. In Section 2  , we review previous work on CLIR using query translation  , document translation  , and merged result sets. Some of these topics were very short and contained very few technical  , specific medical nouns. It is well known that for collocated measurements  , the transfer function is passive and hence it is easy to stablilise the system 4. K v can contain any unnested function term f   , where f ∈ K v means that at plan time the planner " knows the value of f . " Where needed an informal explanation of the mapping rule is given and finally a formal definition using first-order predicate logic is given. An end-user can also browse a subject area and view all records assigned to a particular topic. Further implicit query expansion is achieved by inference rules  , and exploiting class hierarchies. Figure 2shows the system architecture of CollabSeer. We have presented a new dependence language modeling approach to information retrieval. In this paper  , we explore several methods to improve query translation for English-Chinese CLIR. Earlier work on probabilistic models of information retrieval 19  , 18  , 17  , 22  took a conceptually different approach. Inspired by stochastic gradient descent method  , we propose an efficient way of updating U  , called stochastic learning . In this study  , we further extend the previous utilizations of query logs to tackle the contextual retrieval problems. Space does not permit entire rules templates are shown or the inclusion of the entire mapping rule set  , but this is not needed to show how the homomorphism constrains the rules. When the manual CNF query doesn't expand the selected query term  , no expansion term will be included in the final query. As we are interested in analyzing very large corpora and the behavior of the various similarity measures in the limit as the collections being searched grow infinitely large  , we consider the situation in which so many relevant documents are available to a search engine for any given query q that the set of n top-ranked documents Rq are all -indistinguishable. We develop a new query expansion mechanism based on fields. Table 5: Performances of the CLIR runs. Although the most popular is still undoubtedly the vector space model proposed by Salton 19   , many new or complementary alternatives have been proposed  , such as the Probabilistic Model 16. Tries to prove the current formula with automatic induction. Passivity theory provides a powerful way to describe dynamically coupled systems by focusing on energy transfer 138. In this paper we introduced a proximity based framework for query expansion which utilizes a conceptual lexicon for patent retrieval. Using user-driven query expansion  , we help users search images in a focused and efficient manner. Query expansion runs  , as our baselines  , outperform the median and mean of all 140 submissions. Run dijkstra search from the initial node as shown in Fig.5.2. p~ ~  ,. The sensor and the manipulation spaces are partitioned by considering the features of the images and the space of the DOF of the manipulator that is called the configuration space. GGGP is an extension of genetic programming. Kisilevich et al. However  , as any retrieval system has a restricted knowledge about a request  , the notation /A: used in the probabilistic formulas below does not relate to a single request  , it stands for a set of requests about which the system has the same knowledge. In the middle  , the solid line is the measured control signal v6  , and the dashed line the predicted controlled signal  , where the predicted signal is an output of the transfer function model when the control error e is given as an input. Thus  , vector representations of words appearing in similar contexts will be close to each other. An alternate method is presented in this section which does give a well-defined transfer function. D is the maximum vertical deviation as computed by the KS test. We can thus quantify the accuracy of an observed rank correlation usingˆseusingˆ usingˆse boot . proposed to solve this problem by using Fourier Transformation 14. Gradients can be back-propagated all the way back from merging  , ranking  , sentence pairing  , to individual sentence modeling. In addition  , the system must issue a confidence score ∈0  , 1000 ∈ Z where 1000 is very confident. Some of them are deep cost of learning and large size of action-state space. , nodes without any outgoing edges – which are shown to form a significant portion of the Web graph crawled by search engines 4. We have presented the new query language XIRQL which integrates all these features  , and we have described the concepts that are necessary in order to arrive at a consistent model for XML retrieval. If we assume a too complex model  , where each data point essentially has to be considered on its own  , we run the risk of over fitting the model so that all variables always look highly correlated. It is also observed that the proposed PLM not only outperforms the general document language model  , but also outperforms the regular sliding-window passage retrieval method and a state-of-theart proximity-based retrieval model. No one advocates or teaches this style of description  , so why do people use it instead of the more precise vocabulary of computer science ? T ?iEW.flT J  , . The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α. Similar to the works described in this paper  , a Self-Organizing Map is used to cluster the resulting feature vectors. As opposed t o mapping < to new active joint space velocities through a given shape matrix Jcp   , this approach introduces additional joint space velocities using a new shape matrix . But in our CLIR system  , in some degree  , word disambiguation has not taken some obvious affect to retrieval efficiency. In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. The classical probabilistic retrieval model 16  , 13  of information retrieval has received recognition for being theoreti- Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Next  , consider the background model for each of the probabilistic retrieval models. Since the controller gives a new degree of freedom to modify the transfer functions GI and G2 independently  , this is called a two degrees of freedom 2DOF controller. Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method  , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. 25 discussed a ranking method for the Semantic Web that calculates the result relevance on the proof tree of a formal query. The details of these parameters are shown in Table 1. However  , our study shows that fractal dimensions have promising properties and we believe that these dimensions are important as such. We defer discussing the possible reason to Section 6. We proposed a new Word Embedding-based topic coherence metric  , and instantiated it using 8 different WE models. Then  , we aim to show the effectiveness of three query expansion models Bo1  , Bo2 and KL on the TRECMed 2011 collection. In computer graphics  , for cxample  , an object model is defined with respect to a world coordinate system. Experiments on several benchmark collections showed very strong per-formances of LIT-based term weighting schemes. The CS does not support collection specific services  , i. e. all the users perceive the same services in their working space. More specifically  , we enumerated all queries that could be expanded from the considered query. Afterwards  , the entity candidate e i j of a surface form candidate set V i that provides the highest relevance score is our entity result for surface form m i . Successively  , this germinal idea was further developed  , considering the dynamics a  , multiple arms 35  , defective systems and different motion capabilities of the robotic devices 6  , 83  , wire-based manipulators  , 9  , 101. Then  , we express the transfer operation as a combination of remove and insert: Since W CC is a state function  , all paths from P to P ′ have the same differential. We also explored the effect of a sequence of query expansion iterations. Figure 4shows the interpolated precision scores obtained with the probabilistic annotation and direct retrieval model. Thus  , the matrix ξ ij   , which is defined as a covariance transfer function  , is computed once using a simulation of the control law π ij . It is also interesting to find that the best CLIR performance is over 100% of the monolingual. The use of the special dictionary and the general dictionary in query translation and structuring of queries are highly effective methods to improve the CLIR performance. The main difficulties for CLIR are the disambiguation of the query term in the source and target language and the identification of the query language. In addition to increased click through rate CTR due to increased relevance  , a significant but harder to quantify benefit of the semantic-syntactic matching is that the resulting page has a unified feel and improves the user experience. If the number of clusters was less than 5  , the remaining documents were picked from the highest ranked outliers. To facilitate the teleoperation tasks  , the controller for KURBIRT computes its tip position and scales the position from the space of the master robot to the space of the slave  , RALF. One common approach  , known as "query translation ," is to translate each query term and then perform monolingnal retrieval in the language of the document 11. Furthermore  , reference tracking is not a concern as it will always be zero in an active vibration cancellation approach. Furtlierinore  , we may assiinie that the adjacent frequency bins H , Here  , we adopt the PARAFAC model 4 to carry out further tensor decomposition on the approximate core tensorˆStensorˆ tensorˆS to obtain a set of projection matricesˆPmatricesˆ matricesˆP The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. Our empirical study with documents from ImageCLEF has shown that this approach is more effective than the translation-based approach that directly applies the online translation system to translate queries. The value of a function mapping is a member of the enumerated set FN-RETURN = { Preconditlon-Error  , Previous-Menuf Prevlous-Screen  , Master-Menu-Or-Exit  , Screen-Error }. Section 2 presents an overview of the works carried out in the field of CLIR systems. introduced an automatic patch generation technique 5. There are three broad types of CLIR systems: those based on query translation  , those based on document translation  , and those that use some aspects of both 15. For a dynamic system  , continuous or discrete  , one can use system poles to determine its dynamic characteristics. Similar to the balanced Random Forest 7  , EasyEnsemble generates T balanced sub-problems. One can  , therefore  , raise the same objection to this assumption on the atomic vectors although it has been demonstrated that atomic vectors are indeed pairwise orthogonal in the strict Boolean retrieval model3 ,4. Recently  , many studies have attempted to improve upon the regular LSH technique. Real-Time Query Expansion RTQE describes an interface mechanism whereby candidate expansion terms are presented to the searcher as they enter their search query. In all of these works  , external resources are used to train a lexicon for matching questions to particular KB queries. This results in decreased precision. For synonym identification  , we integrated a sense disambiguation module into WIDIT's synset identification module so that best synonym set can be selected according to the term context. An action space approach is attractive for the purposes of cross-country navigation for several reasons. In the following  , we present our implementation of the different GP operators on link specifications and how we combine GP and active learning. The survival random forest based model not only slightly outperforms all the other competing model including a suite of classification random forest but  , more importantly  , it allows to compute the survival at di↵erent thresholds. In this paper we will use the GIST descriptor to represent a calligraphic character image. For K = 0.5  , the transfer function reduces to Hence  , the key idea to overcome the problem of dimerisionality is the use of kernel functions for establishing an implicit mapping between the input and the feature spaces. Different trees may have different thresholds for the same predicates  , and can use different matching functions on the same attributes. One problem in judging relevance between a tweet and a linked resource is the tweet is limited to 140 characters while the resource could span thousands of characters. In addition  , the baseline PSQ technique exhibited the same decline in MAP near the tail of the translation probability distribution i.e. Further experiments with larger datasets and more realistic queries are required to evaluate the practical implications of this theoretical advantage. In the case of our mobile robot we chose four particular variables for the reduced information vector. Consider the expression descendant-or-self$roots/title mapped from //title. Concluding remarks are offered in Section 4. The two methods are based on the extension of the technique presented in 8 to perform term expansion and relation path expansion. Trajectories and maps were produced via Hector mapping 17; map regions are as follows: light grey represents known vacant space  , black represents known surfaces and dark grey represents unknown space; the grid cells are 1 metre square. However  , we believe that MT cannot be the only solution to CLIR. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. Further more  , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data. Window split is particularly useful when scaling the logical window size for an SQF with complexity higher than On over the window size. worked on snippet generation for a semantic search engine Sindice that indexes instance data 2. Particularly  , we investigate an inductive learning method – Genetic Programming GP – for the discovery of better fused similarity functions to be used in the classifiers  , and explore how this combination can be used to improve classification effectiveness . Comparisons between direct and model-based learning for efficiency and task-transfer can also be found in Atkeson and Santamaria 13  for swing up of pendulum with continuous actions. We can see that DBSCAN is 2-3 times slower than both SPARCL and Chameleon on smaller datasets. x 1 ,k  ,y 1 ,k  and x 2 ,k  ,y 2 ,k  are the positions of robots 1 and 2 at each instant k and i b 1 . 2 summarizes related works. These are supervised approaches that begin with a small number of labeled links and then inquire labels for data items that promise to improve their accuracy. However  , for the purposes of the experiments described here  , it was treated as a series of simple bilingual dictionaries 1 . For example  , in Figure 1suppose that another liberal news site enters the fray. , the surveys in 7  , 6. The upper two figures are for AP88-89 dataset  , and the lower two are for WSJ87-88 dataset. We try to improve system performance by integrating different ranking methods. To assess the effectiveness and generality of our deep learning model for text matching  , we apply it on tweet reranking task. As another example  , maybe more related to Internet security  , consider parallelized file transfers  , as in the BitTorrent peer-to-peer service. In this paper  , we first analyze the theoretical property of KLSH to better understand the behavior and capacity of KLSH in similarity search. The tripwise LTD file records are indexes of consolidated stoppages made during trips. Therefore we need to introduce additional contextual information for these short questions through query expansion. Utility of combining query removal and query expansion for IR. Using auxiliary tree T   , recursive function sort csets is invoked to sort the component sets. We therefore omitted Model 4 for the English- Chinese pair. A partial function I : S C mapping states to their information content is called an interpretation. Figure 7 shows the arrangement of the singlemass arm. We extract expansion concepts specific to each query from this lexicon for query expansion. , 1. This reasoning may partially explain why ensemble tree models  , such as Random Forest  , are considered superior to standalone tree models. The effects of the environmental changes combine to produce a transfer function for the overall system which is constantly varying depending on the task being performed. After estimating model parameters   , we have to determine the best fitting model from a set of candidate models. The mapping can include time variant contact conditions and also timely past and/or future steps during manipulation. Other researchers used classifier systems 17  or genetic programming paradigm 3  to approach the path planning problem. In this paper  , we consider a compliance and damping as impedance elements. Other approaches based on genetic programming e.g. Interpolating a viable object path for a given object displacement requires knowledge of the initial and fi­ nal poses as well as how the object is to be displaced. By adopting cross-domain learning ideas  , DTL 28 and GFK 10 were superior to the Tag ranking  , but were inferior to the deep learning-based approach DL. A large number of bytes changed might result from a page creator who restructures the spacing of a page's source encoding while maintaining the same content from a semantic and rhetorical point of view. During pipe transfer and placement  , slips may occur along the pipe's axis. In particular  , we explored query expansion and tweet expansion. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. In this example  , P-DBSCAN forms better clusters since it takes local density into account. The linkage weighting model based on link frequency can substantially and stably improve the retrieval performances. We can understand them as rules providing mapping from input sensor space to motor control. There is small change from 100 to 500 trees  , suggesting that 100 trees might be sufficient to get a reasonable result. The increase in performance without query expansion is substantial  , however  , the difference remains small after query expansion. There is a certain advantage to the use of such an entropy-based skill learning method. In the following  , we give a problem formulation and provide a brief overview of learning to rank approaches. How to measure the similarity of events or road condition ? In our example  , the only entry of the graph is " Floor- Request " . When dealing with small amounts of labelled data  , starting from pre-trained word embeddings is a large step towards successfully training an accurate deep learning system. Operationally then  , Y has the affect of producing a new copy of Y H the " meaning " of the factorial function upon each recursive call. Figure 1shows our discoveries related to the video game industry consisting of d = 4 activities  , namely  , the search volumes for " Xbox " x1  , " PS2  , PS3 " x2  , " Wii " x3  , and " Android " x4  , taken from Google  , 2 and spanning over a decade 2004-2014  , with weekly measurements. In this section  , we show the effectiveness of our approach for CLIR. This mapping is generic in that we can map any other recursive navigation query in the same way. Although Codd advised the community to include an accurate paraphraseand-verify step 4  , it seems that developed systems seldom take this requirement seriously and instead simply translate the user's query to SQL  , applied it and then presented the answers  , perhaps along with the SQL. This paper has proposed an approach to automatically translate unknown queries for CLIR using the dynamic Web as the corpus. Our expansion procedure worked by first submitting the topic title to answer.com  , and then using the result page for query expansion. A CLIR BMIR-J2 collection was constructed by manually translating the Japanese BMIR-J2 requests into English. Stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization . 1998. The importance of the technique and the study lies in it introduces a novel and effective way of using statistical translation knowledge for searching information across language boundaries. Query translation is usually selected for practical reasons of eeciency. Our CLIR experiments used the Lucy search engine developed by the Search Engine Group 5 at RMIT University. In that case  , mapping this vector of functions or  , equivalently  , this vector-valued function across the points in the space yields a multi-dimensional  , non-functional property image of the design space. We explain the PRM-S model in the following section. Doing so allows for powerful and general descriptions of interaction. Among the most prominent projects in this arena is the WEBSOM system 12 representing over 1 million Usenet newsgroup articles in a single huge SOM. For example  , for the query " bank of america online banking "   , {banking  , 0.001} are all valid segmentations  , where brackets   are used to indicate segment boundaries and the number at the end is the probability of that particular segmentation. However  , mapping an inherently high-dimension data set into a low-dimension space tends to lose the information that distinguishes the data items. In this section  , we try to make use of the translated corpus to enhance MLSRec-I. In this section  , we describe how we transformed the candidate documents in each sub-collection into its representation in the Vector Space Model VSM. Velocity will be computed using backwards difference differentiation. Relational machine learning attempts to capture exactly these statistical dependencies between statements and in the following we will present an approach that is suitable to also integrate sensory information and a knowledge base. Lee and Hwang attempt to develop a concep‐ tual bridge from game theory to interactive control of a social robot 11. As described in q  , each tuple has a system-defined attribute called count which keeps track of the number of original tuples as stored in the relational database that are represented by the current generalized tuple. The method is based on: i a semantic relevance function acting as a kernel to discover the semantic affinities of heterogeneous information items  , and ii an asymmetric vector projection model on which semantic dependency graphs among information items are built and representative elements of these graphs can be selected. As boolean retrieval is in widespread use in practice  , there are attempts to find a combination with probabilistic ranking procedures. AutoFix-E 37 can repair programs but requires for the contracts in terms of pre-and post-conditions. A cutoff value of 0.5 was used for the three semantic relevance approaches. The modeler wants " all the data  , " but only for purposes of fitting and comparing models that help to explain the data. Based on a word-statistical retrieval system  , 11 used definitions and different types of thesaurus relationships for query expansion and a deteriorated performance was reported. Disjoint learning ignores the unlabeled instances in the graph during learning see Figure 1b This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. Space extracts the data exposures from an application using symbolic execution  , specializes the constraints on those exposures to the types of role-based access control using the mapping provided by the user  , and exports the specialized constraints to an Alloy specification. We compare two strategies for selecting training data: backward and random. At the core  , most of these approaches can be viewed as computing a similarity score Sima ,p between a vector of features characterizing the ad a and a vector of features characterizing the page p. For the ad a such features could include the bid phrase  , the title words usually displayed in a bold font in the presentation  , synonyms of these words  , the displayed abstract  , the target URL  , the target web site  , the semantic category  , etc. This set is called The above theorem states that points in the workspace close to obstacles  , relate to points in the configuration space with even less clearance. In this section  , we formally define the extension of the database . Stochastic gradient descent is a common way of solving this nonconvex problem. The system estimates the semantic relevance between a comment and a news article by measuring the cosine similarity between the original news article and reader comment  , after all proper nouns have been removed from both. a syntactic component . The middle loop decouples the dynamics of the system reduces its transfer function to a double integrator. In the second step  , a prototypical retrieval system based on Lucene 6 is implemented   , incorporating both an automatic and an interactive mode for query expansion. Hill climbing does not work well for nonconvex spaces  , however  , since it will terminate when it finds a local maxima. Other cases where query expansion helps include the query " depletion or destruction of the rain forest affected the worlds weather " . Such a path is  , mathematically speaking  , a mapping from the real line  " time "  into the manifold. an MS-Word document. Query expansion aims to add a certain number of query-relevant terms to the original query in order to improve retrieval effectiveness. The difference between the two proportions is strongly statistically significant  2 =20.09 with probability 1%  , two-tailed p=0.0001. In all commercial systems  , the DMP is set " statically "   , that is  , when the system is started up and configured according to the administrator's specification. That variations can be generated after the search  , as a suggestion of related queries  , or before the search to offer higher quality coverage results. Only the title and description fields of the topics were used in query formulation. We show how simulations may help in the section below. As discussed in t ,he Introductioii  , well known concepts for manipulability mea.sures of robotic structure are the so-called velocity and force maiiipulability el- lipsoids  , 12. We discarded the leading one second of each trial to remove any transient effects. Thus  , LSH can be employed to group highly similar blocks in buckets  , so that it suffices it compare blocks contained in the same bucket. The 90 th percentile say of the random contrasts variable importances is calculated. Apart from the limited number of discontinuities  , the mapping from pose-space to eigenspace is conformal: that is  , continuous but curved. The problem of mapping perceptual situations into commands can be actually decomposed into two sta- I ges: a classification of a measured perceptual situation and an association a locomotion action with a perceptual class. Daumé and Brill 5 extracted suggestions based on document clusters that have common top-ranked documents. their mAP values: In many cases this range is sufficient. ICTNETVS06 uses Random Forest text classification model  , the result is the sum of voting. This issue is typically resolved by acknowledging these assessor differences and simply accepting the opinion of a single assessor. We had found that dividing the RSV by the query length helps to normalize scores across topics. Table 1 . Second  , rather than expanding using documents directly query → documents → expanded query  , we expand using the search results of related queries query → related queries → documents → expanded query. In the following subsections  , we will present the results obtained with the different configurations adopter for evaluating the proposed CLIR system. Then we attempt to learn a bridging mapping matrix  , M  , to map the hash codes from mpdimensional hamming space to mq-dimensional hamming space or vice versa  , by utilizing the cross-modal semantic correlation as provided by training data objects. For query expansion  , besides the commonly used PRF  , we also made use of the search result from Google for query expansion. On the other hand data is exposed through human or device-based sensors  , it is then crucial that real-time semantic conversion can be supported. CLIR performance observed for this query set. These operators  , however  , rely heavily on the ability to dis cover efficiently  , given an arbitrary position in the compressed data  , the corresponding logical position in the original dntabase   , in order to reposition the data items in the new transposed space. Notice that we are chasing to simplify the Icft-most  , outermost redex at each step above -this computation rule is known as rwrmuf-order reduction and it corresponds to the lazy evaluurion of function arguments. For even larger datasets  , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. O having overlapping sources of inconsistencies means that K ∩ K = ∅. With the vector space engine they employ  , their overall 11pt performance 0.24 is slightly above the one for the search engine we use 0.20. This component may also incorporate other query expansion strategies  , such as knowledge-based query expansion . Alternatively   , pointing at the 'search' item in the control window causes the text window to display the next occumence of the searched-for item. For TREC-6  , the CLIR track topics were developed centrally at NIST Schäuble and Sheridan  , 1998. Given this disparity in run-times between the two classifiers  , the random forest is clearly a better base classifier choice for the IAEI benchmarks  , and considering only the slight performance penalty  , ACM-DBLP as well. In diversity task  , we can consider each query expansion as an aspect or sub-topic of the origin query. These weights are then used to re-rank documents in the list R. We utilize the proximity of query terms and expansion terms inside query document DQ to assign importance weights to the explicit expansion concepts. According to the density-based definition  , a cluster consists of the minimum number of points MinPts to eliminate very small clusters as noise; and for every point in the cluster  , there exists another point in the same cluster whose distance is less than the distance threshold Eps points are densely located. A comment with each of the public attributes indicates its t~  , all other inherited attributes are recursive. Each neuron receives as input all the outputs from the previous layer  , and applies a specific weight and a transfer function to this input  , to then pass this result to the neurons in the next layer. It is desired to ensure the mapping functions Φx to be consistent with respect to the structure of G| T V  , E. We found that although the entropybased method can reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method  , significant improvements are possible. i.e. A modified scale space approach  , based on a line model mask with weights calculated from the line fitting mors  , is presented. When a user enters a freetext query string  , the corpus of webpages is ranked using an IR approach and then the mapping from webpages back to songs is used to retrieve relevant songs. The intuition for having this objective function is to try to find a single mapping for user's features  , namely Wu  , that can transform users features into a space that matches all different items the user liked in different views/domains. This property can be viewed as the contraction of the phase space around the limit cycle. We therefore experimented with word clusters that are induced from embedded word vectors. In this paper a set of operator models .was generated. We will briefly examine why these ideas are misguided based as they are on intuition about the nature of testing and how they may be reformulated to take account of scientific principles. This situation does not take the sentiment information into account. Positive examples were obtained by setting up the laser scanner in an open area with significant pedestrian traffic; all clusters which lay in the open areas and met the threshold in Sec. The SemSets method 7 proposed for entity list search utilizes the relevance of entities to automatically constructed categories i.e. Figure 1 depicts the investigated scenario. We then apply the space-filling curve to this future position to obtain the second component of Equation 1. A gold standard that  , for each query  , provides the list of the relevant documents used to evaluate the results provided by the CLIR system. The resulting good performance of CLIR corresponds to the high quality of the suggested queries. The amplifiers introduce an output delay which is slightly more complicated to measure. Local. The central problem of query expansion is how to select expansion terms. Since a cluster in DBSCAN contains at least one core object  , MinP ts also defines the minimum number of objects in a cluster. Figure 8 shows the predicted response of the subject using the transfer function model defined in 17  , where the measured controlled signal ys of the practised operator and the predicted signal are shown. Assuming that spatial and temporal facets of concepts are potentially useful not only in human understanding but also in computing applications  , we introduce a technique for automatically associating time and space to all concepts found in Wikipedia  , providing what we believe to be the largest scale spatiotemporal mapping of concepts yet attempted. One test done in surface following is to see how the contact force error changes when the environment has a sinusoidal motion. NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. Indeed  , mapping technology itself—including the prior technology of the printed map— privileges a particular cognitive perspective 9. We conducted a set of experiments aiming to evaluate the proposed disambiguation system in comparison with stateof-the-art methods on two well-known datasets. 4 study the problem of semantic query suggestion  , where each query is linked to a list of concepts from DBpedia  , ranked by their relevance to the query. To address the issues associated with the basic and entropybased LSH methods  , we propose a new method called multiprobe LSH  , which uses a more systematic approach to explore hash buckets. Although framed mainly in the context of a specific set of game rules  , we extend the theory into the real world by first observing that user population on Steam Community does not follow real-world geographic population and  , more importantly   , cheaters are not uniformly distributed. Each point p = p 1   , p 2  in the original 2-dimensional space is transformed to a point A time wrapping function is a transfer function which aligns two curves. But that comes with the condition of a context-dependent quality and relevance of established associations i.e. A key idea of our term ranking approach is that one can generalize the knowledge of expansion terms from the past candidate ones to predict effective expansion terms for the novel queries. Statistical t-test 13 is conducted to indicate whether the CLQS-based CLIR performs significantly better. At first glance  , MT seems to be the ideal tool for CLIR. This behavior is quite similar to stochastic gradient descent method and is empirically acceptable. Since we use the height defuzzification method  , we can specify a rule directly by assigning a real number instead of a linguistic value to pj which is to be optimized by EP. This allows the model to consider a wider range of dependencies to reduce bias while limiting potential increases in variance and promises to unleash the full power of statistical relational models. We then present a constructive argument to show that only On projection sets need be considered to obtain the diameter function. Similarly  , the work of 25 leverages IRL to learn an interaction model from human trajectory data. In Section 2.1  , we study the tag-tag text similarity matrix by Latent Semantic Indexing 1 on tag occurrence. Information Retrieval typically measures the relevance of documents to a query based on word similarity. This result confirms the usefulness of proximity information for identifying importance weights for expansion terms as previously was shown in 13. In the next experiment  , we captured the image sequence while driving a car about 2 kilometers with a stereo camera  , as shown in Fig. Regarding translation resources for CLIR  , we believe that two points are widely agreed upon:  resources are scarce and difficult to use; and  resources with greater lexical coverage are preferable. It is a recursive function that generates the set OptAns of all answers candidate to be optimum by combining the paths in a connected component cc. Experiments with semiautomatic query expansion  , however  , do not result in significant improvement of the retrieval effectiveness &m 92. More similar to our work  , Bengio et al. GEOY_CBJPART is an entity-valued function that stores the PART's shape  , and also the position and location relative to each superpart. Marginal citations are detected by semantic links between two homogeneous entities. We first evaluate the effect of the two-stage PRF query expansion. , statistical charts. Our experiments with feature selections also demonstrate that near-optimal accuracy can be achieved with just four variables  , the inverse document frequency value of author's last name and the similarity between author's middle name  , their affiliations' tfidf similarity   , and the difference in publication years. Grossman et al. This means that our current implementation only approximates the top-k items. Then  , DBSCAN visits the next object of the database D. The retrieval of density-reachable objects is performed by successive region queries. In this paper  , we present a novel framework for learning term weights using distributed representations of words from the deep learning literature. These are highly desirable properties for an unsupervised feature mapping which facilitate learning with very few instances. Usage of correct translations shall help reveal the necessity of translation. as query expansion mechanisms. It may be noted that this is all that is necessary to compute the transfer function. Query expansion methods augment the query with terms that are extracted from interests/context of the user so that more personally relevant results can be retrieved. In response to a query  , each of the three indices returns zero or more results. Such a study will help identify good candidate pivot languages. Thecompared AveP and G AveP. Sigmoid activation functions are used in the hidden layer and softmax in the output layer to ensure that outputs sum to one. If the precomputations would have to be run often  , we suggest not using the precomputations and instead running the Dijkstra search in AFTERGOAL with an unsorted array Section IV-B.1. The idea behind active learners also called curious classifiers 18 is to query for the labels of To handle our real k-gram vectors  , we first transfer each real-valued weight to a binary vector as suggested by Gionis et al. The Hilbert curve is a continuous fractal which maps each region of the space to an integer. the set of positions and orientations that the robot tool can attain  , will be denoted by W = this section  , we show how the robot's task space can be mapped to the camera's visual feature space and then we will consider the mapping from the robot's configuration space to the visual feature space. In the Chevy Tahoe example above  , the classifier would establish that the page is about cars/automotive and only those ads will be considered. IBM Haifa This year  , the experiments of IBM Haifa were focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine. per iteration  , and ON 2  memory is needed to store S. Such cost in both computation and storage is unacceptable when N grows large. Especially in our case where the input forms a local shape representation  , these reduced data sets are clusters of locally similar data.  prisbm: Run with query expansion based on Google query expanding and manually term-weighting. We use the log-likelihood LL and the Kolmogorov-Smirnov distance KS-distance 8 to evaluate the goodness-of-fit of and . A PSbased training system includes a number of PS shards that store model parameters and a number of clients that read different portions of the training data from a distributed file system e.g. In order to perform accurate positioning  , Dudek and Mackenzie 2 composed sonar based maps where explicit model objects were constructed out of sonar reading distribution in space. , operating with only one language instead of two  , which results in a unified WE-based framework for monolingual and cross-lingual IR. First  , the ability to identify similar queries is in the core of any query-recommendation system. Variations to the idea of providing a visual space with objects corresponding to sound files have been proposed in 12 where a heuristic variation of multi-dimensional scaling FastMap is used to map sound objects into an Euclidean space preserving their similarities and in 13 where a growing self-organizing map is used to preserve sound similarities calculated using psychoacoustic measures in order to visualize music collections as a set of islands on a map. In particular  , by training a neural language model 8  on millions of Wikipedia documents  , the authors first construct a semantic space where semantically close words are mapped to similar vector representations. The main contribution of this paper is twofold: we combine previously known game theory strategies into ontology reasoning and present a measure to systematically evaluate the inconsistencies in ontologies. However  , the transfer function for figure 9.b is The transfer function for figure 9.a is identical to equation 2  , with the same bandwidth. For the sake of clarity  , the parameters listed are also discretized. The goal of Knowledge Acquisition KA is to develop methods and tools that make the arduous task of capturing and validating an expert's knowledge as efficient and effective as possible. Therefore  , we believe that full expansion with mild query expansion leads to best overall performance. 7shows the transfer of center of gravity of Brachiator111 calculated from each measuring point. Space asks the user to define this mapping. We show examples of extracted phrases and more interpretable topics on the NIPS data  , and in a text mining application  , we present better information retrieval performance on an ad-hoc retrieval task over a TREC collection. It also takes into account the beliefs associated to these propositions; the higher their beliefs  , the higher the relevance. An example query and its expansion would be: " Tiger Woods PGA win " => " Tiger Woods PGA win golf tournament Masters victory. " However  , RaPiD7 is not focusing on certain artifacts or phases of software development  , and actually does not state which kind of documents or artifacts could be produced using the method  , but leaves this to the practitioner of the method. 3.2. For example   , probabilistic models are a common type of model used for IR. In order to increase the recall of the set of retrieved passages  , we have experimented with three different query expansion techniques. In this context a datatype theory T is a partial mapping from URIrefs to datatypes. The polarity task is to locate blog posts that express an idea either positive or negative about a target. While LIB uses binary term occurrence to estimate least information a document carries in the term  , LIF measures the amount of least information based on term frequency. Furthermore  , if a general optimality criterion is given at runtime  , a global optimum can be sought along the lower-dimensional self-motion manifold rather than in the complete n-dimensional configuration space. Notice that the DREAM model utilize an iterative method in learning users' representation vectors. Query dependent expansion. The effect of query expansion is influenced by the query length. Among the various approaches  , automatic query expansion by using plain co-occurrence data is the simplest method. Existing measures of indexing consistency are flawed because they ignore semantic relations between the terms that different indexers assign. We expect that  , similar to general-purpose relational databases  , a " one size fits all " 17 triple store will not scale for analytical queries. In many IR tasks document similarity refers to semantic " relevance " among documents  , which are could be syntactically very different but still relevant. The unique mapping maps the energies of each DoF V θ ,ψi with the appropriate phases to the force trajectory F p ,x t by neglecting the influence of handle motion ˙ r. The energies V θ ,ψi and phases ϕ θ ,ψi span a transformed state space. First  , since soil is not rigid  , a C-space representation of natural terrain has very high dimensionality. We use scikit-learn 28 as the implementation of the Random Forest Classifier. The difference was particularly clear when the number of dimensions K was small. , the interaction model motivated in Section 3  , and the values of ⃗ x is determined by specific types of user behavior. The most obvious approach to CLIR is by either translating the queries into the language of the target documents or translating the documents into the language of the queries. Classifiers were trained according to the probabilistic model described by Lewis 14  , which was derived from a retrieval model proposed by Fuhr 9. in the solution. , see Table 1. Corpus-based approaches are also popular. While the empirical data can be readily fitted to many known parsimonious models such as power laws  , log-normal  , or exponential  , there is no guarantee that the fitted model can be used to predict the tail of the distribution or how the distribution changes with the observation window . In Section 4.1 we provide the details of the query expansion method used for experiments. We presented a deep learning methodology for human part segmentation that uses refinements based on a stack of upconvolutional layers. The collected data could be used for generating unexplored movement and for reaching unexplored positions in the action space. In order to avoid these limitations   , we chose to use a monolingual test collection for which translated queries are available  , and to base our evaluation on the largest possible number of topics. This technique is now routinely used in speech retrieval 7  , but we are not aware of its prior use for CLIR. However  , it requires the setting of two parameters: DBSCAN does not require the definition a-priori of the number of clusters to extract. Moreover  , game theory focuses on conceptualizations for strategic interaction. In TREC-10 the Berkeley group participated only in the English-Arabic cross-language retrieval CLIR track. Therefore only results from the Random Forest experiments are reported  , specifying F1  , accuracy and the area under the ROC curve AUC. For most of them  , the Random forest based classifiers perform similar to CNNbased classifiers  , especially for low false positive rates. Game theory has been the dominant approach for formally representing strategic inter‐ action for more than 80 years 3. One of the key problems of genetic programming is that it is a nondeterministic procedure. If the joint torque signal provides a poor measure of the tool contact forces  , then a force sensor may be used in conjunction with the master  , but the forces from the sensor must be brought into joint space by mapping through the manipulator Jacobian. Therefore  , a perfect tracking controller may cause oscillatory velocity response. Each game instruction had a 15 % chance of being incorrect translation error rate. By picking the probing sequence carefully  , it also requires checking far fewer buckets than entropy-based LSH. 20  , the transfer function from the disturbance to the output force is expressed as follows: Then  , from eq. Each drive system is modeled by a discrete time transfer function  , expressed as a numerator and a denominator polynomial. 3shows the response of the inertial element circuit with the transfer function Note that the forward or backward Jacobian mapping between the joint space and the fingertip space may not be unique due to the structure of finger used in robot hands. Table 3gives the mean estimate of r   , over 40 degrees for 9 different indenters. If the model fitting has increased significantly  , then the predictor is kept. Not all ICFG paths represent possible executions. For the former  , the average precision was 0.28  , and for the latter 0.20. The existing test-driven reuse approaches make signature matching a necessary condition to the relevance and matching criteria: a component is considered only if it offers operations with sufficiently similar signatures to the test conditions specified in the original test case. 1633-2008 for a fitting software reliability growth model. For the data set of small objects  , the Random Forest outperforms the CNN. In other cases  , the LIWC categories were different enough from the dataset that model chose not to use topics with ill-fitting priors  , e.g. This means that we only need to check clusters whose keys have a Hamming distance in the range HQ  , P −k  , HQ  , P +k namely  , clusters Cj with However  , previous query expansion methods have been limited in extracting expansion terms from a subset of documents  , but have not exploited the accumulated information on user interactions. The words that are highly relevant to the topic are then selected  , and their semantically related words are extracted and promoted by using the GPU model 18. Similarly  , the approach presented in 21 assumes that a 1-to-1 mapping is to be discovered. Some insights from measurement theory in Mathematical Psychology were briefly covered to illustrate how inappropriate correspondence between symbol and referent can result in logically valid but meaningless inference. There is a generator of random changes which is a procedure that takes a random step from λ to λ + Δλ. And we selected the top 20 terms as highly relevant expansion terms for the next scoring step. In the second model  , which we call the " Direct Retrieval " model  , we take each text query and compute the probability of generating a member of the feature vocabulary. 15 propose an alternative approach called rank-based relevance scoring in which they collect a mapping from songs to a large corpus of webpages by querying a search engine e.g. We transformed the strings to an integer space by mapping them to their frequency vectors. Space limitations do not allow us to concentrate on the implementation  , which is thoroughly described in 19. In this sense  , the general reliability serves as a prior to reduce the over-fitting risk of estimating object-specific reliability in the MSS model. As the GRASSHOPPER did  , we divide BCDRW into three steps and introduce the detail as follows: As of now we do not perform any person specific disambiguation however one could treat acknowledged persons as coauthors and use random forest based author disambiguation 30 . Our method does not require supervised relevance judgments and is able to learn from raw textual evidence and document-candidate associations alone. Future research should concentrate on finding methods by which the performance of CLIR queries could be improved further. In order to apply Laplacian kernels to graphs with negative edges  , we use the measure described as the signed resistance distance in 17  , defined as: So  , when tackling the phrase-level sentiment classification  , we form a sentence matrix S as follows: for each token in a tweet  , we have to look up its corresponding word embedding in the word matrix W  , and the embedding for one of the two word types. However  , we know the transfer function matrix of the robotic subsystem sampled with period T ,. At this point in the proof the theorem prover needs to do a proof by induction. Joint application development JAD is a requirements-definition and user-interface design methodology according to Steve McConnell 4. The first  , an optimistic heuristic  , assumes that all possible matches in the sequences are made regardless of their order in the sequence. For most models  , the performance increases as the model learns good weights and then stabilizes at a slightly lower value  , which can be attributed to the opposing effects of over-fitting and of the stabilizing effect of the regularization coefficients. Once a model has been selected to represent a subsystem  , the unknown parameters identification is required. 2 It is helpful for CLIR since it can extract semantically relevant queries in target language. 4a comparison of the retrieval results for the 25 queries. We design the transfer function matrix G; similar to the case of previous section. According to Dijkstra  , at any given time an object has one of three colors. As shown in Fig.3  , the inputs to the neuron pass through weight connections representing the synaptic strengths of the interconnections. The pictograms are ranked with the most relevant pictogram starting from the left. The core of this engine is a machine learning technique called Genetic Programming GP. In opposition to traditional methods aiming at fitting and sometimes forcing the content of the resources into a prefabricated model  , grounded theory aims at having the underlying model emerge " naturally " from the systematic collection  , rephrasing  , reorganisation and interpretations of the actual sentences and terms of the resources . This work uses fully automatic query expansion. 2 reports the enhancement on CLIR by post-translation expansion. Mapping the distribution of question topics to the distribution of question-answer topics avoids problems that occur when limited vocabularies are used in a question . K-anonymity 24  , 25  , 26  , 29  , 30  has been proposed as a means to preserving privacy in data releases. A sinusoidal command was given and slowly swept through the frequency range of interest. Performing this mapping also provides a means to model the relationship between question semantics and existing question-answer semantics which will be discussed further in Sect. Fig.7shows the transfer function Gdi ,t  , and fig.8shows the simulation result. In the region shown  , €7: = f -'  W l    , the zero reference point s = 0 of each self-organizing map approximating a self-motion manifold is at the location of minimum manipulability  , while maximum manipulability is obtained for a value of s = MaxM of about f0.7 in units defined in 12. The fitting constraint keeps the model parameters fit to the training data whereas the regularizers avoid overfitting  , making the model generalize better 7. a single embedding is inaccurate for representing multiple topics. As a result  , the result of STING approaches that of DBSCAN when the granularity approaches zero. that is simply an integrator  , Along the trajectories of Euler's equation in Choosing a first order stable transfer function leads to a compensator E. Our future work will include an extension to the the temporal summarization scheme to model temporally varying attributes and an investigation of alternative kernels and relational models. Note that the definition of " Noise " is equivalent to DBSCAN. The introduction of Query-Topic Mapping reduces the search space significantly in Opti-QTM. The labels show the topic numbers. A kinematic mapping f has a singularity at q when the rank of its Jacobian matrix Jf q drops below its maximum possible value  , which is the smaller of the dimensions k of the joint-space and n of the configuration space. We formulate a combination of the new semantic change measure and the relevance prediction from the enhanced classifier to produce a normalized quantifiable intention strength measure ranging from -1.0 to 1.0 past to current intention  , respectively. The time savings would be crucial in real-world applications when the category space is much larger and a real-time response of category ranking is required . The control of a flexible link based on its passive transfer function is just like the control of a rigid link even though the sensor and the actuator are located at different positions along the link. We also presented a revised version of the co-occurrence model. Taking advantage of the theorem of separated axis lo  , real-time accurate and fast collision detection among moving geometrical models can be achieved. and their morphological variants. In Section 2 we describe related query expansion approaches. Compared to other caching techniques in the semantic web  , the LDF cache results of a triple pattern  , increasing their usefulness for other queries  , i.e  , the probability of a cache hit is higher than the caching of a SPARQL query results. The resolvability ellip- soid 5 illustrates the directional nature of resolvability  , and can be used to direct camera motion and adjust camera intrinsic parameters in real-time so that the servoing accuracy of the visual servoing system improves with camera-lens motion. The pixeUfeature error is about 5 pixels for the image-based techniques and about 15 pixels for point based techniques. Then we can obtain W k x = λ k x  , which means W k has the same eigenvector as W and the k-th power of the same eigenvalue λ k . Random forests use a relatively small number of attributes in determining a test at a node which makes the tree faster to build. We are however confident that participants receive valuable results from their evaluation through the CLIR track. In this method th'e C-space is respresented as the convolution of the robot and workspace bitmaps 19. Finally   , if the effective number of particles �ωt� −2 2 falls below a threshold we stochastically replicate each particle based on its normalized weight. Although their impact on CLIR performance is small  , spelling normalization and stemming are still useful because they reduce the need for memory because there are fewer entries in the lexicon and they improve the retrieval speed by simplifying the score computation. Utility views are available as appropriate at all three levels of pages: domain  , vocabulary  , and book. The bottom-most RBM of our model  , which models the input terms  , is character-level variant of the replicated softmax RSM model presented in 28  for documents . Then for each number of indicators  , we learn a Random Forest on the learning set and evaluate it. Figure 1reports these scores. Example 1 PI controllers with integrity: Consider a stable TITO plant G with the transfer function This property  , if confirmed through further experiments  , would obviate the need to choose from two alternative retrieval methods based on the nature of the search task. Second  , we describe a novel two-stage optimization technique for parameterized query expansion. GEOKOBJ has several predefined functions e.g. Quantitative results in terms of segment magnification obtained in the second view  , fitting errors  , and surfaces types are summarized in Table I. In any case  , whichever way has been followed to actually build the program  , it is illuminating to be able to study and examine it by increasing levels of details at the reader's convenience. Similar to 38  , we add an additional softmax layer upon the target language SAE that outputs the sentiment labels of the target language data. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios   , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought 5. CollabSeer is built based on CiteSeerX dataset. In other words  , the original query can be regard as a point in the semantic space  , and the goal of query expansion is to select some additional terms  , which have the closest meaning to the point. This method needs lots of hierarchical links as its training data. We therefore evaluate the temporal correlation and the two derivative models by comparing 1 the quality of the summaries generated from these models and 2 their utility towards finding additional tweets from the tweet sample that are related to the event and yet do not contain the keywords from the original queries. Although the methods resemble each other in many ways  , the differences are evident. Both problems are NP-hard in the multidimensional space. controller. This corresponds to the user inspection of the retrieved documents. All these approaches represent derivation of a loop-transfer function with SPR properties for a control object without SPR properties by means of dynamic extensions or observers. A third approach receiving increasing attention is to automatically establish associations between queries and documents independent of language difference 6  , 10  , 211. On the other hand  , formal RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions can be quite alike. The CYCLADES information space is thus potentially very large and heterogeneous. extracted from parallel sentences in French and English  , the performance of CLIR is improved. The original case rules are specialized for each possible type  , and the resulting case rules introduce two new recursive function calls 3 and 5. As Figure 10 shows  , once a page starts to get noticed by Web users  , its popularity can jump almost immediately as long as the page is of high quality. Instead  , in this case  , the ramp has to be grabbed between the steps. Each Chinese query was segmented into words using the segmenters as described above  , the Chinese stop words were then removed from each Chinese query. where Iij is an indicator whose value is 1 when consumer i purchased good j in the dataset  , and 0 otherwise. Since it is desired that none of the joints overshoot the commanded position or the response be critically damped  , In the absence of any feedforward terms  , the response is governed by the poles of the transfer function. The results of the rating question on relevance suggested that users believed the returned sets were not always semantically relevant. , orgamzlng map h-a remarkable tradition in effective reg~ tance 7  , 8. In some cases  , where the density among clusters differ widely  , there is not even a single set of parameter values for and M inP ts that allows to extract the real cluster structure of a dataset for DBSCAN 8. We think the reasons of the poor performance could be as follow. We can continue in this manner and get the initial state vector. Since the performance of these methods is directly determined by the effectiveness of the kernel function used to estimate the propagated query relatedness probabilities for the expansion concepts  , we first need to compare three different proximity-based kernel functions to see which one performs the best. As mentioned in Section 3.2  , a parameter is required to determine the semantic relatedness knowledge provided by the auxiliary word embeddings. We present a joint NMF method which incorporates crowdbased emotion labels on articles and generates topic-specific factor matrices for building emotion lexicons via compositional semantics. All combinations of independent variables were presented  , with each combination of topic 3 visuality x 4 difficulty being presented randomly  , and then for each topic all combinations of image size and relevance level 3 sizes x 2 relevance levels were presented randomly as a block. Streemer also requires similar parameters  , but we found that it is not sensitive to them. We define pictogram categories by appropriating first level categories defined in the Concept Dictionary of EDR Electronic Dictionary6. The TREC datasets specified in Table 1were used for experiments. Table 6shows examples of queries transformed through both alternatives. Grounded theory 27 is a method often used in Social Science to extract relevant concepts from unstructured corpora of natural language resources e.g. This could be due to the fact that we have trained our query expansion mechanism on long queries before noise reduction  , but not on long queries after noise reduction. , push  , pop  , transfer  , tests  , but also as a function of nt~ the number of times a terminal t appears in an input string to be parsed. Our model is general and simple so that it can be used to efficiently and effectively measure the similarity between any two documents with respect to certain contexts or concepts in information retrieval. We train the embeddings of the words in comments using skip-bigram model 10  with window size of 10 using hierarchical softmax training. Unlike most existing combination strategies   , ours makes use of some knowledge of the average performance of the constituent systems. The time-aligned transcript makes the video more accessible 2 and offers potential to keep users on-site longer in support of exploratory search 1. The impedance with which a human expert manipulates a tool was identified by measuring the expert motion. Informal tests " viewing the interaction with a CLIR system available on the Web ARCTOS and machine-translated web pages Google. In this paper  , we also studied the relationship between query lengths and improvements by query expansion. This means that RCDR successfully preserved information useful for estimating target orders. Similarities are only computed between words in the same word list. When dealing with interval plant systems with independent coefficients one typically is interested in Kharitonov polynomials. Then  , the approximated cost to traverse an edge is computed by plugging a covariance at a departing vertex into the associated cost transfer function of that edge. Web-based expansion  , on the other hand  , searches much larger external data sources of the Web  , and has shown to be an effective query expansion strategy for difficult queries Kwok  , Grunfeld & Deng  , 2005. This ensures that the child keeps being challenged which is an important factor in both intelligent tutoring systems 17 and game theory 6. Experimental results on a real clickthrough data show that the method can not only cover 413 the OOV queries out of 500 queries  , but also achieve 62.2% in top-1 to 80.0% in top-5 precision. The results indicate that our method can achieve acceptable results for queries in and out of dictionary. Similiar to interface automata 8   , UCML takes an optimistic view on compatibility   , that means  , interfaces do not have to be a perfect match to be compatible  , but in contrast to interface automata this is not achieved by finding an environment which is compatible via the game theory. Let¨be Let¨Let¨be a feature mapping and be the centroid matrix of¨´µ of¨´µ  , where the input data matrix is represented as in the feature mappingörmappingör the feature space explicitly. If a conjunct is an IR concept  , the glb values are retrieved from the IR Relevance Assertions . Combining the UMLS Metathesaurus with a MEDLINE test database enables an empirical investigation of a high quality multilingual thesaurus as a resource for free-text based CLIR using two broad approaches: document translation and query translation. In case of a cycle i.e. Our work however differs from their method in several aspects. Fu and Guo 2 proposed a method to learn taxonomy structure via word embedding. Preliminary experiments showed that increasing the number of features above 40 per code did not improve performance. Finally  , many systems work with distributed vector representations for words and RDF triples and use various deep learning techniques for answer selection 10  , 31. Second  , from the initial belief  , covariances at other vertices can be computed efficiently by propagating Λ − 0 using covariance transfer functions. It is often easier to recognize patterns in an audio signal when samples are converted to a frequency domain spectrogram using the Fast Fourier Transform FFT 3  , see Fig. Games in game theory tend to encompass limited interactions over a small range of behaviors and are focused on a small number of well-defined interactions. In the novel ranking model proposed in this paper  , the following three relevance criteria are considered. The user need not know how to define hierarchies in order to &fine recursive functions. This paper looks at the three grand probabilistic retrieval models: binary independent retrieval BIR  , Poisson model PM  , and language modelling LM. Applying the research results in that area will be helpful. However   , the utilization of relevant information was one of the most important component in Probabilistic retrieval model. Basically  , DBSCAN is based on notion of density reachability. The proposed system uses that information along with pure training samples defined by an unsupervised approach   , in a hybrid classification scheme. Moreover  , two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test of the samples in the two groups indicates that the difference of the two groups is statistically significant . It is possible to address automatically the domain specific terms of queries to the correct dictionaries  , because different domains have different terminologies. c = 15.34 for short queries and c = 2.16 for long queries. It is also given a set of nodes in 2D-space with edges between them  , constituting a navigation graph which represents known robot-navigable space 6. DL + FT achieved the best Tag ranking DTL GFK DLFlickr DL DL+TT DL+BT DL+FT DL+withinDomain Figure 7: The top-N error rates of different approaches for tagging personal photos and an ideal performance obtained by training and testing on ImageNet denoted as DL+withinDomain. Dehzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control actions defined over an output universe of discourse into a space of nonfuzzy control actions. Because the synibol space is continuous space and the dynainics in this space is continuous system  , the continuous change of the vector field in the inotioIi space and the continuous motion transition is realized. It also shows that the multi-probe method is better than the entropy-based LSH method by a significant factor. Step 3: Query term expansion A method similar to LCA 3 was adopted as a query term expansion technique. In this paper  , decompounding German words is realized by an approach which has been employed in domain-specific CLIR 2. In information retrieval and text mining  , it is quite common to use a word distribution to model topics  , subtopics  , or themes in text3  , 12  , 1  , 21. The given text fragment is first represented as a vector of words weighted also by TFIDF. The transfer function of a reference model was set up as follows. Conversely  , transfer statements access confidential data and propagate it without modifying it. Incorporating this additional semantic fact could have helped to improve the relevance of retrieved results. In CLIR  , PRF can be used prior or post translation or both for pre/post-translation query expansion see  , 16. Using query expansion is a popular method used in information retrieval. Within the RDS we can treat elements of X as if they were vectorial and  , depending on the approximative quality of the mapping  , we can expect the results to be similar to those performed if they were defined in the original space. Later  , we generalized this idea to map the strings to their local frequencies for different resolutions by using a wavelet transform. At frequencies greater than 4 mHz the transfer function phase is close to 180 degrees  , thus making the shaping state estimate out of phase with the input observation. Further  , using a single Figure 7: Macro P-R-F1-SU over confidence cutoffs bedding Embedding  , Single outperforms multiple embeddings representations Embedding  , POS  , indicating word embeddings implicitly capture the various parts of speech in their representation. In the areas of pattern recognition and of machine learning  , a number of sophisticated procedures for classifying complex objects have been developed . We provide a probabilistic model for image retrieval problem. Relevance: On the one hand all of our data is exposed through different formats  , which limits not only their integration and semantic interpretation but also any kind of basic inference across data sources. There are several ways to cross the language barriers in CLIR systems. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. The input to our random forest is all categorical  , and is given as key-value pairs. for which the discontinuities only remain for the case of deep penetrations. Game theory assumes that the players of a game will pursue a rational strategy. This work falls in both the last two streams of works  , borrowing from the former the advantages deriving from the usage of domain-specific terms in the query translation and from the latter the capability to exploit semantic knowledge for retrieving information. This paper focuses on the development of a learning-based heuristic for the MSP. A stopping criterion of the error leveling off suffices. Model fitting information was significant p=0.000 indicating that the final model predicts significantly better the odds of interest levels compared to the model with only the intercept. While this order is good for reducing transfer time  , it is preferable to fetch fragments in their storage order when the goal is to reduce seek cost. At high frequency   , the transfer function is equal to the value-of k ,  , the spring constant of the physical spring. The retrieval was performed using query likelihood for the queries in Tables 1 and 2  , using the language models estimated with the probabilistic annotation model. However  , anyone can imagine a number of reasons for the effect not appearing in search engine use. When compared to other query expansion techniques 15  , 24   , our method is attractive because it does not require careful tuning of parameters. the probability distribution keeping the uncertainty maximal. We also found that adding implicit state information that is predicted by our classifier increases the possibility to find state-level geolocation unambiguously by up to 80%. We take the top 10 Wikipedia articles  , extract 30 expansion terms and give the expansion query a weight of 0.5.  Which ontological relationships are suitable for automatic query expansion; which for interactive query expansion ? Lucene's scoring function was modified to include better document length normalization  , and a better term-weight setting following to the SMART model. 14 leveraged Wikipedia for the intent classification task. Table 5shows that probabilistic CLIR using our system outperforms the three runs using SYSTRAN  , but the improvement over the combined MT run is very small. , entities  , types  , frames  , temporal information for IR. typeahead.js 4 and Bootstrap 3. 1 indicates that VSM with query expansion is obviously the worst method. Then  , further simulations were performed. Researchers have frequently used co-occurring tags to enhance the source query 4  , 5. There can also be something specific to the examples added that adds confusion . As outlined in Table 4.1  , we used several different query expansions. Ballesteros and Croft explored query expansion methods for CLIR and reported " combining pre-and post-translation expansion is most effective and improves precision and recall. " Section 5.2 will discuss this approach in details. Locality sensitive hashing LSH  , introduced by Indyk and Motwani  , is the best-known indexing method for ANN search. A common problem with past research on MT-based CLIR is that a direct comparison of retrieval results with other approaches is difficult because the lexical resources inside most commercial MT systems cannot be directly accessed. In the three semantic relevance approaches 4  , 5  , and 6  , a cutoff value of 0.5 was used. Atkeson and Schaal 11 describe work in which a reward function and a model for a task are learned by observing a human demonstratc thc task. The statistic behaviors for each indicator were determined computing the mean and standard deviation. In 8 a distributed version of DBSCAN 3  is presented . This helps to prune the space for conducting containment mapping. For perfect transparency  , the transmitted impedance should be the same as the environment impedance. We can easily construct a MCMC sampler so that its stationary distribution is equal to the posterior distribution of model parameters given data and prior distribution of parameters. Figure 4 shows the relative English-French CLIR effectiveness as compared to the monolingual French baseline. after query expansion. It outperforms bag of word expansion given the same set of high quality expansion terms. However  , we found that the 4-parameter gravity model: By fitting the model to observed flows  , we might mask the very signal we hope to uncover  , that is  , the error. Ballesteros 3 researched a transitive scheme and techniques to overcome word ambiguity. In Stage II  , we maximize the model likelihood with respect to U and Ψ   , this procedure can be implemented by stochastic gradient descent. It was pointed out by Dijkstra that the structural complexity of a large software system is greater than that of any other system constructed by man 3  , and that man's ability to handle complexity is severely limited DI ,D2. In this case  , as the second approach  , we should define a more generic structurally recursive function. In the following  , two approaches  , namely JAD and Agile modeling  , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. We also applied and evaluated advanced search options. Two different approaches are compared. Here we propose to learn the affirmative and negated word embedding simultaneously . Dellarocas 5 provides a working survey for research in game theory and economics on reputation. When considering the mapping of the reach spaces of the human and robot hands we are faced with the following problem. 39 This last model appears to be computationally difficult  , but further progress may be anticipated in the design and use of probabilistic retrieval models. a t the front and t ,he rear of controlled system P and tlherehy shape the open loop frequency transfer function. In this paper we present a novel probabilistic information retrieval model and demonstrate its capability to achieve state-of-the-art performance on large standardized text collections. Such exhaustive exploration of the sub-query space is infeasible in an operational environment. Further reduction in the computations can be accomplished by minimizing the coefficient of the logarithmic function of the time complexity . The protocol tries to construct a quorum by selecting the root and a majority of its children. Owing to its simplicity and effectiveness  , CCA has been widely applied to the crossmodal retrieval 7  , face recognition 21 and word embedding 8  , 9. An electrically driven axis is essentially a fixed device i.e. We also use the following recursive function to construct the unit type for a variable x based on its C type τ when no appropriate annotations for x are provided: The unit environment is constructed during constraint generation. This transfer function in itself is not really of interest to us as it does not include the spring dynamics. , if or while statements for which both the opening brace { and the closing brace } must be present; throwing away part of such a patch results in a program that does not compile. Since only the magnitude response is used  , the frequency domain identification method in 5 is only suitable for identifying minimum-phase transfer functions with slightly damped zeros such as the transfer function from the shaft velocity to tip acceleration. The next section will discuss the classification method. This could be done by assigning weights to Semantic Associations based on the contextual relevance and then validating only those associations with a high relevance weight. However  , we cannot use the first approach when the argument is any expression other than the path expression . Several studies recognized that the problem of translating OOV has a significant impact on the performance of CLIR systems 8 ,9. The two expanded forms now have high cosine similarity. Also note that the space cost of LSH is much higher than ours as tens of hash tables are needed  , and the computational cost to construct those hash tables are not considered in the com- parison. Theobald et al. Suppose the user is willing to invest some extra time for each query  , how much effort is needed to improve the initial query in expansion effort  , how many query terms need to be expanded  , and how many expansion terms per query term are needed ? Table 2shows the results of fitting the Rated Clicks Model using human rated Fair Pairs data. First  , unlike most other query expansion techniques  , we use key phrases as the basic unit for our query term. Typically  , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7  , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. We pursue an approach that is based on a modulative relevance model SemRank  , that can easily using a sliding bar be modulated or adjusted via the query interface. Therefore the semantic operation apply -and thus also vwly -is a partial recursive function in every minimally defined model of Q LFINSET. Language modeling approaches apply query expansion to incorporate information from Section 4 describes the implementation of the architecture  , Section 5 presents the experimental results and Section 6 concludes the paper. By varying the value of T we can control the trade-off between data likelihood and over-fitting. average pointer proportion and average size of filial sets of a level. Now K stands for the equivalent stiffness of the whole structure and L becomes equivalent to the radial coordinate of the tip. The values of the sensitivity transfer functions along the normal and tangential directions  , within their bandwidths  , are 0.7 m / l b f and 0.197 in/lbf respectively. We compared EAGLE with its batch learning counterpart. By mapping the quotes onto the same latent space  , our method also reveals how the systematic patterns of the media operate at a linguistic level. However  , research funding by such projects as TIDES 1   , indicates that there is a need  , within intelligence organisations at least  , for CLIR systems using poor translation resources and pivots. To answer RQ1  , for each action ID we split the observed times in two context groups  , which correspond to different sets of previous user interactions  , and run the two-sample twosided Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 14 to determine whether the observed times were drawn from the same distribution. The results and evaluations are reported in Section 5. the class name  , is shown at the respective position in the figure. One of the main obstacles to effective performance of the classical probabilistic models has been precisely the challenge of estimating the relevance model. The query pruning 14 similarly optimizes regular path expressions  , but it is inapplicable to arbitrary recursive functions containing operations interleaved arbitrarily with navigation since such recursive functions are not transformed to finite automata. The simplified coupled impedance transfer function obtained from System passivity means that the work is always done by the external force  , without loss of the contact. After examining the relevancy of the datasets using our developed relevancy classifier  , we now use our TIRM mapping scheme in transforming the results into the intention space. Since the PCM contains only obstacles in a fixed vicinity of the vehicle  , obstacles "enter" and "leave" the map gradually as the robot moves. According to the framework of Fisher Kernel  , text segments are modeled by a probability density function. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: The effect on CLIR queries was small  , as the Finnish queries did not have many phrases. The results show that our approach clearly outperforms both baseline approaches on all three categories. This section contains the results of running several variations of the traversal portion of the 001 benchmark using the small benchmark database of 20 ,000 objects. BPTT is to iteratively repeat the calculation of derivations of J with respect to different parameters and obtain these gradients of all the parameters in the end. In addition  , the usual problems attached to concurrent executions  , like race conditions and deadlocks  , are raised. Third  , using the position and orientation of the best leaf candidate  , the robot moves the camera system closer to it to obtain a more detailed view  , which is used to obtain a better model and eventually separate different leaves. While some projects have attempted to derive the semantic relevance of discrete search results  , at least sufficiently to be able to group them into derived categories after the fact 27  , the unstructured nature of the Web makes exploring relationships among pages  , or the information components within pages  , difficult to determine. utilized user logs to extract correlations between query terms and document terms 6. In the original model  , the occurrence of the loop can then be replaced by a simple call to this recursive function instead . With reduced dimensions  , the generalization ability can be improved. Mutually recursive functions can be handled easily  , since we can always transform a set of mutually recursive functions into a single recursive function with an additional " selection " parameter. This means that there exists a 0 k such that u k is not contained in A;. Virtual targets are predicted using input-output maps implemented efficiently by means of a k-d tree short for k-dimensional tree a  , 91. A possible cause for this may be the following. There are two main scenarios where the user input could be incorporated into the system to enhance multilingual information retrieval: 1. An end-user application resembling Twitter's current search interface might apply a threshold on the tweet retrieval score and only show tweets above some threshold in chronological order. Translating the query  , while preserving the weights from 1. After that  , general automated program repair has gone from being entirely unheard of to having its own multi-paper sessions  , such as " Program Repair " session in ICSE 2013  , in many top tier conferences 20  , and many researchers justify the advantage of their techniques  , such as Par and SemFix  , via the comparison with GenProg. Game theory researchers have extensively studied the representations and strategies used in games 3. Given the feature set and the class labels stable or shrinking  , we want to predict whether a group or community is likely to remain stable or will start shrinking over a period of time. We introduce a set of novel features to characterize user behaviors and task repetition patterns for this new problem Section 4.3. The second approach is to launch the G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in a document  , such as a Microsoft Word file or HTML file. A more difficult bias usually causes a greater proportion of features to fail KS. NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 CLIR tasks also provide English and Chinese documents  , which are used as the source and target language corpora  , respectively. Our suggested probabilistic methods are also able to retrieve per-feature opinions for a query product. The results we have obtained already showed clearly the feasibility of using Web parallel documents for model training. In addition to high accuracy and robustness  , the classifier demonstrates the potential for realtime implementation with offline model parameter fitting. The question " What are the proper query expansion techniques for our framework ? " Here  , the mappings are discovered by using a genetic programming approach whose fitness function is set to a PFM. To solve the problem in a more principled way  , we introduce our probabilistic methods. Furthermore  , in order to better evaluate our predictors  , besides of the Kendall's tau  , we measure the Spearman's correlation of the predictors with average precision. The task in the CLIR track is an ad hoc retrieval task in which the documents are in one language and the topics are in a different language. Weaker invariance will show up as less overlap in the band pattern. Figure 8is a block diagram of the direct controller when it is applied to an n=2  , m=l  , d=l plant. They use both a probabilistic information retrieval model and vector space models. However  , an additional and ultimately more important reason for skyrocketing software costs arises from the fact that current large software systems are much more complex by any measure of complexity than the systems being developed 25 years ago or even ten years ago. d We introduce a novel method for query expansion based on the query recommendation tree. Therefore  , an expansion term which occurs at a position close to many query terms will receive high query relatedness and thus will obtain a higher importance weight. To improve performance   , we automatically thin out our disambiguation graph by removing 25 % of those edges  , whose source and target entities have the lowest semantic similarity. The results shown in Table 5 compare the LR system introduced in 46 with a number of systems that use word embeddings in the one-and two-vocabulary settings  , as follows: LR+WE 1 refers to combining the one-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the six features of the LR system from 46  , LR+WE 2 refers to combining the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the LR system  , WE 1 refers to using only the one-vocabulary wordembedding-based features  , and WE 2 refers to using only the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features. This approach randomly mutates buggy programs to generate several program variants that are possible patch candidates. While on the CLIR task PLTMs were configured with T=100  , 200  , 300  , 400  , 500  , 700 and 1k. The focus of previous works1  , 4 did key-term selection in the mono-lingual environment; however  , our discovery of various causes such as pre-and post-translation query expansion would influence the preference of translation in CLIR. Approaches include having the system suggest a list of terms  , and automatically adding them to users' queries automatic RF  , allowing users to pick which terms to add interactive RF  , and eliciting new terms from users. Relation c can be seen as mapping abstract  , intensional models of design spaces to extensional representations   , namely sets of concrete design variants. As we are using binary indicators  , some form of majority voting is probably the simplest possible rule but using such as rule implies to choose very carefully the indicators 13. The columns of each table show the Mean Average Precision  , the Precisions at 5  , 10  , 20  , and 30  , the Average Recall  , the Average R-Precision  , and the number of queries that have been performed. However  , this work has focused primarily on modeling static relational data. These quality measures were derived by observing the workflow of a domain expert using the example of but not limited to the field of chemistry. Based on the above discussions   , the force compensator transfer-function K  s = A large admittance corresponds to a rapid motion induced by a p plied forces; while a small admittance represents a slow reaction to contact forces. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. The visible layer of the bottom-most RBM is character level replicated softmax layer as described in Section 4.2. Employing this demonstration technique saves from the burden of mapping the human kinematics as in other approaches 7  , 14. Our results confirmed our intuition. We experimented with pre-translation query expansion using the Foreign Broadcasting collections of TREC and used various levels of query expansion. For patent search in compounding languages  , the CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than for other language pairs 3  , 7 . , 2009b build a probabilistic model by combining multiple types of queries with the corresponding search engine types. In this section we propose and evaluate an approach that makes query expansion practical in a distributed searching environment. In the future  , we will build CLQS system between languages which may be more loosely correlated  , e.g. The PSOM concept SI can be seen as the generalization of the SOM with the following three main extensions: the index space S in the Kohonen map is generalized to a continuous mapping manifold S E Etm. With query expansion  , however  , query length has opposite effect on WebX and non-WebX methods. In particular  , in these experiments we generated randomly 200 collections using Dublin Core fields. The parameters used for the TREC-8 experiments were as follows. The score is treated as a distance metric defined on the manifold   , which is more meaningful to capturing the semantic relevance degree. Accordingly  , the marking agent successively examines all the reachable objects  , In order to remember which objects have already been examined  , and which ones still need to be  , the agent uses three color marking  , a method introduced by Dijkstra et al. Second   , the Clarke-Tax has proven to have important desirable properties: it is not manipulable by individuals  , it promotes truthfulness among users 11  , and finally it is simple. This is because the order by which each node-pair is to be joined is determined by the recursive depth-first sequence that consequently makes it difficult to globally modify any ordering of traversal. One of the challenges in studying an agent's understanding of others is that observed phenomena like behaviours can sometimes be explained as simple stimulus-response learning  , rather than requiring deep understanding. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 18. We assume that the torque sensor output is composed of various harmonic waves whose frequencies are unknown. Expert users would employ element-specific navigation allowing them to jump back and forth among elements of certain HTML type: buttons  , headings  , edit fields  , etc. Deep learning structures are well formulated to describe instinct semantic representations. To simplify the problem   , we model each axis of a machine tool as a simple second-order transfer function. Furthermore  , I would like to thank the pilot users and teams in Nokia  , especially I would like to thank Stephan Irrgang  , Roland Meyer  , Thomas Wirtz  , Juha Yli-Olli and Miia Forssell. This OOB error estimate is also used later in the computation of variable importance. To tackle this issue  , we propose to employ LSH to eliminate unnecessary similarity computations between unrelated articles  , and get a rough separation on the original news corpus. After removing this noise data from the data  , the remaining elements are transformed into the time domain by using the inverse FFT. go back to a previous step in order to make changes  , or jump ahead to a later step instead of following the actual plan. More recent hierarchical methods such as DBSCAN 2  , OPTICS 13  , CURE 10 or SNN 3  overcome these drawbacks by simultaneously detecting clusters based on density connectivity and identifying low density points as noise. In the body-part detector used by Microsoft's Xbox Kinect 1   , each pixel is classified based on depth differences of neighbouring pixels using a random forest classifier. In order to illustrate the interaction between metamodels   , a homomorphism  , and a set of mapping rules  , we examine portions of two rules from the formalization of UML with Promela. Link's price reflects the interference it gets from the price receiver. There are two deficiencies in the fixed focal length model. The above results represent the first approach to a perception mapping system; it involves all sensors and all space around the robot.  We generated QR codes by first converting PDF documents into Microsoft Word™ format and then embedding the QR tag in the document to be printed. Yet 10  focused merely on evaluating the performance of a whole query and did not give insight into the effect of translation for each query term. For example  , we could map the x  , y  , and z coordinates of a data point to a single integer by using a well-known mapping function or a space-filling curve and physically order the points by three attributes at the same time. This makes each optimization step independent of the total number of available datapoints. , the number of relevant libraries in the result set: 1. For the log-based query expansion  , we use 40 expansion terms. In standard industrial practice  , the information for the automatic cycle of a high volume transfer line is represented by a " timing bar chart " . Many automatic query expansion techniques have been proposed. It is widely stated 3 ,that the difference between the two inverse mapping techniques lies in the repeatability. When the wheel is moved from the desired position  , the control torque sent to the wheel attempts to drive the angular position back to zero. For this reason  , it is not usually used in common applications. Parallel texts have been used in several studies on CLIR 2  , 6  , 19. 25 concentrates on parallelizing stochastic gradient descent for matrix completion. have been automatically extra.cted from Boolean queries  , and also where dependencies have been extracted from phrases derived from natural language queries by the user. The remote procedure call function simply transfers control to the other partition through the control protocol  , which causes the free variables to be sent before the actual control transfer occurs. − Encoding the set of descendant tags: The size of the input document being a concern  , we make the rather classic assumption that the document structure is compressed thanks to a dictionary of tags into the document hierachy at the price of making the DescTag function recursive. The goodness of fit test of the model was not significant p=0.64 meaning that predicted and observed data matrixes did resemble each other. Often those search keys that have only one or two translations are the most important words of a request and  , vice versa  , those keys that have many translations are unimportant words. A query usually provides only a very restricted means to represent the user's intention. The condition number and the determinant of the Jacobian matrix being equal to one  , the manipulator performs very well with regard to force and motion transmission. This is consistent with the estimates given in Sullivan9la  , Sullivan93J. We ran 200 trials and plot the mean and standard deviation of the information transfer estimate at each time step. The following experiments were run by connecting FX- PAL'S genetic programming system to a modular robot simulator  , built by J. Kubica and S. Vassilvitskii. Unfortunately  , to use Popov's stability theory  , one must construct a strict positive real system transfer function matrix  , but this is a very tedious work. In 18  , convolutional layers are employed directly from the embedded word sequence  , where embedded words are pre-trained separately. CyCLaDEs improves LDF approach by hosting behavioral caching resources on the clients-side. One popular approach to improving accuracy by exploiting large datasets is to use unsupervised methods to create word features  , or to download word features that have already been produced Turian et al. The simplest forward transfer-function matrix to achieve these objectives is where IC = diag ,{k ,} is a constant nxn matrix to be determined . The Forest Cover Type problem considered in Figure 9is a particularly challenging dataset because of its size both in terms of the number of the instances and the number of attributes. The types of games examined as part of game theory  , however  , tend to differ from our common notion of interactive games. It typically starts by translating the function body as if the inner call does nothing. In our experiments the optimal number of user groups was found to be two  , which was later used when computing the predictions for the final test set. Levow and Oard  , 1999 studied the impact of lexicon coverage on CLIR performance. Computing the dK-2 distributions is also a factor  , but rarely contributes more than 1 hour to the total fitting time. Experiment 1. Susskind et al. The Regular Input/Output Decoupling Problem DP is solved  , z.e. Based on these semantic annotations  , an intelligent semantic search system can be implemented. This property is called interlacing. In order to guarantee the fast retrieval of the data stored in these databases  , spatial access methods are typically used. Even though  , in general  , changing the goal may lead to substantial modifications in the basins of attraction  , the expectation is that problems successfully dealt with in their first occurrence difficult cases reported for RPP are traps and deep local minima A general framework for learning in path planning has been proposed by Chen 8. Our aspect model combines both collaborative and content information in model fitting. We take the 25% and 75% quantile of the values of a variable as its low and high level  , respectively . The program correctly identified the semantic closeness between the following two context vectors the two context vectors have a distance of 0.03012 – the relative large value means they are close: Note that the two contexts have only one overlapping words. This simple scenario is modified in the context of CLIR  , where   , dN } consists of only those documents that are in the same language and script  , i.e. Figure 5a shows a failure in fitting the profile to the sensor data around P1 in Fig. For future work we plan to investigate the effect of using reference resolution techniques on the performance of the proposed method. If there is a significant influence effect then we expect the attribute values in t + 1 will depend on the link structure in t. On the other hand  , if there is a significant homophily effect then we expect the link structure in t + 1 will depend on the attributes in t. If either influence or homophily effects are present in the data  , the data will exhibit relational autocorrelation at any given time step t. Relational autocorrelation refers to a statistical dependency between values of the same variable on related objects—it involves a set of related instance pairs  , a variable X defined on the nodes in the pairs  , and it corresponds to the correlation between the values of X on pairs of related instances. With this system  , we simulate motion generation hierarchically for six legged locomotion robot using Genetic Programming. and substituting the plant transfer function of Eq. In concept expansion  , query concepts are recognized  , disambiguated  , if necessary and their synonyms are added. Pt|s as a series of conversions from the grapheme space spelling of the source language to the phoneme space pronunciation  , and then to the grapheme space of the target language. The remainder of this paper is concerned with a ranking formulation for binary hypothesis sets that allows top-1 prediction within the given hypthesis set as well as classification of that top-1 choice. Recall from Using the developed scaling laws 12  , the controller transfer function 11s scaled and applied to both of the dimensional SFL systems described at the beginning of the section. We chose this way of query expansion since it enables better to specify which documents are relevant. In literature  , multi-view learning is a well-studied area which learns from data that do not share common feature space 27. The SCHOLNET CS provides  , in addition to the advantages that have been discussed for CYCLADES a number of other specific advantages that derive from the combination of the collection notion with the specific SCHOLNET functionality. In section 3  , we describe in detail the proposed method --improved lexicon-based query term translation  , and compare with the method using a machine translation MT system in CLIR. Fig. These ellipsoids are the mapping froin unitary balls in t ,he velocity/force joint space to the analogous in the task space. Section 4 presents precision  , recall  , and retrieval examples of four pictogram retrieval approaches. This strategy works well with many relevant documents retrieved in the initial top n  , but is less successful when the initial retrieval effectiveness is poor  , which is commonly the case in CLIR where initial retrieval performance is affected by translation accuracy see  , e.g. Clinchant8 expands the standard language modeling approach by representing more than one language in the document model and then using a meta-dictionary in order to build a matching multi-language query model. Probabilistic CLIR. Given their small size  , we were forced to use a relatively simple model with a small number of features to avoid over-fitting. The VLBG creates a graph where each node corresponds to a state that the vehicle may visit. Three parts should be deposited to the output stock St4 at 23  , 32 and 41 units of time. We express the characteristic of safety strategies for minimizing the impact force by using a block chart  , which is popular in the control field. Motivated by financial and statistical applications e.g. Explicitly expressing term dependency relations has produced good results in monolingual retrieval 9  , 18   , but extending that idea to CLIR has not proven to be straightforward. That is  , in 28  , a single persistence probability p is shared by results at all ranks; and the probability that a user examines the result at rank r is p r−1 . This is a standard method of assessing the performance of a query expansion technique based on relevance information  , 3 We only use the top 15 expansion terms for query expansion as this is a computationally intensive method of creating possible queries. This absence of any system in choosing inputs is also what exposes random testing to the most criticism. The terms of special dictionaries are often unambiguous. distributions amounts to fitting a model with squared loss. Each dimension in the vector captures some anonymous aspect of underlying word meanings. The last and final level is to utilize RaPiD7 in a full-scale software project  , and plan the documentation authoring in projects by scheduling consecutive workshops. Two reports have measured retrieval performance as a function of resources for English-Chinese retrieval. The second data set contains 2 ,000 data items in 3- dimensional space with 2 clusters the middle one in Fig.3. The implementation of ARTOO solves infinite recursion in the field distance by cutting the recursive calculation after a fixed number of steps 2 in the case of the results presented in the next section . For purposes of this paper  , the authors define the bandwidth of transparency as the frequency at which the transparency transfer function crosses a A3 dB magnitude band. To understand which features contribute most to model accuracy and whether it is possible to reduce the feature manner. Therefore  , in order to construct the model based pressure distribution image  , it is much easier to use the hollow model than the solid model. The open parameters for the forest training are the minimum cardinality of the set of training points at a leaf node  , the maximum number of feature components to sampIe at each split node and the number of trees in the forest. Therefore  , by modeling both types of dependencies we see an additive effect  , rather than an absorbing effect. Already  , the current results indicate that an automatically constructed parallel corpus may be a reasonable resource for CLIR. We vary profile size to 5  , 10 and 30 predicates. end  , we rely on two key modeling assumptions: 1 We treat documents and queries as bags of words and do not impose any syntactic information to the document structure. MRD-based approaches demonstrated to be effective for addressing the CLIR problem ; however  , when CLIR systems are applied to specific domains  , they suffer of the " Out-Of-Vocabulary " OOV issue 7. In this paper  , we have described a new query language for information retrieval in XML documents. Table 4: TopX runs with probabilistic pruning for various at k = 10 a number of novel features: carefully designed  , precomputed index tables and a cost-model for scheduling that helps avoiding or postponing random accesses; a highly tuned method for index scans and priority queue management; and probabilistic score predictors for early candidate pruning. The signal detection operates on a power signal; a Fast Fourier Transform FFT is being done which trans­ forms the signal in time domain into frequency domain. Model fitting. In particular  , this loop can dramatically reduce the friction felt by the operator and dramatically improve the " transparency " of a teleoperation system. For the second period 2006-2008  , 1938 records were obtained.  WMD  , a word embedding-based framework using the Word Mover's Distance 15  to measure the querydocument relevance  , based on a word embedding vector set trained from Google News 19. The first approach is called as entity-centric query expansion  , in which we integrate the related entities into the original query model to perform query expansion. Based on the plaintext collection  , our ARRANGER engine  , a Genetic Programming GP based ranking function discovery system  , is used to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for the topic distillation task. For the runs  , mon0  , mon3  , mon4  , and BKYMON  , 20 words were selected from the top-ranked 10 documents for query expansion; and for the runs  , mon1 and mon2  , 40 trigrams were selected from the top-ranked 10 documents for query expansion. This trajectory  , moreover  , is generate in advance. Query Expansion. We start with a probabilistic retrieval model: we use probabilistic indexing weights  , the document score is the probability that the document implies the query  , and we estimate the probability that the document is relevant to a user. The model used to compose a project from software changes is introduced in Section 4; Section 5 describes the result of fitting such models to actual projects; Section 6 considers ways to validate these empirical results  , and Section 7 outlines steps needed to model other software projects. Section 4 illustrates our semantic matching model based on conceptual query and document indexing using UMLS. Calculate angle and distance to the reflecting point by fitting TOFs of the same objects with Formula 3  , and finding L and 60 Fig.4. , passages matching at least one query word is eligible for scoring but encourages AND-semantics i.e. In this section  , we will provide a version of the back­ stepping based on the Razumikhin function for the time-delay systems 1. The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. However  , our approach is unique in several senses. In traditional approaches users provide manual assessments of relevance  , or semantic similarity. The problems all shared a common set of primitives. For query expansion  , we add a narritive term list to query term list and use the average weight of query terms as a threshold. Computer programs that evolve in ways that resemble natural selection can solve complex problems even their creators do not fully understand " Holland  , 1975. Now let where 8 is a small positive number. We describe how we train the Word Embedding models in Section 5. , we do not consider conditions on other attributes. For example the word Bataclan  , referring to the Bataclan Theatre in Paris is commonly related to Entertainment  , however during the November 2015 terrorist attacks in France it became relevant to the Topic Violence. We obtain results comparable to the state of the art and do so in significantly less time. The experimental results are shown in Table 2The second observation is that the combined methods WNB-G-HC and G-MCMC outperform slightly the original methods WNB-G  , WNB-HC and WNB-MCMC. We start by looking at the mapping of the labeled outlets  , as listed in Table 3  , in the space spanned by the latent dimensions. DBSCAN is able to separate " noise " from clusters of points where " noise " consists of points in low density regions. Thus  , a good CBIR method should consider low-level features as well as intrinsic structure of the data. To help analyze the behavior of our method we used a Self-Organizing Map via the SOM-PAK package 9  , to 'flatten' and visualize the high-dimensional density function 2 . For instance  , Beaulieu 3 reported that both the explicit and implicit use of a thesaurus using interactive or automatic query expansion respectively can be beneficial. The problem of N-Queens involves placing N queens on an N × N chess board so that no queen can take any of the others. The index is dependent on the transfer function. On the other hand  , the inverse kinematic method has symbolic solutions only in types of manipulator kinematics 7. An important feature of this is that the tf·idf scores are calculated only on the terms within the index  , so that anchortext terms are kept separate from terms in the document itself. This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. In particular we concentrate on the comparison of various query translation methods. , we merged collections of English  , French  , German  , and Italian documents into a single multilingual data collection  , and indexed the multilingual collection. In our method  , the diversity of topics was represented by the weight of expansion words. In ROBE81 a similar retrieval model  , the 80 251 called two-poisson-independence TPI model is described. We first point out when we apply deep learning to the problems  , we in fact learn representations of natural language in the problems. Experimental results on a Pentium 4 with an average load of 0.15 have shown an average query time of 0.03 seconds for the mapping and 0.35 seconds for the ranking when mapping to 300 terms. Appropriate labels must be given for input boxes and placed above or to the left of the input boxes. Document expansion combined with vector space model improves retrieval results. Most of the existing hashing approaches are uni-modal hashing. in such a way that the ordering conditions of Figure 2still hold. A mapping from capability space to resource space expresses the fidelity profiles of available applications. The last quantity í µí±í µí±|í µí±  , í µí±¡  , í µí±   , í µí± is the probability that a candidate entity í µí± is the related entity given passage í µí±   , type t and query í µí±. An Agent-Based Simulation model is regarded as a Multi-Agent System MAS  , which is a system composed of multiple interacting intelligent agents. Fast Fourier Transform. Recognizing a variable on a tree is done through a recursive function traverse shown in Fig. First  , a conventional automobile is underactuated non-holonomic  , so the mapping from C-space to action space is under-determined . Effectiveness of query removal for IR. Next we give details of how deep learning techniques such as convolution and stacking can be used to obtain hierarchical representations of the different modalities. use the same families of models for both MoIR and CLIR. In contrast to this direction of research  , relatively little research e.g. Hence  , the expanded query might exhibit query drift 9  , that is  , represent an information need different than that underlying the original query. The SCSF model is a further extension  , presented in Section 3.2.2. Soergel describes a general framework for the use of multilingual thesauri in CLIR 27   , noting that a number of operational European systems employ multilingual thesauri such as UDC and LCSH for indexing and searching. Based on Word2Vec 6  , Doc2Vec produces a word embedding vector  , given a sentence or document. The following theorem concludes that we can further bound the marginal distributions of two domains by the mapping T . The transfer function is then: The system is governed by a second-order differential equation and has the transfer function log W/Wn When a force sensor is inserted at the wrist of a robot Fig. This has a negative impact on the performance of our deep learning model since around 40% of the word vectors are randomly initialized. First  , we look at the top layer weights for field pairs: The transfer function is assumed as the diagonal matrix  , so that the Phase deg Frequency Hz x-output y-output z-output We use a query engine that implements a variation on the INQUERY 1 tf·idf scoring function to extract an ordered list of results from each of the three indices.  Which ontological query expansion terms are most suitable for which type of query terms concept  , project  , person  , organization queries ? This resulted in the icdqe run. To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. While languages like Chinese and Japanese use multiple scripts 24  , they may not illustrate the true complexity of the MSIR scenario envisaged here because there are standard rules and preferences for script usage and well defined spellings rules. The semantic match relies on the classification of pages and ads into a 6000 nodes commercial advertising taxonomy to determine their topical distance. The basic approach in 9 is to treat the problem as a search for desired functions in a large search space s. In actuality  , preparatory Mapping and Ordering steps are needed so that fast Searching can take place. The above EM procedure is ensured to converge  , which means that the log-likelihood of all observed ratings given the current model estimate is always nondecreasing. In this example  , we will show two different approaches to find the transfer function matrix. Indri structure query language model 3 is used in our two interactive runs DUTgen1 and DUTgen2. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file formats  , such as e.g. In general  , for facial expression recognition system  , there are three basic parts:  Face detection: Most of face detection methods can detect only frontal and near-frontal views of the fount. In addition  , complete identification of the system transfer function is not needed; it suffices to estimate the varying parameters. The central issue of statistical machine translation is to construct a probabilistic model between the spaces of two languages 4. The joint space mapping and modified fingertip position mapping method are exercised in the manipulation of dexterous robot hand. We use a third order model of a Hydro-Elastic Actuator to investigate the closed loop forward transfer function and the impedance of the system. We can map the tuples of a data set to lines in the dual plane and then store and query the induced arrangement. the person in charge For promptly sending warning messages to the person in charge  , a message delivery mechanism is designed in the Watchdog component. They also use a query-pruning technique  , based on word frequencies  , to speed up query execution. Research on technical preservation issues is focused on two dominant strategies  , namely migration and emulation. In a series of experiments we highlighted the importance of semantic proximity between query expansion terms and the center of user attention. The semantic association between the nodes is used to compute the edge weights query-independent while the relevance of a node to the query is used to define the node weight query- dependent. is a kernel function  , and C > 0 is the cost parameter . However  , there are mixed results using ontologies such as WordNet and MeSH for the query expansion task. Analogously to Theorem 6.5  , we get  Finally  , note that using arguments relating the topdown method of this section with join optimization techniques in relational databases  , one may argue that the context-value table principle is also the basis of the polynomial-time bound of Theorem 7.4. The elements are encoded using only two word types: the tokens spanning the phrase to be predicted are encoded with 1s and all the others with 0s. Only the umd99b1" and umd99c1" runs contributed to the relevance assessment pools. In this paper  , we study the vector offset technique in the context of the CLSM outputs. It is possible to use the out of bag error to decide when to stop adding classifiers to a random forest ensemble or bagged ensemble. However  , we employ clickthrough query-document pairs to improve segmentation accuracy and further refine the retrieval model by utilizing probabilistic query segmentation. The focus of this study is on empirical evaluation of the proposed system. In this sense  , database centric retrieval is a significantly easier problem. As a result  , queries translated using this method typically perform worse than the equivalent monolingual queries -referred to here as monolingual retrieval performance. 3 In this paper we propose a machine learning method that takes as input an ontology matching task consisting of two ontologies and a set of configurations and uses matching task profiling to automatically select the configuration that optimizes matching effectiveness. 4 showed that the lexical features of the query space and the Web document space are different  , and investigated the mapping between query words and the words in visited search results in order to perform query expansion. We also show that such dictionaries contribute to CLIR performance . A recursive function POSITION generalizing the OFFSET example is defined to give the 3- dimensional offset and orientation of the PART relative to the beginning of a hierarchy. An example of work on shared space of humans and robots is given by Tipaldi and Arras 15. In the future we plan to apply deep learning approach to other IR applications  , e.g. 16 and Nebot et al. This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. In a typical machine learning scenario h· would be selected from a pool of possible hypotheses by fitting example pairs of y and ⃗ x. Moreover  , since we apply query expansion in all our submitted runs  , we also measure the above two correlation measures without query expansion  , in order to check how query expansion affects the effectiveness of our predictors. A closer look at the transfer function T shows that it has two zeroes at FO  , and can be well approximated b\s the following expression: If the number of columns of the blocks C11 and Caa equals the dimension of the task space  , the cooperating system is " minimal " . If the mappings to the topic space are performed correctly we are able to retrieve document at a higher precision than the vector space method. Precision is defined as gcd/gcd+bcd and recall is defined as gcd/gcd+gncd were gcd is the number of documents belonging to the collection that are found  , bcd is the number of documents that do not belong to the collection that are found also called false positives and gncd is the number of documents belonging to the collection that are not found also called false negatives. On a basic level  , this is often approached by mapping discrete material properties  , e.g. the binary independent retrieval BIR model 15 and some state-of-the-art language models proposed for IR in the literature. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized  , 2 categorized  , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared  , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. We also studied the impact of spelling normalization and stemming on Arabic CLIR. Our motivation for and usage of query expansion greatly differs from this previous work  , however. For the Cross-Lingual Arabic Information retrieval  , our automatic effort concentrated on the two categories; English-Arabic Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR and monolingual information retrieval. Finally  , the GETHEURISTIC function is called on every state encountered by the search. The convenience of POE based Newton-Euler dynamics modeling of open chains  , demonstrated in 9 and 13  , has been incorporated into this work to provide a recursive formulation for computing the gradient as well. Our approach is attractive for the marketing field  , because the unobserved baseline sales  , marketing promotion effects and other specific effects are estimated by simultaneously. The classifier was trained to be conservative in handling the Non-Relevant categorization. The rules with extensional predicates can be handled very naturally in our framework. Our major contributions are a new technique referred to as the structural function inlining and a new approach to the problem of typing and optimizing structurally recursive queries. Also note the current top-k bag-of-words approach shown in GREEDY-TAAT is based entirely on the frequency counts of each item. However  , despite the importance of vision as a localization sensor  , there has been limited work on creating such a mapping for a vision sensor. In this work  , we use a similar idea as word embedding to initialize the embedding of user and item feature vectors via additional training data. The method proposed in this paper is completely automatic and no manual effort is required to the user. A first-order database is a function-free first-order theory in which the extensional database EDB  , corresponding to the data in relations  , is a set of ground having no variables positive unit clauses. In CLIR a user may use his or her native language in searching for foreign language documents 4. For example   , ;a somewhat more thorough version of the optimizer might repeat the original three phases a second time. However  , the user of a CLIR system may be bilingual to some extent. In the latter case  , 10 becomes a scalar quantity and the stability can be studied using conventional methods. shows that  , in the limit  , the relative degree of the transfer function is ill-defined. Topic 100 Points for Systems with Query Expansion. As shown in Table 2  , the extracted top translations are closely related to the source query  , even though sometimes they are not the translation equivalent of the source query. Under the assumption of identical master and slave subsystems  , that is substituting 5-8 into Furthermore. In each case  , we formed title+description queries in the same manner as for the automatic monolingual run. Finally  , we measured the performance of the proposed system that integrates the query expansion component  , document expansion component and temporal re-ranking component . Query expansion in source language reserves the room for untranslated terms by including relevant terms in advance. But combining these sources would presumably improve effectiveness of CTIR  , much as evidence combination has aided CLIR 25. , the average intensity of the stripe region  , so that the Fourier spectrums obtained from other images can be compared. IW is a simple way to deal with tensor windows by fitting the model independently. Spatial databases have numerous applications  , including geographic information systems  , medical image databases ACF+94   , multimedia databases after extracting n features from each object  , and mapping it into a point in n-d space Jaggl  , FRM94  , as well as traditional databases  , where each record with n attributes can be considered as a point in n-dimensional space Giit94. the inverse kinematics maps the world coordinate space onto the joint coordinate space  X E R " -+ q ~ R ~   l    ,  1 3  . The goal would be to efficiently obtain a measure of the semantic distance between two versions of a document. scoring  , and ranked list fusion. Phrase recognition and expansion are applied to the most likely syntactic parse obtained for a user query according to the PCFG estimated from the query log. The repair space is thus E ∪ S. We recall that a program state σ maps variables to values. Our second contribution is showing that the CAL500 data set contains useful information which can be used to train a QBSD music retrieval system. We propose an approach to estimate the translation probability of a query term according to its effect on CLIR. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. In all the simulation tests  , the parameters of the system are given by: I , In the current work we adopt a centroid-based representation  , where every dimension v i ,j corresponds to the distance between the contour point s i ,j and the contour's mass center. Additionally  , in Table 4  , we see no marked difference between using query noise reduction with query expansion on the body of the documents only  , and using query noise reduction with query expansion on more document fields. The coefficient of determination R 2 measures how well future outcomes are likely to be predicted by the statistical models. In our example  , the Semantic GrowBag uses statistical information to compute higher order co-occurrences of keywords. As introduced in Section 5.3.3  , our system implements a user recommendation functionality through a query expansion mechanism. 20 is diagonal  , the repetitive controller for each axis can be designed independently . Simulated responses of the experimental setup to 20 N disturbance force stcp are shown in Fig. In this section  , we describe how the gene lexical variants section 2.2 and the domain knowledge section 2.3 are utilized for query expansion and how the query expansion is implemented in the IR model described in section 2.4. These mapping matrices are calculated for a given coil arrangement by treating the coils as magnetic dipoles in space and are calibrated through workspace measurements as outlined in 11  , 10. where each element of I is current through each of the c coils  , B is a 3 × c matrix mapping these coil currents to the magnetic field vector B and B x   , B y   , B z are the 3 × c matrices mapping the coil currents to the magnetic field spatial gradients in the x  , y and z directions  , respectively. That means watermarking object should have the largest number of 16xl6 macro blocks. As we shall see below  , global rules are very useful for customizing the translation -the user can add to the system global rules defining special treatment for specific subtrees in the data  , while the rest of the data is handled in a standard manner by the other predefined rules of the system. , we write bias as a function of unbiased rating and unbiased rating as a function of bias. However parts with circular edges can produce ramps in the transfer function such that there is no upper bound on plan length as a function of n. In A parts feeding plan is a sequence of open loop squeezing actions specified by the orientation of the gripper. Inclusion of rare translations in a CLIR application was shown to be problematic for all three methods  , however. He used residual functions for fitting projected model and features in the image. The robot learns a sensorimotor mapping and affordance categorizations and projects the mapping into the future to exploit affordances . The main contribution of this paper is devising a method for predicting whether expansion using noun phrases will improve the retrieval effectiveness of a query. Considering the measures of relevance precision and precision at 10 documents  , it can be observed from Figure 9that FVS outperforms all other query expansion methods. While she uses salience values to describe a metric of object similarity  , we have chosen a fuzzy set approach for mapping user terminology to the represented domain knowledge  , described in more detail in Kracke@ 1. One of the simplest yet well performing approaches to CLIR is based on query translation using an existing Statistical Machine Translation SMT system which is treated as a black box. , increased model complexity  , which results in over fitting the data. Copyrights for third-party components of this work must be honored. Section 3 describes our CLIR experiments with and without our automatically discovered dictionary entries. A second sense of the word 'model' is the probabilistic sense where it refers to an explanatory model of the data. The idea behind the proposed methodology is to exploit structural similarities observed among the different monolingual projections computed with MDS to identify possible correspondences among new multilingual documents. Its correct Chinese translations result in average precision AP of 0.5914 for CLIR. The force static characteristic is single valued and would require  , for example  , an integrator to generate instability. In the provided evaluation   , the gold standard was manually created by the domain experts. Then the inverse FFT returns the resulted CoM trajectory into time domain. The max-plus model used for the computation of the first component of the transfer function matrix comes from the marking of the Petri net at time zero  , w l c h has been already described We need 10 initial conditions to determine the evolution of the net. If the mapping from problem descriptions to programs is to be rich enough to generate a sufficiently wide variety of programs  , ambiguity is an unavoidable consequence  , i.e. The predominant way in industry is ROLAP since 1 it can be deployed on any of the widely-used relational databases  , 2 industry-relevant data such as from accounting and customer relationship management often resemble star schemas 17 and 3 research has focused on optimising ROLAP approaches 15. We refer to this kind of function inlining as structural function inlining. The results indicate that query expansion based on the expansion corpus can achieve significant improvement over the baselines. We also show this in the demo. All non-RDF datasets were transformed into RDF and all string properties were set to lower case. In this paper  , however  , we plan to further investigate whether genetic programming used by GenProg has the better performance over random search  , when the actual evolutionary search has started to work. For high-dimensional similarity search  , the best-known indexing method is locality sensitive hashing LSH 17. Positing the existence of groups decouples the search space into a set of biased abstractions and could be considered a form of predicate invention 22. Our initial investigation has shown that modeling the interaction among links and attributes will likely improve model generalization and interpretability. Our second model Entity-centric estimates the relevance of each individual entity within the collection and then aggregates these scores to determine the collection's relevance. result merging  , reranking  , and query expansion modules. All three demonstrated they understood the difference between accidental and intentional acts. In CLIR  , using the query translation approach  , the semantic ambiguity of a query can degrade the performance of retrieval. Model modifications are described in Section 3. In particular  , the list of ISs and generic information about them  , such as their name  , a brief textual description of their content  , etc. Till now  , we have validated that deep learning structures  , contextual reformulations and integrations of multi-dimensions of ranking evidences are effective. The output is well-defined  , closed under the operation  , and is unique. A video demonstration can be found online: http://cs.uwaterloo.ca/~rtholmes/go/icse11demo. , the low percentage of defective entities in the target project. The current implementation of the VLBG it is based upon a graph search technique derived from Dijkstra search. LCE is a robust query expansion technique based on MRF- IR. In their follow-up work 4  , the authors proposed an incremental model by jointly learning the word embeddings along with its document embedding. Query expansion before or after automatic translation via MRD significantly reduces translation error. Gp stands for the closed loop transfer function of the position controlled system in free motion  , from motor setpoint to link position. In all the comparisons  , our query expansion method which uses explicit expansion concept is denoted as EEC. We remind the reader that the generalized upon the strategies chosen by all the other players  , but also each player's strategy set may depend on the rival players' strategies. The reflected output is the rigid joint position minus the elastic deflection of the tip of the flexible link32. We also compared our method with genetic programming based repair techniques. One of our merits is that we consider comprehensive factors including linguistic   , statistical  , and CLIR aspects to predict T . Shown is also the error plot illustrating the deviation e Ajx   , Ajx for all possible x. An additional probabilistic model is that of Fuhr 4. Because it is difficult to build a feature space directly  , instead kernel functions are used to implicitly define the feature space. In the past query-expansion on web-results has been shown to be useful for ad retrieval2. When users ask for a particular region  , a small cube within the data space  , we can map all the points in the query to their index and evaluate the query conditions over the resulting rows. This paper investigated a framework of Multi-Kernel Locality- Sensitive Hashing by exploring multiple kernels for efficient and scalable content-based image retrieval. We start with the metafeatures shared by all models of this class and then take a closer look at the Deep Structured Semantic Model 20. in  The page-level results of semantic prediction are inevitably not accurate enough  , due to the inter-site variations and weak features used to characterize vertical knowledge. Multiply translations act as the query expansion. Deep learning approaches generalize the distributional word matching problem to matching sentences and take it one step further by learning the optimal sentence representations for a given task. The use of a solid arrow to make this connection denotes that this mapping from the problem level to the solution level facilitates two goals  , in this case both the generation of new variants and also expedited navigation. However  , the techniques we use in building the trees  , in particular the choice of variables and values used to split nodes of the tree  , are fairly distinct. Automatic query expansion does not increase recall  , but significantly increases precision. Depending on the language  , it may be possible to deduce appropriate transliterated translations automatically. Namely  , let W be the function mapping the space of Yfeatures to the weights: The recursive function is defined as: Solve formula 16 by dynamic programing to learn the indication vector E = {e1  , e2  , ..  , em} and send sequence si to query for labeling if ei = 1. be achieved with total number of elements less than or equal to j using sequences up to i. The test collections are the TREC5 Chinese track  , the TREC9 cross-lingual track and the TREC5 Spanish track Voorhees and Harman  , 1997; Voorhees and Harman  , 2000. First comparative experiments only focused on the querytranslation model. A second experiment dealt with score normalisation. For German  , texts from the Swiss newspaper "Neue Zürcher Zeitung" NZZ for 1994 were also added. In this work we use the Jelinek–Mercer method for smoothing instead of the Good Turing approach used by Song. The model is significantly different from other recently proposed models in that it does not attempt to translate either the query or the documents. The probability that a query T 1   , T 2   , · · ·   , T n of length n is generated by the language model of the document with identifier D is defined by the following equation: Incidentally  , we start the discussion regarding related work with publication that had to do with query expansion. In the example it will generate the two clusters C 1   , A 1  and C 2   , A 2  visualized in Figure 1b. The robot learns a sensorimotor mapping and affordance categorizations or proto-symbols and uses the mapping for primitive navigation to exploit affordances. It therefore seems to be a good candidate for further study  , and an appropriate choice if a method 12bottom. However  , we cannot search the C-Space in the same manner with conventional obstacle avoidance problems because graspless manipulation may be irreversible and regrasping causes discontinuous ' ?jump " in this C-Space. The features used for relevance prediction are an extension of those used in the 28. Realizing this  , we use tree-based representation as motion knowledge and construct the system using tree-based representation. Fast Fourier Transform FFT has been applied to get the Fourier transform for each short period of time. The query is then expanded with the top 5 source terms. Interested readers can reference that paper or  The details of our system and methodology for Genetic Programming GP are discussed in our Robust track paper. On the other hand  , the deep learning-based approaches show stronger generalization abilities. Queries are then reformulated by replacing the predicates with the definition of their equivalent or subsumed predicates view unfolding. Fig 10 depictsthe experimental set up. We start from a theoretical model based on Game Theory   , which builds on a few assumptions and leads us to our first result  , linking TCT with inclination to risk. In this approach  , the actual contact forces shall be available via force sensors and assigned to be the desired vector Z  , such that the objective function as shown in Eq. The way RaPiD7 is applied varies significantly depending on the case. This is also supported by the result that a topic-independent query expansion failed to improve search performances for some of the CSIs. CLIR features are the key to learning what characteristics make a term favorable or adverse for translation. Figure 5 shows that performances of CyCLaDEs are quite similar. At the beginning of the interpretation of the given function  , the argument values are assigned with value and reference dependencies of themselves. First  , the traditional goal of query expansion has been to improve recall potentially at the expense of precision in a retrieval task. For each selected name  , we then manually cluster all the articles in Medline written by that name. Second  , the input to make chamber A fully filling  , xaf  , is 0.4  , and the input to make chamber B fully filling  , xbf  , is -0. On Persons 1  , the three curves are near -coincidental  , while in the case of ACM-DBLP  , the best performance of the proposed system was achieved in the first iteration itself hence  , two curves are coincidental. We consider automatic lexicon acquisition techniques to be a key issue for any sort of dictionary-based efforts in IR  , CLIR in particular . Using deviance measures  , e.g. This effectively pushes the embeddings for the text words and the code tokens towards each other: if wt is a word embedding and w k is a token embedding  , both with the same norm  , the logistic sigmoid in Equation 1 is maximized when w k = wt. The retrieval model we use to rank video shots is a generative model inspired by the language modelling approach to information retrieval 2  , 1  and a similar probabilistic approach to image re- trieval 5. An alternative strategy to cope with the problem is the approach based on statistical translation 2: A query term can be a translation of any word in a document which may be different from  , but semantically related to the query term; and the relevance of a document given a query is assumed proportional to the translation probability from the document to the query. More specifically  , referring to Figure 5  , we would like to design a controller to trade-off minimizing the norm of the transfer function from reference input Y d to the tracking error e tracking performance  , the transfer function from the disturbance d to the output y disturbance attenuation  , the transfer function from T to q robust stability   , and the transfer function from reference input Y d ~ . From the CLIR viewpoint  , MT is not regarded as a promising approach. Using the above mapping  , the remaining parameter of the amplifier model eq 4a  , internal resistance  , was determined by fitting estimated terminal voltage during an experiment to actual  , using the MATLAB" To calculate the estimated motor current  , the output of eq 3 was fit to the real motor current using actual terminal voltage. As an illustrative example of the parameterized query expansion in action  , consider the verbose query " What is the current role of the civil air patrol and what training do participants receive ? " This type of model is not new in the literature 41  , 10  but they have not been extensively studied   , perhaps due to the lack of empirical data fitting the implied distribution. Definition 1. Finally  , our model can be used to provide a measure of the triadic closure strength differentially between graph collections  , investigating the difference in opt for the subgraph frequencies of different graph collections. This approach integrates IQE directly into query formulation  , giving help at a stage in the search when it can positively affect query quality  , and possibly supporting the development of improved expansion strategies by searchers. Using MCMC  , we queried for the probability of an individual being a ProblemLoan. The First- Match FM technique is used for term selection from a given entry in the MRD 8. This paper presented the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval. This technique was proposed to mitigate the efficiency issue caused by operating a large index  , for that a smaller index loads faster  , occupies less disk space  , and has better query throughput. The data that was used in the experimental results can be obtained at https: //sourceforge.net/p/jhu-axxb/ In the AX = XB case  , for each point  , we found its closest point on the model and computed the sum squared difference between them. Our query expansion method is based on the probabilistic models described above. In almost all type of applications  , it would be sufficient to set Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. 9 shows experimentally that most of the terms words in a collection are distributed according to a low dimension n-Poisson model. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects  , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. We use statistical information criteria during the search to dynamically determine which features are to be included into the model. This has a depressing effect on CLIR performance  , as such expressions are often prime keys in queries. The identified dynamics of the valve  , the Auid  , and the force sensor are given by a 10th order transfer function with two delays. In routing  , the system uses a query and a list of documents that have been identified as relevant or not relevant to construct a classification rule that ranks unlabeled documents according to their likelihood of relevance. Different from LSA and its variants  , our model learns a projection matrix  , which maps the term-vector of a document onto a lower-dimensional semantic space  , using a supervised learning method. The successive samples evolve from a large population with many redundant data points to a small population with few redundant data points. By using and extending Pearson's method 15   , mapping tables containing only 128 characters are produced . Thus  , we both use a Japanese corpus to validate the hypothetical katakana sequences. This shows stronger learning and generalization abilities of deep learning than the hand-crafted features. Guidance was provided to modify the SMM in order to allow for a broader interpretation of relevance 4 RFP 103— " All documents which describe  , refer to  , report on  , or mention any " in-store "   , " on-counter "   , " point of sale "   , or other retail marketing campaign for cigarettes. " This has been observed in some early studies 8. Fitting an individiral skeleton model to its motion data is the routine identification task rary non-ridd pose with sparse featme points. We thus segment the color image with different resolutions see Section IV-A. A solution to a game describes classes of strategies for how best to play a game. We argued in 14 that annotating medical images with information available from LODD can eventually improve their search and navigation through additional semantic links. Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist  , too. In the M-step  , we fix the posteriors and update Λ that maximizes Equation 8. However  , accurately estimating these probabilities is difficult for generative probabilistic language modeling techniques. Stories are represented as a thumbnail image along with a score thermometer  , a relevance bar to the left of each thumbnail  , with stories listed in relevance order. the selection of the correct translation words from the dictionary. Using two Twitter datasets  , our results show that the new Word Embedding-based metrics outperform the PMI/LSA-based ones in capturing the coherence of topics in terms of robustness and efficientness. Links are labeled with sets of keywords shared by related documents. , asking humans to pick expansion terms does not improve average performance. According to the results in Tables 3 and 4  , the query expansion mechanism on fields is shown to be robust with various query expansion settings. The possible worlds semantics  , originally put forward by Kripke for modal logics  , is commonly used for representing knowledge with uncertainties. Automatic query expansion is more desirable in a deployed system  , but the uncertain quality of the expansion terms can confuse the evaluation. One advantage of this is that the high dimensional representation  , e.g. The obtained experimental results have shown its effectiveness in efficiently generating translation equivalents of various unknown query terms and improving retrieval performance for conventional CLIR approaches. Query expansion adds terms and possibly reweighs original query terms  , so as to more effectively express the original information need. In this submission  , we introduce a semi-supervised approach suitable for streaming settings that uses word embedding clusters and temporal relevance to represent entity contexts. The results show that the performance of the expansion on tie-breaking could improve the performance. Instead of assuming a mechanical model  , we have decided to estimate a transfer function directly from the frequency response data. How can we generate efficient code for a query like the one shown in Figure 1  , in view of the user-defined recursive function it involves. To prove the applicability of our technique  , we developed a system for aggregating and retrieving online newspaper articles and broadcast news stories. This indicates that even without considering language constructs in the question  , relation based query expansion can still perform better than cooccurrence based query expansion. Note that these events are not necessarily represented by a single sentence in Wikipedia. Here 2 × cs denotes the length of the context for the sentence sequence. There are additional details that concern how to preserve the data structure which holds the mapping of disk pages to buffer pages. Moreover  , our study sheds light on how to learn road segment importance from deep learning models. Kraaij 8 showed successful use of the widely used BableFish 6 translation service based on Systran. To avoid using reflection   , a method is generated for each analyser that sorts all the " visit " method calls in a switch in function of the operator ids. Given a query topic Qs = {s1  , s2  , ..  , sn} in source language   , conventional query translation methods endeavor to find a set of translated terms Qt = {t1  , t2  , ..  , tm} in target language. Following Csikszentmihalyi's theory of Flow 12  , a state of deep immersion is a good foundation for high performance independent of the concrete task at hand. However the results are suggestive of the existence of some semantic distance effect  , with an inverse correlation between semantic distance and relevance assessment  , dependant on position in the subject hierarchy  , direction of term traversal and other factors. The objective is to identify features that are correlated with or predictive of the class label. Besides using statistical features such as term frequency  , proximity and relative position to the question key words  , our methods also include syntactic information derived through parsing  , and semantic features like word senses  , POS tagging and keyword expansion etc. The numbers in table 1 show that the CLIR approach in general outperforms our baseline. We opt for ADD-BASIC as the composition model unless noted otherwise. The criterion used to1 detect this phenomena comes from the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 13. The results in Table 2also show that the multi-probe LSH method is substantially more space and time efficient than the entropy-based approach. The first term corresponds to costdata|model  , which are the cost to transfer the labels of each continuous point  , and the rest corresponds to penaltymodel  , which describes the coding book of labels and necessary delimiters. This empirical model has been derived by fitting trends to experimental data conducted in agar gel as a tissue phantom. doing initial retrieval using a dictionary translation  , and then improving this translation using the alignments  , as outlined above. if f is recursively defined   , the meaning of f is given by the least fixed point of the higher-order and non-recursive function Af.e see Sch86 . We explain the work about question answering from database or knowledge base using deep learning in which only question answer pairs and the database or knowledge base are used in construction of the system 4  , 28  , 38  , 41  , 1  , 43  , 42 We introduce the recent progress in image retrieval using deep learning in which only images and their associated texts questions are used as training data 15  , 14  , 17  , 36  , 24  , 23. Documents were then ranked based on the combined scores. Another example of visualization techniques of this category is self-organizing map SOM. Several papers 12 13 report that proximity scoring is effective when the query consists of multiple words. This is probably why more efforts are put into the preparation work when using JAD  , and why with JAD the typical " from preparation to a finished document -time " is longer than with RaPiD7. , most relevant songs e.g. Additionally  , the annotation tool features a search box above the policy  , which enables annotators to search for key terms or phrases within the policy before selecting an answer. We discuss related work and future directions for this research in Section 5 and Section 6  , respectively. Hence  , the scatter plot can show  , among others  , documents referring to both the topic " Semantic Desktop " and one or more persons who are of specific interest to the users documents plotted above both axes. By the mapping function F  , the reduced motion zk is extracted t o the joint angles of the robot 9k. Their correct translation therefore is crucial for good performance of machine translation MT and cross-language information retrieval CLIR systems. To copy otherwise  , or republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. If types conflict  , HyDRA assists in the conflict's resolution. The characteristics of requiring very little engineering by hand makes it easily discover interesting patterns from large-scale social media data. However  , CLIR is a difficult problem to solve on the basis of MT alone: queries that users typically enter into a retrieval system are rarely complete sentences and provide little context for sense disambiguation. Our learning to rank method is based on a deep learning model for advanced text representations using distributional word embeddings . The closed loop transfer function governing the system's response in the NS mode is: The system's response is 2nd order. RQ2 is designed to answer the question. F * e = 0  , the interaction impedance is the transfer function between its reaction force and the external motion that this environment 3For environment with no internal force i.e. The above formula is obtained by just assuming that the probability that an instance is positive is equal to the product of probability  , Pr+|F a Pr+|Ea. In our ongoing experiments we are investigating both of these techniques  , however the experiments described here focus only on query expansion. Random forests provide information on how well features helps to separate classes and give insight on which ones help to characterize centrally relevant documents about an entity in a stream. We are going to create JoBimText models 30 and extend those to interconnected graphs  , where we introduce new semantic relations between the nodes. This work has demonstrated that incorporating the characteristics of related instances into statistical models improves the accuracy of attribute predictions. It uses a non-logic based textual similarity to discover services. We design a Multi-Label Random Forest MLRF classifier whose prediction costs are logarithmic in the number of labels and which can make predictions in a few milliseconds using 10 GB of RAM. , English and Chinese  , and study the CLQS performance change due to the less strong correspondence among queries in such languages. Calibration data was obtained by scanning the MAST sensor across the tube bundle to obtain data for both the y and z axes.