Parameter values of = 0.4 and M inP ts = 200 were chosen through empirical investigation. Our results have brought to light the positive impact of the first stage of our approach which can be viewed as a voting mechanism over different views. We took great care to match the SHORE/C++ implementation as closely as possible  , including using the same C library random number generator and initializing it with the same seed so as to generate the same sequence of random numbers used to build the OO7 benchmark database and to drive the benchmark traversals. These properties are considered as random influence. Now  , we can calculate the speed-up factor of IncrementalDBSCAN versus DBSCAN. Query likelihood retrieval model 1  , which assumes that a document generates a query  , has been shown to work well for ad-hoc information retrieval. proposed the Incremental-DBSCAN in 2. Then  , DBSCAN visits the next object of the database D. The retrieval of density-reachable objects is performed by successive region queries. PLSA is a latent variable model that has a probabilistic point of view. Thus  , our PIRCS system may also be viewed as a combination of the probabilistic retrieval model and a simple language model. Antoniol  , Canfora  , Casazza  , DeLucia  , and Merlo 3 used the vector space model and a probabilistic model to recover traceability from source code modules to man pages and functional requirements. This work is also closely related to the retrieval models that capture higher order dependencies of query terms. Relevance measurements were integrated within a probabilistic retrieval model for reranking of results. With respect to RQ2 cluster stability scores can be used help determine the optimum number of clusters and evaluate the " goodness " of the resulting clusters 7. Therefore  , in a probabilistic model for video retrieval shots are ranked by their probability of having generated the query. Table 2 summarizes results obtained by conc-PLSA  , Fusion- LM and voted-PLSA averaged over five languages and 10  ferent initializations. An effective thesaurus-based technique must deal with the problem of word polysemy or ambiguity  , which is particularly serious for Arabic retrieval. The results show PLSA model can improve the quality of recommending. In our work  , We employ PLSA 3 to analyze a user's interest by investigating his previously asked questions and accordingly generate fine-grained question recommendation . Notice that the semantic features are probabilities while word features are word counts or absolute frequencies. In order to generate gold standard for representative phrases  , we utilize both the true DSR ratings and human annotation. The parameters of the final PLSA model are first initialized using the documents that have been pre-assigned to the selected cluster signatures. We chose probabilistic structured queries PSQ as our CLIR baseline because among vector space techniques for CLIR it presently yields the best retrieval effectiveness. The model supports probabilistic indexing 9  , however we implement a simplified version in which only estimates of O or 1 are used for the probability that a document has a feature. If Model 3 constitutes a valid schema for this kind of a search situation  , we see that it should be applicable not only to the document retrieval problem but for other kinds of search and retrieval situations as well. Documents are then assigned to each topic using the maximum posterior probability. Further  , we also see in Figure 3and Figure 4that across different settings of K  , in most cases the averaged performance of LapPLSA exceeds that of pLSA. The model assumes that the relevance relationship between a document and a user's query cannot be determined with certainty. These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. The most representative terms generated by CTM and PLSA are shown in Table 1. The DBSCAN technique was modified with KD-trees to reduce the computational complexity. Probabilistic Information Retrieval IR model is one of the most classical models in IR.  published search reports can be used to learn to rank and provide significant retrieval improvements ? We argue that the current indexing models have not led to improved retrieval results. In our experiments  , we use the gensim implementation of skipgram models 2 . The 7th to 11th column of Table 1shows the results of the precision of the PLSA-based image selection when the number of topics k varied from 10 to 100. We set the context window size m to 10 unless otherwise stated. As expected  , the diversification results of IA-select based on both pLSA and on LapPLSA are sensitive to the change of the parameter K. In particular  , there is no clear correlation between the number of clusters and the end-to-end diversification performance  , which further suggests the difficulty of finding an optimal K that would fit for a set of queries. Furthermore. For many of the past TREC experiments  , our system has been demonstrated to provide superior effectiveness  , and last year it was observed that PIRCS is one of few automatic systems that provides many unique relevant documents in the judgment pool VoHa98.  We propose the Autoregressive Sentiment Aware ARSA model for product sales prediction  , which reflects the effects of both sentiments and past sales performance on future sales performance. TL-PLSA outperforms the other three approaches  , especially in terms of precision  , when there is a large percentage of unshared classes Figure 5. The probabilistic annotation model can handle multi-word queries while the direct retrieval approach is limited to 1 word queries at this time. Instead of decomposing X into A and S  , PLSA gives the probabilities of motifs in latent components. All Permission to copy without ~ee all or part o~ this material is granted provided th;ot the copyright notice a~ the "Organization o~ the 1~86-ACM Con~erence an Research and Development in Information Retrieval~ and the title o~ the publication and it~ date appear. As we can see SPARCL also perfectly identifies the shape-based clusters in these datasets. The contribution that each of the top ranked documents makes to this model is directly related to their retrieval score for the initial query. The results and evaluations are reported in Section 5. |1 ∼ 0.21 to around 10 by = 200. pLSA displays a higher relevance probability due to the nature of the recommendation task on this dataset. Laplacian pLSA employs a generalized version of EM to maximize the regularized log-likelihood of the topic model  , L: 5 to regularize the implicit topic model. query terms rather than document terma because they were investigating probabilistic retrieval Model 2 of Robertson et.al. In contrast to ARSA  , where we use a multi-dimensional probability vector produced by S-PLSA to represent bloggers' sentiments  , this model uses a scalar number of blog mentions to indicate the degree of popularity. However  , it requires the setting of two parameters: DBSCAN does not require the definition a-priori of the number of clusters to extract. the binary independent retrieval BIR model 15 and some state-of-the-art language models proposed for IR in the literature. In ROBE81 a similar retrieval model  , the 80 251 called two-poisson-independence TPI model is described. First  , PLSA is a probabilistic model which offers the convenience of the highly consistent probabilistic framework. The results indicate that the improvements of R-LTR-NTN plsa and R-LTR-NTN doc2vec over R- LTR are significant p-value < 0.05  , in terms of all of the performance measures. To find a cluster  , DBSCAN starts with an arbitrary object p in D and retrieves all objects of D density-reachable from p with respect to Eps and MinPfs. Of course  , in this example DBSCAN itself could have found the two clusters. It is generally agreed that the probabilistic approach provides a sound theoretical basis for the development of information retrieval systems. As an illustrative example  , Figure 1shows the average relevance distribution estimate resulting for the Lemur Indri search system and the pLSA recommender –which we use as baselines in our experiments in section 4. The PLM at a position of a document would be estimated based on the propagated word counts from the words at all other positions in the document. Performance on the official TREC-8 ad hoc task using our probabilistic retrieval model is shown in Figure 7. Please note in all of the experiments  , PAMM-NTN was configured to direct optimize the evaluation measure of α-NDCG@20. One of the main reasons why the probabilistic model bas not been widely accepted is; pemaps  , due to its computational complexity. Figure 1show an example where no global density threshold exists that can separate all three natural clusters  , and consequently  , DBSCAN cannot find the intrinsic cluster structure of the dataset. One salient feature of our modeling is the judicious use of hyperparameters  , which can be recursively updated in order to obtain up-to-date posterior distribution and to estimate new model parameters. From Table 1  , we see that PLSA extracts reasonable topics . Once a voting pattern is obtained for each multilingual document  , we attempt to group documents such that in each group  , documents share similar voting patterns. We keep the C largest groups with the most documents as initial clusters. Representative examples include the Probabilistic Indexing model that studies how likely a query term is assigned to a relevant document 17  , the RSJ model that derives a scoring function on the basis of the log-ratio of probability of relevance 20  , to name just a few. They use both a probabilistic information retrieval model and vector space models. For example  , the R-LTR-NTN that using PLSA as document representations is denoted as R-LTR-NTN plsa . The model is significantly different from other recently proposed models in that it does not attempt to translate either the query or the documents. PLSA found components with rare and long motifs. We provide a probabilistic model for image retrieval problem. The picture is a little worse for average attacks. RSJ relevance weighting of query terms was proposed in 1976 5 as an alternative term weighting of 2 when relevant information is available. In DBSCAN a cluster is defined as a set of densely-connected points controlled by  which maximize density-reachability and must contain at least M inP ts points. Among the applications for a probabilistic model are i accurate search and retrieval from Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. k since for each core point there are at least MinPts points excluding itself within distance Eps. For the chosen innovation problem  , the evaluators were presented with the lists of 30 top-ranked suggestions generated by ad- Words  , hyProximity mixed approach and Random Indexing. Many models for ranking functions have been proposed previously  , including vector space model 43   , probabilistic model 41 and language model 35 . Further more  , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data. Thus the E-step remains the same. Both of these models estimate the probability of relevance of each document to the query. As documents belonging to each of these groups received by definition similar votes from the view-specific PLSA models  , the voting pattern representing each of these groups is called the cluster signature. The amount of components looked for with ICA  , NMF and PLSA methods was 200  , and the frequency threshold percentage for finding about 200 frequent sets was 10%. Advantages of these schemes include the ability to segment non convex shapes  , identify noise  , and automatically estimate the number of partitions in a data set.  The ranking loss performance also varies a lot across different DSRs. It uses R*-tree to achieve better performance. The accuracy and effectiveness of our model have been confirmed by the experiments on the movie data set. The 2006 legal track provides an uniform simulation of legal text requests in real litigation  , which allows IR researchers to evaluate their retrieval systems in the legal domain. We show later that the ALSH derived from minhash  , which we call asymmetric minwise hashing MH-ALSH  , is more suitable for indexing set intersection for sparse binary vectors than the existing ALSHs for general inner products. In our case  , the nodes of the graph are documents and the edge weights are defined as the closeness in location between two documents. Then  , the distribution of the scores of all documents in a library is modelled by the random variable To derive the document score distribution in step 2  , we can view the indexing weights of term t in all documents in a library as a random variable X t . Furthermore  , our empirical work suggests that in the case of unambiguous queries for which conventional IR techniques are sufficient  , NAR reduces to standard IR automatically. The probabilistic retrieval model also relies on an adjustment for document length 3. The topic pattern First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach.  Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. In the first step  , we propose a topic modeling method  , called Structured PLSA  , modeling the dependency structure of phrases in short comments. The first probabilistic model captures the retrieval criterion that a document is relevant if any passage in the document is relevant. We apply DBSCAN to generate the baseclusters using a parameter setting as suggested in 8 and as refinement method with paramter settings for ε and minpts as proposed in Section 3.4. In Section 3  , we discuss the characteristics of online discussions and specifically  , blogs  , which motivate the proposal of S-PLSA in Section 4. Table 2 shows results on further metrics  , showing also the diversification of the popularity-based recommender baseline  , in addition to pLSA. While results are relatively stable with respect to γ  , we find that the performance of diversification with topic models is rather sensitive to the parameter K. In Section 6  , we will discuss the impact of K on the diversification results using our framework. Several follow-up work tries to address the limitations of TSM from different perspectives. Only over pLSA in MovieLens we observe mixed results  , with xQuAD producing better values on α-nDCG and nDCG-IA respectively  , while RxQuAD is best on ERR-IA  , and pure diversity –as measured by S-precision@r and S-recall. The shakwat group University of Paris 8 experimented with a random-walk approach using a space built using semantic indexing  , and containing the blog posts  , as well as the headlines  , in a window around the date of the topic. It is worth noting that although we have only used S- PLSA for the purpose of prediction in this work  , it is indeed a model general enough to be applied to other scenarios. It is a probabilistic model that considers documents as binary vectors and ranks them in order of their probability of relevance given a query according to the Probability Ranking Principle 2. Cohn and Hofmann combine PLSA and PHITS together and derive a unified model from text contents and citation information of documents under the same latent space 4. As the baseline we use the state of the art adWords keyword recommender from Google that finds similar topics based on their distribution in textual corpora and the corpora of search queries. Probabilistic models have been successfully applied in document ranking  , such as the traditional probabilistic model 23  , 13  , 24 and stochastic language model 21  , 15  , 29 etc. 10 uses a 2-Poisson model for including term frequency-based probabilities in the probabilistic retrieval model. Our intuition is derived from the observation that the data in two domains may share some common topics  , since the two domains are assumed to be relevant. Compared with Unstructured PLSA  , this method models the co-occurrence of head terms at the level of the modifiers they use instead of at the level of comments they occur. The incrementing of document scores in this way is ba.sed on a probabilistic model of retrieval described in Croft's paper. Second  , in most cases  , the W value of those combined resources are in between occasionally above the resources that are combined. Intuitively  , user communities grouped by basic PLSA model can represent interest topics towards item categories. In this paper we introduce a probabilistic information retrieval model. In some cases  , our structured queries even attain a better retrieval performance than the title queries on the same topic. Although the most popular is still undoubtedly the vector space model proposed by Salton 19   , many new or complementary alternatives have been proposed  , such as the Probabilistic Model 16. Intuitively  , ωt ,j represents the average fraction of the sentiment " mass " that can be attributed to the hidden sentiment factor j. where pz = j|bb ∈ Bt are obtained based a trained S- PLSA model. Compared with these alternative approaches  , PLSA with conjugate prior provides a more principled and unified way to tackle all the challenges. We chose PIR models because we could extend them to model data dependencies and correlations the critical ingredients of our approach in a more principled manner than if we had worked with alternate IR ranking models such as the Vector-Space model. In this paper  , we proposed a novel probabilistic model for blog opinion retrieval. On the flip side  , DBSCAN can be quite sensitive to the values of eps and MinPts  , and choosing correct values for these parameters is not that easy. Figure 2 shows the recallprecision curves for the results of executing 19 queries with the two retrieval mechanisms LSA and probabilistic model supported in CodeBroker. ing e.g. Can we quantitatively prove that NetPLSA extracts better communities than PLSA ? The proposed model is guided by the principle that given the normalized frequency of a term in a document   , the score is proportional to the likelihood that the normalized tf is maximum with respect to its distribution in the elite set for the corresponding term. Web queries are often short and ambiguous. Rather than applying each separately  , it is reasonable to merge them into a joint probabilistic model with a common set of underlying topics as shown in Fig. One major goal of us is to evaluate the effect of a probabilistic retrieval model on the legal domain. Experiments were conducted on an IMDB dataset to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed approach by comparing the prediction accuracy of ARSA using S-PLSA + and that of the original ARSA. Recently  , the PRF principle has also been implemented within the language modeling framework. The difference in unexpectedness is significant only in the case of Random Indexing vs. baseline. This model shows that documents should be ranked according to the score These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. However  , because objects are organized into lineal formations  , the larger Eps is  , the larger void pad is. This paper looks at the three grand probabilistic retrieval models: binary independent retrieval BIR  , Poisson model PM  , and language modelling LM. For example  , given the fundamentally different from these efforts is the importance given to word distributions: while the previous approaches aim to create joint models for words and visual features some even aim to provide a translation between the two modalities 7  , database centric probabilistic retrieval aims for the much simpler goal of estimating the visual feature distributions associated with each word. In addition  , we plan to apply the EM method and PLSA model to promoting diversity on Genomics research. One possible reason for this could be the fact that the parameter of DBSCAN is a global parameter and cannot be adjusted per-cluster. However  , applying the probabilistic IR model into legal text retrieval is relatively new. First  , our proposal performs consistently better than the best DBScan results obtained with cmin = 3. In the information retrieval domain  , the systems are based on three basic models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model. Moreover  , DBSCAN requires a human participant to determine the global parameter Eps. Additionally  , if we were to pick the minimum-cost solution out of multiple trials for the local search methods  , the differences in the performance between BBC-Press vs. DBSCAN and Single Link becomes even more substantial  , e.g. Comparing to the distributions computed with PLSA  , we see that with Net- PLSA  , we can get much smoother distributions. Second  , using clickthrough data for model training by extending PLSA to BLTM  , leads to a significant improvement Rows 4 and 5 vs. Two well known probabilistic approaches to retrieval are the Robertson and Sparck Jones model 14 and the Croft and Harper model 3 . For each component z we pick the motifs w whose probability P w|z is significantly larger than zero. The results also indicate that the improvements of PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa and PAMM- NTNα-NDCG doc2vec over all of the baselines are significant   , in terms of all of the performance measures. Probabilistic Retrieval Model for Semistructured Data PRMS 14  is a unigram bag-ofwords model for ad-hoc structured document retrieval that learns a simple statistical relationship between the intended mapping of terms in free-text queries and their frequency in different document fields. So MinP ts must be large enough to distinguish noise and clusters. The probabilistic model of retrieval 20 does this very clearly  , but the language model account of what retrieval is about is not that clear. From results presented in Section 4  , the indications are that the most unstable clusters clusters 8  , 9 and 10 should probably have formed part of other more stable clusters. 2 presented an incremental automatic question recommendation framework based on PLSA. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query generated from a document 9.