The results in the previous section show that our cohort modeling techniques using pre-defined features can more accurately estimate users' individual click preferences as represented via an increased number of SAT clicks than our competitive baseline method. For TREC-7 and TDT-2 we had been using PRISE  , but our interest in trying out Pirkola's technique for CLIR led to our choice of Inquery for CLIR TREC-8. The SemSets method 7 proposed for entity list search utilizes the relevance of entities to automatically constructed categories i.e. In particular  , the information about a click on the previous document is particularly important. Furthermore  , since NST@Self actually measures an individual's aspiration for variety  , we compared two model-free methods widely adopted in information theory: shannon 37  , which calculates the conditional entropy. The BSBM SPARQL queries are designed in such a way that they contain different types of queries and operators  , including SELECT/CONTRUCT/DESCRIBE  , OPTIONAL  , UNION. This makes using methods developed for automatic machine translation problematic. As can be seen from these two tables  , our LRSRI approach outperforms other imputation methods  , especially for the case that both drive factors and effort labels are incomplete. This model is then converted into a vector representation as mentioned above. In each case  , we formed title+description queries in the same manner as for the automatic monolingual run. At the meta-broker end  , we believe that our results can also be helpful in the design of the target scoring function  , and in distinguishing cases where merging results is meaningful and cases where it is not. Coefficients greater than ±0.5 with statistical significant level < 0.05 are marked with a * . , SH and AGH  , we randomly sample 3000 data points as the training set; for the point-wise supervised method SSH  , we additionally sample 1000 data points with their concept labels; for the list-wise supervised methods i.e. This corresponds to the user inspection of the retrieved documents. A full list of 26 questions  , 150 questions from WebQuestions  , and 100 questions from QALD could be found on our website. Thus  , four distances and their correlation with AP were evaluated. Despite this partial exploitation of the potential of the CS in providing virtual views of the DL  , its introduction has brought a number of other important advantages to the CYCLADES users. 21 used dynamic programming for hierarchical topic segmentation of websites. After word segmentation we get a sequence of meaningful words from each text query. When a non-square matrix A is learned for dimensionality reduction   , the resulting problem is non-convex  , stochastic gradient descent and conjugate gradient descent are often used to solve the problem. We choose questions from two standard Q&A questions and answers test sets  , namely  , QALD and WebQuestions as query contexts and ask a group of users to construct queries complying with these questions and check the results with the answers in the test sets. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM is built like that 5. To measure how determining trust values may impact query execution times we use our tSPARQL query engine with a disabled trust value cache to execute the extended BSBM. In all experiments on the four benchmark collections  , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. On the Coupling Map  , areas of relatively high coupling   , or hot spots  , are represented by darker lines and areas of relatively low coupling  , or cool spots  , are represented by lighter lines. The CYCLADES system users do not know anything about the provenance of the underlying content. 10 . , projection  , duplicate elimination that have no influence on the emptiness of the query output. For example  , in BMEcat the prices of a product are valid for different territories and intervals  , in different types and currencies  , but all prices relate to the same customer no multi-buyer catalogs. Section 4 addresses the hidden graph as a random graph. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. For each interface modeled we created a storyboard that contained the frames  , widgets  , and transitions required to do all the tasks  , and then demonstrated the tasks on the storyboard. For evaluation purposes  , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. They tend to explicitly leverage highly-dynamic features like late binding of names  , meta-programming  , and " monkey patching "   , the ability to arbitrarily modify the program's AST. Finally  , Section 5 describes our future plans. 1633-2008 for a fitting software reliability growth model. Word embedding techniques seek to embed representations of words. The shapes of the bodies are various for each person. We explain this by the fact that other factors  , such as clicks on previous documents  , are also memorized by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D .  WMD  , a word embedding-based framework using the Word Mover's Distance 15  to measure the querydocument relevance  , based on a word embedding vector set trained from Google News 19. The optimization problem of join order selection has been extensively studied in the context of relational databases 12  , 11  , 16. For a given resource  , we use this generator to decide the number of owl:sameAs statements that link this resource with other randomly chosen resources. The retrieval engine used for the Ad Hoc task is based on generative language models and uses cross-entropy between query and document models as main scoring criterion. Having validated the proposed semantic similarity measure   , in Section 4 we begin to explore the question of applications   , namely how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. The search logs used in this study consist of a list of querydocument pairs  , also known as clickthrough data. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. To introduce our general concept of feature-model compositionality   , we assume that two feature models Mx and My are composed to M x /y = Mx M C My . To explain user browsing behavior at lower positions  , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D considers other factors to be more important. The above measure of pD depends on our knowledge of the relevance probability of every document in the set to the query. The probabilistic model of retrieval 20 does this very clearly  , but the language model account of what retrieval is about is not that clear. 2014. Our goal is to assess the UMLS Metathesaurus based CLIR approach within this context. S is the sensitivity transfer function matrix. A summary of the results is reported in Table 1. One method  , the VP-tree 36  , partitions the data space into spherical cuts by selecting random reference points from the data. The major problem that multi-query optimization solves is how to find common subexpressions and to produce a global-optimal query plan for a group of queries. We apply pooling to aggregate information along the word sequence. , s2. The joint motion can be obtained by local optimization of a single performance criterion or multiple criteria even though local methods may not yield the best joint trajectory. In this paper we are in­ terestcd in problems with tree-like linkage structures. However   , there are two difficulties in calculating stochastic gradient descents. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. pLSA has shown promise in ad hoc information retrieval  , where it can be used as a semantic smoothing technique. In the context of traditional materialized views  , maximum benefit is obtained when the view stores a " small " result obtained by an " expensive " computation  , as it is the case with aggregates . , precision and purity. Modeling and feature selection is integrated into the search over the space of database queries generating feature candidates involving complex interactions among objects in a given database. Since difficult queries mislead the scoring function of the search engine to associate high scores to irrelevant documents  , our computation of relevance probability is also faulty in this case. TBSL 19 uses so called BOA patterns as well as string similarities to fill the missing URIs in query templates and bridge the lexical gap. We use a variation of these models 28  to learn word vector representation word embeddings that we track across time. The upper part lists the numbers for the product categorization standards  , whereas the lower three rows of the table represent the proprietary category systems . Section 7 and 8 compare our system with structural query translation and MTbased CLIR. Essentially  , we take the ratio of the greatest likelihood possible given our hypothesis  , to the likelihood of the best " explanation " overall. 6 and 7. This is not CLIR  , but is used as a reference point with which CLIR performance is compared. After a certain period  , a generated realization of MCMC sample can be treated as a dependent sample from the posterior distribution. The agent builds the Q-learning model by alternating exploration and exploitation activities. In this section  , we conduct experiments on MNIST dataset to investigate the discipline of the optimal number K opt of selected features in the sub-region  , which is the key factor in the proposed local R 2 FP. The solution presented in this paper addresses these concerns. Hence  , LI Binary LIB can be computed by: This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. CYCLADES provides a suite of tools for personalizing information access and collaboration but is not targeted towards education or the uniqueness of accessing and manipulating geospatial and georeferenced content. ? We set the context window size m to 10 unless otherwise stated. Further more  , we also compared the five variants of WNBs each other. Additionally   , we identified examples that illustrate the problem scenario described relying on structured data collected from 2500+ online shops together with their product offerings. An efficient alternative that we use is hierarchical soft-max 18  , which reduces the time complexity to O R logW  + bM logM  in our case  , where R is the total number of words in the document sequence. In addition  , whereas KL is infinite given extreme probabilities e.g. This reduced breadth of access is further evidence for the goaldriven behaviour seen in search. are in fact simple examples demonstrating the use of the system-under-test. The p − value expresses the probability of obtaining the computed correlation coefficient value by chance. To prevent over-fitting  , we add an l1 regularization term to each log likelihood function. Experiments on three real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our model. Information theory borrowed the concept of entropy from the t h e o r y o f s t a t i s t i c a l thermodynamics where Boltzmann's theory s t a t e s t h a t t h e entropy of a gas changing states isothermally at temperature T i s given by: while the one based on the second strategy is  The first function counts  , for all entries considered as possible duplicates  , the ones that are indeed duplicates. It can be seen that the product data provided across the different sources vary significantly. In this section  , we compare DIR to the informationtheoretic measures traditionally used to evaluate rule interestingness see table 1for formulas:  the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , which measures the deviation from equilibrium;  the mutual information 12  , the Theil uncertainty 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12  , which measure the deviation from independence. Therefore  , we need to deal with potentially infinite number of related learning problems  , each for one of the query q ∈ Q. Section 4 presents precision  , recall  , and retrieval examples of four pictogram retrieval approaches. On the basis of sentence representations using Bi-LSTM with CNN  , we can model the interactions between two sentences. Most robotics related applications of game theory have focused on game theory's traditional strategy specific solution concepts 5. SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. Applying MLE to graph model fitting  , however  , is very difficult. This dynamic programming gives O|s| 2  running time solution. With this approach  , the weights of the edges are directly multiplied into the gradients when the edges are sampled for model updating. The returned set was therefore compared to their query in that light  , their semantic relevance. Locality-based methods group objects based on local relationships. Instead of picking the top document from that ranking  , like in TDI  , the document is drawn from a softmax distribution. We conduct CLIR experiments using the TREC 6 CLIR dataset described in Section 5.1. The dynamic programming is performed off-line and the results are used by the realtime controllers. In information theory  , entropy measures the disorder or uncertainty associated with a discrete  , random variable  , i.e. In QALD-3 20  , SQUALL2SPARQL 21 achieved the highest precision in the QA track. Here  , σ is the sigmoid function that has an output in 0  , 1  , tanh denotes the hyperbolic tangent function that has an output in −1  , 1   , and denotes the component-wise multiplication . Figure 5 shows that performances of CyCLaDEs are quite similar. Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method  , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. Game theory researchers have extensively studied the representations and strategies used in games 3. All the techniques transform the tree into a rooted binary tree or binary composition rules before applying dynamic programming. Various other theorists introduced the concept of Entropy to general systems. When we are capable of building and testing a highly predictive model of user effectiveness we will be able to do cross system comparisons via a control  , but our current knowledge of user modeling is inadequate. In general  , a better fit corresponds to a bigger LL and/or a smaller KS-distance. The basic method uses a family of locality-sensitive hash functions to hash nearby objects in the high-dimensional space into the same bucket. Figure 6shows the distribution of queries over clients. 6 directly with stochastic gradient descent. the catalog group taxonomy. As more releases are completed  , predictive models for the other categories of releases can be developed. Here  , graph equality means isomor- phism. The impulse was effected by tapping on the finger with a light and stiff object. In order to compare to DBSCAN  , we only use the number of points here since DBSCAN can only cluster points according to their spatial location. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function  , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. One component of a probabilistic retrieval model is the indexing model  , i.e. Locality sensitive hashing LSH  , introduced by Indyk and Motwani  , is the best-known indexing method for ANN search. Retrieval effectiveness can be improved through changes to the SLT  , unification models  , and the MSS function and scoring vector. , array of floating point values. They are not included in the application profile  , awaiting approval by DCMI of a mechanism to express these. " It does  , though  , inform us about the attractiveness of the document d  , which leads to improvements on the click prediction task see Experiment 4. Rules model intensional knowledge  , from which new probabilistic facts are derived. However  , we will keep the nested logit terminology since it is more prevalent in the discrete choice literature. Performance of IMRank with Random initial ranking and Random ranking alone are averaged over 50 trials. Query optimization in general is still a big problem. Uses of probabilistic language model in information retrieval intended to adopt a theoretically motivated retrieval model. , not likely to yield an optimal plan. As of today  , these two approaches i.e. Our most relevant work 10  presented a method to predict the performance of CLIR according to translation quality and ease of queries. The multilingual information retrieval problem we tackle is therefore a generalization of CLIR. This paper has presented a binary paradigm in robotics and has developed one method for solving the problem of optimal design for pick-and-place tasks. We used the reference linking API to analyze D-Lib articles. Most attempts to layer a static type system atop a dynamic language 3  , 19  , 34 support only a subset of the language  , excluding many dynamic features and compromising the programming model and/or the type-checking guarantee. The exception to this trend is Mammography   , which reports zero correlation categorically  , as within each test either all or none of the features fail the KS test except for some MCAR trials for which failure occurred totally at random. As CL-EM is known to be unstable 14   , we smooth the parameters at each iteration t. More specifically  , we estimate It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference. The problem can be solved by existing numerical optimization methods such as alternating minimization and stochastic gradient descent. This evolution will be characterized by a trajectory on a two-dimensional Self-Organizing Map. A likelihood function is constructed assuming a parameter set  , generating a pdf for each sample based on those parameters  , then multiplying all these pdf's together.   , n |Q|−|X obs | } indicating on which dimensions the data elements are lost; 2. imputing the assigned dimensions according to the imputation strategy ϕ. . A set of completing  , typing information is added  , so that the number of tags becomes higher. CLIR performance observed for this query set. Figure 4 shows the relative English-French CLIR effectiveness as compared to the monolingual French baseline. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. BSBM SQL 5 is a join of four tables product  , product   , productfeatureproduct  , and productfeatureproduct . In above  , K fuzzy evidence structures are used for illustration . This problem may be alleviated by specifying DMP values for different overlapping classes of transaction types  , which is supported by some TP monitors. He used residual functions for fitting projected model and features in the image. By contrast  , the control information for the self-folding sheet described here is encoded in the design itself. The logistic function is widely used as the likelihood function  , which is defined as  Binary actions with r ij ∈ {−1  , 1}. The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. The following equations describe those used as the foundation of our retrieval strategies. The design includes the assignment of an appropriate set of admissible strategies and payoff functions to all players. Semantic errors were reported to developers who quickly confirmed their relevance and took actions to correct them. We are currently investigating techniques to identify these effectively tagged blog posts and hope to incorporate it into future versions of TagAssist. Multiple " indicates various resolutions used in the global methods. Joint application development JAD is a requirements-definition and user-interface design methodology according to Steve McConnell 4. To demonstrate the usefulness of this novel language resource we show its performance on the Multilingual Question Answering over Linked Data challenge QALD-4 1 . SV M struct generalizes multi-class Support Vector Machine learning to complex data with features extracted from both inputs and outputs. Graphs  , which are in fact one of the most general forms of data representation   , are able to represent not only the values of an entity  , but can be used to explicitly model structural relations that may exist between different parts of an object 5 ,6. Given that our system is trained off this data  , we believe we can drastically improve the performance of our system by identifying the blog posts have been effectively tagged  , meaning that the tags associated with the post are likely to be considered relevant by other users. N is the number of stochastic gradient descent steps. Points for which the imputed global data has higher variances are points for which the global data can be guessed with less certainty from the local data. Instead of the vector space model or the classical probabilistic model we will use a new model  , called the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval  , which is described in the appendix of this paper. They create their own collections by simply giving a MC that characterizes their information needs and do not provide any indication about which are the ISs that store these documents. Because Hogwild! Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. s k   , any subsegmentation si . Inoculation has also been studied in the game theory literature. The folding problems  , especially protein folding  , have a few notable differences from usual PRM applications. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l The mechanisms communicate with each other by a simple structure  , the file system. 33 propose an evolutionary timeline summarization strategy based on dynamic programming. Denote I as an image dataset with n images  , and T as tag vocabulary with m tags. A random forest has many nice characteristics that make it promising for the problem of name disambiguation. One can design a positioning compensator to develop a tracklng system such that the closed-loop system IS always robust to the bounded uncertalnties In the open loop dynamlcs of the robot. The matrices Wqs  , Wss  , Wis  , W ds denote the projections applied to the vectors q  , sr  , ir  , dr+1; the matrix I denotes an identity matrix. Given this observation  , we are interested in the question: is regularized pLSA likely to outperform non-regularized pLSA no matter the value of K we select ? The space efficiency implication is dramatic. As shown  , topic-based metrics have correlation with the number of bugs at different levels. For each document identifier passed to the Snippet Engine   , the engine must generate text  , preferably containing query terms  , that attempts to summarize that document. As a result  , large SPARQL queries often execute with a suboptimal plan  , to much performance detriment. With regard to the unexpectedness of the highly relevant results relevancy>=4 Random indexing outperforms the other systems  , however hyProximity offers a slightly more unexpected suggestions if we consider only the most relevant results relevan- cy=5. This is quite opposite to what has been chosen in the minimisation for the DLS law in Eq.5 and hence the necessity for λ. The proportion of customers missing data for the number of port is large 44% and the customer population where data are missing may be different  , making conventional statistical treatment of missing data e.g. This cache is hosted by clients and completes the traditional HTTP temporal cache hosted by data providers. Deep learning is an emerging research field today and  , to our knowledge  , our work is the first one that applied deep learning for assessing quality of Wikipedia articles. The robot motion can be obtained by a motion planning method based on a deformation model of the cloth  , as described in Section IV. 3 We conduct experiments on two real datasets to demonstrate SoCo's performance. Otherwise  , the resulting plans may yield erroneous results. The multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 and reduces that of the entropy-based approach by a factor of 5 to 8. The fixed keyframes are selected based on a common landmark. The learning rate is also fasterFig.4. Meanwhile   , other machine learning methods can also reach the accuracy more than 0.83. These techniques are listwise deletion LD  , mean or mode single imputation MMSI and eight different types of hot deck single imputation HDSI. We introduce the recent work on applications of deep learning to IR tasks. the Shannon entropy 15  , 16. We consider the CS we described in this paper as a first prototype of a more general " mediator infrastructure service " that can be used by the other DL services to efficiently and effectively implement a dynamic set of virtual libraries that match the user expectations upon the concrete heterogeneous information sources and services. However  , our approach is unique in several senses. To form a base-line set of top documents  , we collected the top 20 results for 5000 queries from a commercial search engine . The fitting constraint keeps the model parameters fit to the training data whereas the regularizers avoid overfitting  , making the model generalize better 7. Table 4presents our experimental results  , as well as the four best methods according to their experiments   , i.e. Our predictive models are based on raw geographic distance How many meters is the ATM from me ? In almost all type of applications  , it would be sufficient to set Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. Using σ G s as a surrogate for user assessments of semantic similarity  , we can address the general question of how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. What are the factors that influence whether --and which term --will emerge as the convention to represent a given topic ? Thus  , the MAP estimate is the maximum of the following likelihood function. In the previous section we have given exact expressions for the value of the dynamic programming problem and the optimal bidding strategy that should be followed under this dynamic programming problem. Invitation Figure 1  , Steps of RaPiD7 1 Preparation step is performed for each of the workshops  , and the idea is to find out the necessary information to be used as input in the workshops. Therefore  , the quality in use in different usage contexts is very important for the spreading of these knowledge bases. Methods like this rely on large labeled training set to cover as much words as possible  , so that we can take advantage of word embedding to get high quality word vectors. In this section  , we elaborate on a complementary example that uses structured data on the Web of Data. For fair comparison  , we used the same five field entity representation scheme and the same query sets as in 33  Sem- Search ES consisting primarily of named entity queries  , List- Search consisting primarily of entity list search queries  , QALD- 2 consisting of entity-focused natural language questions  , and INEX-LD containing a mix of entity-centric queries of different type. Reference-based indexing 7  , 11  , 17  , 36  can be considered as a variation of vector space indexing. Figure 3 gives the variance proportions for the sampled accounts . 23 took advantage of learning deep belief nets to classify facial action units in realistic face images. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. Finally  , Figure 4shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity at all ranks. ADEPT supports the creation of personalized digital libraries of geospatial information  " learning spaces "  but owns its resources unlike in G-Portal where the development of the collection depends mainly on users' contributions as well as on the discovery and acquisition of external resources such as geography-related Web sites. We provide a probabilistic model for image retrieval problem. courses  , students  , professors are generated. There can also be something specific to the examples added that adds confusion . It is a big step for calligraphic character recognition. The first  , an optimistic heuristic  , assumes that all possible matches in the sequences are made regardless of their order in the sequence. BMEcat is a powerful XML standard for the exchange of electronic product catalogs between suppliers and purchasing companies in B2B settings. likelihood function. Second  , word associations in our technique have a welldefined probabilistic interpretation. Consider a two class classification problem. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: The reference can be obtained using the library pathname. Shannon proposed to measure the amount of uncertainty or entropy in a distribution. Finally  , by combining long-term and short-term user interests  , our proposed models TDSSM and MR-TDSSM successfully outperformed all the methods significantly. Usually  , the Euclidean distance between the weight vector and the input pattern is used to calculate a unit's activation. We use |C1|/|C| to calculate the precision  , |C1+C2+C3|/|C| to evaluate the relevance precision. Deep learning with bottom-up transfer DL+BT: A deep learning approach with five-layer CAES and one fully connected layer. It is especially useful in cases when it is possible to consider a large number of suggestions which include false positives -such as the case when the keyword suggestions are used for expert crawling. This part of experiment is indicated as Supervised Modeling Section 3.3. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. On the 99-node cluster  , indexing time for the first English segment of the ClueWeb09 collection ∼50 million pages was 145 minutes averaged over three trials; the fastest and slowest running times differed by less than 10 minutes. Unfortunately  , to use Popov's stability theory  , one must construct a strict positive real system transfer function matrix  , but this is a very tedious work. 6.1 for details on the configuration of each tested model. Specifically  , Let X be a |W | × C matrix such that x w ,c is the number of times term w appears in messages generated by node c. Towards understanding how unevenly each term is distributed among nodes  , let G be a vector of |W | weights where g w is equal to 1 plus term w's Shannon information entropy 1. We are reaching the point where we are willing to tie ourselves down by declaring in advance our variable types  , weakest preconditions  , and the like. The performance of Human Interest Model and Soft Pattern Bigram Model for each entity type can be seen in Figure 2 . The rise of B2B e-commerce revealed a series of new information management challenges in the area of product data integration 5 ,13. Subject keywords are nouns and proper nouns from a title or subtitle. gr:condition and references to external product classification standards. In this paper  , we presented CyCLaDEs  , a behavioral decentralized cache for LDF clients. Otherwise  , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. Random Forest is the classifier used. Thus solving the graph search problem in As the chart illustrates  , determing trust values during query execution dominates the query execution time. In the M-step  , we fix the posteriors and update Λ that maximizes Equation 8. If this was not done then Wumpus would attempt to look for tweets containing exactly the topic phrase and this is not generally a desirable behaviour for a search engine. We have proposed the aspect model latent variable method for cold-start recommending. In particular  , dynamic pruning strategies aim to avoid the scoring of postings for documents that cannot make the top K retrieved set. One of the well-known uni-modal hashing method is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 2  , which uses random projections to obtain the hash functions. Links are labeled with sets of keywords shared by related documents. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query generated from a document 9. To determine the statistical significance of the Pearson correlation coefficient r  , the p − value has been used in this work. An effective thesaurus-based technique must deal with the problem of word polysemy or ambiguity  , which is particularly serious for Arabic retrieval. The objective function can be solved by the stochastic gradient descent SGD. First  , we discussed the overall architecture for learning of complex motions by real robotic systems. Similar to what people has done for optimizing ranking measures such as MAP or NDCG  , we find an approximate solution by constructing a new approximate objective function that is differentiable. Library and owners can appear as value Lib  , Own  , if both the library and the owners require written permission. The converter has built-in check steps that detect common irregularities in the BMEcat data  , such as wrong unit codes or invalid feature values. Third  , our proposed model leads to very accurate bid prediction . As a downhill simplex method  , an initial guess of the intrinsic camera parameters is required for further calculation . classes in PLSA. The low-rank recovery with structurized data makes full use of the information of similar samples and the correlation of all the samples. One limitation of regular LSH is that they require explicit vector representation of data points. For example  , recent work has shown that there are deep connections between modularity in design and the value of real options--capital analogs of financial options. In 10 the authors use the Fast Fourier Transform to solve the problem of pattern similarity search. While LIB uses binary term occurrence to estimate least information a document carries in the term  , LIF measures the amount of least information based on term frequency. White et al. Its default download strategy is to perform a breadth-first search of the web  , with the following three modifications: 1. The results are listed in Table 4and 5  , together with the results for the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method without using any weighting scheme. Vectors with three components are completed with zero values. We run an experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M  , hosted on the same LDF server with 2 differents URLs. Well known works by Dijkstra DIJK72  , Wirth WIRT 71  , Gries GRIE 73 and others have assessed the usefulness of deriving a program in a hierarchical way. This measure should therefore be used in the end-user applications  , as the users can typically consult only a limited number of top-ranked suggestions. In addition to the manufacturer BMEcat files  , we took a real dataset obtained from a focused crawl whereby we collected product data from 2629 shops. It is applicable to a variety of static and dynamic cost functions   , such as distance and motion time. The general interest model captures the user's interests in terms of categories e.g. At the beginning of learning control of each situation   , CMAC memory is refreshed. To evaluate our proposal  , we implemented two use cases that allowed us to produce a large quantity of product model data from BMEcat catalogs. We can observe that all translation types native  , C  , SQE  , SJE  , SQE+SJE have similar performance in most of BSBM queries  , ranging from 0.67 to 2.60 when normalized  ing to the native SQL queries. The task consists of transforming the price-relevant information of a BMEcat catalog to xCBL. More specifically  , we compute two entropy-based features for the EDA and EMG-CS data: Shannon entropy and permutation entropy. In this paper  , we presented TL-PLSA  , a new approach to transfer learning  , based on PLSA. In JAD  , the general idea is to have a workshop or a set of workshops rather than having unlimited number of workshops throughout the project. Such effectiveness is consistent across different translation approaches as well as benchmarks. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest. Accordingly  , the performance of NEXAS is largely determined by that of the underlying search engine. This significantly limits its application to many real-world image retrieval tasks 40  , 18  , where images are often analyzed by a variety of feature descriptors and are measured by a wide class of diverse similarity functions. The control voltages of controllers for the motor and the PZT actuators are sent to the servo amplifier and the ACX amplifier  , respectively  , through a PCL-727 D/A card. Acknowledgments. Since IMRank adjusts all nodes in decreasing order of their current ranking-based influence spread Mrv  , the values of Mr Out of the original 50 queries  , 43 have results from DBpedia. Thus  , in practice we look for a subset that maximizes the Pearson correlation betweenˆMΦ betweenˆ betweenˆMΦ and M . However  , when high spatial autocorrelation occurs  , traditional metrics of correlation such as Pearson require independent observations and cannot thus be directly applied. Thus similar titles will appear approximately in the same column  , with the better scoring titles towards the top. In the case of Weidmüller  , the conversion result is available online 11 . The elements are encoded using only two word types: the tokens spanning the phrase to be predicted are encoded with 1s and all the others with 0s. The main result is that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropybased LSH methods to achieve various search quality levels and it is more time efficient than the entropy-based LSH method. Then we use: The same optimization except for the absorption of new would yield a structuring scheme which creates objects only for lm aliases. To verify whether the RNN model itself can achieve good performance for evaluation   , we also trained an LSTM-only model that uses only recent user embedding. In game theory  , a strategy is a method for deciding what move to make next  , given the current game state. Experiments showed that methods with the LIB quantity were more effective in terms of within-cluster accuracy e.g. For support vector machine  , the polynomial kernel with degree 3 was used. To combat the above problem  , we propose a generalized LFA strategy that trades a slight increase in running time for better accuracy in estimating Mr  , and therefore improves the performance of IMRank on influence spread. A quick scan of the thumbnails locates an answer: 4 musicians shown  , which the user could confirm took place in Singapore by showing and playing the story. The requirements of both these systems highlighted the need for a virtual organization of the information space. One such study is Tschang's qualitative investigation of 65 game development project postmortems  , finding significant differences between game development and other creative industries 15. To optimize the objective function of the Rank-GeoFM  , we use the stochastic gradient descent method. An important condition for convergence is the learning rate. We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. In this representation   , even though  , the GA might come up with two fit individuals with two competing conventions  , the genetic operators such aa crossover  , will not yield fitter individuals. Next  , we discuss the quality of our approach in terms of fitting accuracy. More than 3800 text documents  , 1200 descriptions of mechanisms and machines  , 540 videos and animations and 180 biographies of people in the domain of mechanism and machine science are available in the DMG- Lib in January 2009 and the collection is still growing. For each procedure  , we enumerate a finite set of significant subgraphs; that is  , we enumerate subgraphs that hold semantic relevance and are likely to be good semantic clone candidates . Notice that the likelihood function only applies a " penalty " to regions in the visual range Of the scan; it is Usually computed using ray-tracing. Stories are represented as a thumbnail image along with a score thermometer  , a relevance bar to the left of each thumbnail  , with stories listed in relevance order. We describe here a technique to approximate the matcher by a DNF expression. The likelihood function for the t observations is: They investigate the applicability of common query optimization techniques to answer tree-pattern queries. This MTL method assumes that all tasks are related to each other and it tries to transfer knowledge between all tasks. Here  , we focus on locality sensitive hashing techniques that are most relevant to our work. This work can be characterized as demonstrating the utility of learning explicit models to allow mental simulation while learning 2. To conclude with the above example  , suppose that we want to obtain the objects and not only the Definition attribute e.g. We have submitted 6 ranking-based runs. The lower perplexity the higher topic modeling accuracy. Library means that the library has created its own digitized or born-digital material. With L = W   , we can have: Simple Semantic Association queries between two entities result in hundreds of results and understanding the relevance of these associations requires comparable intellectual effort to understanding the relevance of a document in response to keyword queries. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. to represent a navigation structure in a Web shop. In contrast  , last criterion   , which is typical of schemes generally seen in the robotics literature  , yields analytical expressions for the trajectory and locally-optimal solutions for joint rates and actuator forces. In ll  the classification task is performed by a self-organizing Kohonen's map. Berberich et al. We were able to improve Lucene's search quality as measured for TREC data by 1 adding phrase expansion and proximity scoring to the query  , 2 better choice of document length normalization  , and 3 normalizing tf values by document's average term frequency. The resulting good performance of CLIR corresponds to the high quality of the suggested queries. In our case online position estimates of the mapping car can be refined by offline optimization methods Thrun and Montemerlo  , 2005 to yield position accuracy below 0.15 m  , or with a similar accuracy onboard the car by localizing with a map constructed from the offline optimization. It uses R*-tree to achieve better performance. The average reference accuracy is the average over all the references. An additional probabilistic model is that of Fuhr 4. stochastic dynamic programming  , and recommended actions are executed. Our extension  , available from the project website  , reads the named graphs-based datasets  , generates a consumer-specific trust value for each named graph  , and creates an assessments graph. Analogously  , the same training procedure is utilized to train the third and any subsequent layers of sdf-organizing maps. Based on the results of this study our future research will involve the identification of language pairs for which fuzzy translation is effective  , the improvement of the rules for example  , utilising rule co-occurrence information  , testing the effects of tuning a confidence factor by a specific language pair  , selecting the best TRT and fuzzy matching combination  , and testing how to apply fuzzy translation in actual CLIR research. Often  , the structure of the game is preprogrammed and a game theory based controller is used to select the agent's actions. The parameter vector of each ranking system is learned automatically . Although it might be difficult to get people to change their ways of doing everyday work  , typically the teams trying out RaPiD7 for some time would not give up using it. Note t h a t G is approximately equal t o the unity matrix for the frequencies within its bandwidth. The optimization of each stage can use statistics cardinality   , histograms computed on the outputs of the previous stages. Assuming an industrial setting  , long-term attention models that include the searcher's general interest in addition to the current session context can be expected to become powerful tools for a wide number of inference tasks. In the language modeling framework  , documents are modeled as the multinomial distributions capturing the word frequency occurrence within the documents. Then we update parameters utilizing Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD until converge. We also develop a GUI tool to help users to construct queries in case they are not familiar with the SPARQL syntax. First  , was the existing state of the art  , Flat-COTE  , significantly better than current deep learning approaches for TSC ? Also  , it will be difficult to apply the Kuhlback and Liebers' relative entropy since the " atoms " or " characters " of an image or an ensemble is difficult to define. As noise is canceled   , the KM-imputed data has slightly lower complexity than the unseen original. By a depth-first search of the set enumeration tree of transitive reductions of partial orders  , Frecpo will not miss any frequent partial order. When DC thrashing occurs  , more and more transactions become blocked so that the response time of transactions increases beyond acceptable values and essentially approaches infinity. The Discrete Cosine Transform DCT is a real valued version of Fast Fourier Transform FFT and transforms time domain signals into coefficients of frequency component. , NDCG by using the Simulated Annealing which uses a modification of downhill Simplex method for the next candidate move to find the global min- imum. Another benchmark dataset – WebQuestions – was introduced by Berant et al. We augment this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method to identify the expanded dataset. If the grid is coarse  , dynamic programming works reasonably quickly. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. The topic pattern First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. A more difficult bias usually causes a greater proportion of features to fail KS. These Based on Word2Vec 6  , Doc2Vec produces a word embedding vector  , given a sentence or document. We use LSTM-RNN for both generation and retrieval baselines. 14  recently analyze places and events in a collection of geotagged photos using DBSCAN. The product identifier can be mapped in two different ways  , at product level or at product details level  , whereby the second takes precedence over the other. In Section 2 we define our basic concepts and our model of program execution and testing. Once the semantic relevance values were calculated  , the pictograms were ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the major category. Figure 10shows the likelihood and loop closure error as a function of EM iteration. After fitting this model  , we use the parameters associated with each article to estimate it's quality. This hierarchical agglomerative step begins with leaf clusters  , and has complexity quadratic in . Since previously learned RRT's are kept for fkture uses  , the data structure becomes a forest consisting of multiple RRTs. Is it useful to identify important parts in query images ? Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. Once these enhancements are in place  , i.e. For instance  , if the user stems from London  , reads " The Times " and is a passionate folk-dancer  , this might make the alternative segmentation times " square dance " preferable. We followed Chapelle et al. However  , the imputation performance of HI is unstable when the missing ratio increases. XSEarch returns semantically related fragments  , ranked by estimated relevance. Our previous work on creating self-folding devices controlling its actuators with an internal control system is described in 3. Realizing the vision of autonomic computing is necessarily a worldwide cooperative enterprise  , one that will yield great societal rewards in the near-term  , medium-term and long-term. The noise in the content may create errors while doing document retrieval thus drastically reducing the precision of retrieval. The steps of RaPiD7 method are presented in figure 1. Run dijkstra search from the final node as shown in Fig.6. A learning task assumes that the agents do not have preliminary knowledge about the environment in which they act. Simply put  , RaPiD7 is a method in which the document in hand is authored in a team in consecutive workshops. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method  , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. 12 propose a method figure 1c that applies LSH on a learned metric referred as M+LSH in Table 1. Then the probability is represented by the following recursive form: We present a probabilistic model for the retrieval of multimodal documents. Both our weighting scheme and the two weighting schemes to be compared are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method to predict ratings for test users. This toleration factor reflects the inherent resolving limitation of a given relevance scoring function  , and thus within this toleration factor  , the ranking of documents can be seen as arbitrary. In his 1968 letter  , Dijkstra noted that the programmer manipulates source code as a way to achieve a desired change in the program's behaviour; that is  , the executions of the program are what is germane  , and the source code is an indirect vehicle for achieving those behaviours. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features  , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. Moreover  , our own results have demonstrated that outcome matrices degrade gracefully with increased error 18. to any application. query terms rather than document terma because they were investigating probabilistic retrieval Model 2 of Robertson et.al. To derive our probabilistic retrieval model  , we first propose a basic query formulation model. This means users have small variance on these queries  , and the search engine has done well for these queries  , while on the queries with click entropy≥2.5  , the result is disparate: both P-Click and G-Click methods make exciting performance. This is illustrated in Figure 3. These results are very promising and indicate that  , by using sipIIsl  , parametric query optimization can be efficiently supported in current systems. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. Pair Potentials. It is designed to be used with formal query method and does not incorporate IR relevance measurements. As the first click model for QAC  , our TDCM model could be extended in several ways in the future. In the case of discrete data the likelihood measures the probability of observing the given data as a function of θ θ θ. The Random Forest model selects a portion of the data attributes randomly and generates hundreds and thousands of trees accordingly  , and then votes for the best performing one to produce the classification result. Applying the Shannon Entropy equation directly will be misleading. Finally  , there might be months that are more olfactory pleasant than others. The anomaly score is simply defined as autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. So he has there by advanced information theory remarkably . Then we showed the extended method of connectionist Q-Learning for learning a behavior with continuous inputs and outputs . These outliers were removed using DBSCAN to identify low density noise. Parallel texts have been used in several studies on CLIR 2  , 6  , 19. Our goal is to guess the best rating. This objective is fulfilled by either having a layer to perform the transformation or looking up word vectors from a table which is filled by word vectors that are trained separately using additional large corpus. The most significant recent advance in programming methodology has been the constructive approach to developing correct programs or "programming calculus" formulated in Dijkstra 75  , elaborated with numerous examples in Dijkstra 76  , and discussed further in Gries 76. Once a model has been selected to represent a subsystem  , the unknown parameters identification is required. Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design  , and they do not have single  , clear semantics. Dijkstra makes this observation in his famous letter on the GOTO statement  , Dijkstra 69 observing that computer programs are static entities and are thus easier for human minds to comprehend  , while program executions are dynamic and far harder to comprehend and reason about effectively.   , denotes the Pearson correlation of user and user . Program building blocks are features that use AspectJ as the underlying weaving technology . Q-learning incrementally builds a model that represents how the application can be used. Coding theoretic arguments suggest that this structure should pcnnit us to reduce the dimensionality of our index space so as to better correspond to the ShanDon Entropy of the power set of documeDts {though this may require us to coalesce sets of documents wry unlikely to be optimal. unsupervised or only a fraction i.e. template. The key of most techniques is to exploit random projection to tackle the curse of dimensionality issue  , such as Locality-Sensitive Hashing LSH 20   , a very well-known and highly successful technique in this area. Given that news is separated into eight topics  , 16 interest profiles exist in a single user model. HyProximity measures improve the baseline across all performance measures  , while Random indexing improves it only with regard to recall and F-measure for less than 200 suggestions. Different limb-terrain interactions generate 222 gait bounce signals with different information content  , thus deliberate limb motions can effect higher information content. The reader is referred to the technical report by Oard and Dorr for an excellent review of the CLIR literature 18. To capture the behavior of SaaSs and IaaS in this conflicting situation game in which what a SaaS or the IaaS the players of the game does directly affects what others do  , we consider the Generalized Nash game13  , 15  , which is broadly used in Game Theory and other fields. The Maximum a posteriori estimate MAP is a point estimate which maximizes the log of the posterior likelihood function 3. Stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization . The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with two-point contact. The remaining columns show the performance of each method  , including the number of interleavings tested and the run time in seconds. Rating imputation measures success at filling in the missing values. All t-SNE projections contain a large number of clusters of different density and size that group vector states by their similarities in the vector state space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . Having computed the topical distribution of each individual tweet  , we can now estimate an entire profile's topical diversity and do so by using the Shannon diversity theorem entropy: Topical Diversity. The other sets of experiments are designed similar to the first set. fol " .tif. " 2 The language was influenced significantly by the Dijkstra " guarded command language " 4 and CSP lo . When looking at search result behaviour more broadly we see that what browsing does occur occurs within the first page of results. Game theory has also been used as a means for controlling a robot 5  , 7. The probabilistic retrieval model is attractive because it provides a theoretical foundation for the retrieval operation which takes into account the notion of document relevance. Figure 2will settle to a state which minimizes the sum of the error in the estimate and the negative of the Shannon entropy. As discussed  , the LIB quantity is similar in spirit to IDF inverse document frequency whereas LIF can be seen as a means to normalize TF term frequency. Input vectors composed of range-to-obstacle indicators' readouts and direction-to-goal indicator readouts are partitioned into one of predefined perceptual situation classes. See e. g. " Game Theory " by Fudenberg and Tirole 4 pp. to increase efficiency or the field's yield  , in economic or environmental terms. Correlations were measured using the Pearson's correlation coefficient. This ensures that each reference trajectory will affect only the corresponding joint angle and that robust steady-state tracking occurs for a class of reference trajectories and torque disturbances  , as will be discussed later. As mentioned in Section 3.2  , a parameter is required to determine the semantic relatedness knowledge provided by the auxiliary word embeddings. In each case the coefficient is equivalent to the log-odds logp/1-p of correctness conditioned on the overlap feature assuming a given value. Our approach provides a novel point of view to Wikipedia quality classification. That is  , all statistics that one computes from the completed database should be as close as possible to those of the original data. As shown in Figure 1  , the auxiliary word embeddings utilized in GPU-DMM is pre-learned using the state-of-the-art word embedding techniques from large document collections. We present optimization strategies for various scenarios of interest. Our approach is independent of stemmers  , part of speech taggers and parsers. The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. For NCA  , we use the implementation in the Matlab Toolbox for Dimensionality Reduction 13 . The transfer function matrix Gi is expressed as follows; We design the transfer function matrix G; similar to the case of previous section. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. , to distinguish highly personalized SERPs and to discount observed clicks in these sessions. An interesting property of hierarchical feature maps is the tremendous speed-up as compared to the self-organizing map. Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. Table 2adds an additional level of detail to the PRODUCT → PRODUCT DETAILS structure introduced in Fig. Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. Game theory assumes that the players of a game will pursue a rational strategy. Subsequently  , the starting parameters which yield the best optimization result of the 100 trials is taken as global optimium. Figure 1show an example where no global density threshold exists that can separate all three natural clusters  , and consequently  , DBSCAN cannot find the intrinsic cluster structure of the dataset. The hierarchy is determined by the group identifier of the catalog structure that refers to the identifier of its parent group. Once the relevant pictograms are selected  , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. The primary contribution of this work is increased understanding of effectiveness measures based on explicit user models. In ROBE81 a similar retrieval model  , the 80 251 called two-poisson-independence TPI model is described. For example  , using gray level histogram  , a checker-board b/w pattern of 2x2 squares will have the same entropy as one with 4x4 squares covering an equal area although the latter contains more information. Three different levels of achievement can be perceived in implementing RaPiD7. Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input  , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. Although we have framed the issue in terms of a game  , pure game theory makes no predictions about such a case  , in which there are two identical Nash equilibriums. The notation presented here draws heavily from game theory 6. Finally  , to address the varying number of checkins per user  , we compute the Shannon Entropy of the per user checkin frequency. IMRank2 consistently provides better influence spread than PMIA and IRIE  , and runs faster than them. To be more specific  , we add a virtual node which connects to all known nodes. Each sequence was used to train one threedimensional SOM. is NP-complete. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. The results from the initial workshops were encouraging and the method was taken into use in several other teams  , too. To achieve over 0.9 recall  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 while achieving similar time efficiencies. We first analyzed the theoretical property of kernel LSH KLSH. Similar to the Mann-Whitney test  , it does not assume normal distributions of the population and works well on samples with unequal sizes. One promising method is LCS longest common subsequence and another skipgrams 8. Mean Average Precision MAP and Precision at N P@N  are used to summarise retrieval performance within each category. In the following  , we outline correspondences between elements of BMEcat and GoodRelations and propose a mapping between the BMEcat XML format and the GoodRelations vocabulary. Likewise   , the number of movies a person has rated is a very good method on the implicit rating prediction GROC plot. Our results lead us to conclude that parameter settings can indeed have a large impact on the performance of defect prediction models  , suggesting that researchers should experiment with the parameters of the classification techniques . In the information retrieval domain  , the systems are based on three basic models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model. From our perspective  , it is evident that given the nature of the TREC collections  , CLIR approaches based upon multilingual thesauri remain difficult to explore. The CS presented in this paper implements a new approach for supporting dynamic and virtual collections  , it supports the dynamic creation of new collections by specifying a set of definition criteria and make it possible to automatically assign to each collection the specialized services that operate on it. However  , if all violations go through a small set of nodes that are not encountered on the early selected paths or these nodes get stuck on the bottom of the worklist  , then it may be worse than breadth first search. We also studied the impact of spelling normalization and stemming on Arabic CLIR. Cost-based query optimization techniques for XML 22  , 29 are also related to our work. The signal detection operates on a power signal; a Fast Fourier Transform FFT is being done which trans­ forms the signal in time domain into frequency domain. We apply generic Viterbi search techniques to efficiently find a near-optimal summary 7. Periodically  , the fast Fourier transform FFT yields a signal spectrum: But the bcst way is to determine TI and T2 directly in DSP from input data array xn. A bad initial ranking prefers nodes with low influence. We divide the optimization task into the following three phases: 1 generating an optimized query tree  , 2 allocating query operators in the query tree to machines  , and 3 choosing pipelined execution methods. In order to link catalog groups and products  , BMEcat maps group identifiers with product identifiers using PROD- UCT TO CATALOGGROUP MAP. Manually built models consist mainly of text patterns  , carefully created  , tested and maintained by domain and linguistic experts. This information  , along with the CS positions in the robot frame  , and with the map  , identifies the robot pose position and orientation. If the model fitting has increased significantly  , then the predictor is kept. The final results show Q2 being used for root-finding instead of optimization. The most notable improvements over previous versions are the support of external catalogs and multiple languages  , and the consistent renaming of the ambiguous term ARTICLE to PRODUCT. In general  , the optimization problem 17 can be locally solved using numerical gradient-descent methods. An end-user application resembling Twitter's current search interface might apply a threshold on the tweet retrieval score and only show tweets above some threshold in chronological order. Initial weight ,s are typically set to i. To overcome the problem of data sparsity  , earlier systems rely on imputation to fill in missing ratings and to make the rating matrix dense 28. Figure 5a shows a failure in fitting the profile to the sensor data around P1 in Fig. The first method is to take the fast Fourier transform FFT of the impulse response for Table 2: Characteristic frequencies for link 2 a given impulse command. This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. In order to design the controller  , we need to have the transfer function matrix of the robotic subsystem sampled with period T , ,. Edsger Dijkstra has written eloquently of " our inability to do much " 5. Another 216 words returned the same results for the three semantic relevance approaches. dmax equals to the largest indegree among all nodes when l = 1. Hot-deck imputation HI tends to work well when there are strong correlation between the covariates and the variable with missing values  , and thus it performs differently depending on the correlation structure among the variables. All interested merchants have then the possibility of electronically publishing and consuming this authoritative manufacturer data to enhance their product offerings relying on widely adopted product strong identifiers such as EAN  , GTIN  , or MPN. For this  , we measured the performance on large BSBM and LUBM data sets while varying the number of nodes used. Extensive experiments on our datasets demonstrated that our TDCM model can accurately explain the user behavior in QAC. Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. Therefore  , the key issue seems to be getting the teams to try out RaPiD7 long enough to see the benefits realizing. The way RaPiD7 is applied varies significantly depending on the case. We applied a Self-Organizing Feature Map SOFM assuming that the maximum number of components of a visitor behavior vector is H = 6. Multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies   , however  , are an underrepresented class of CLIR resources. Hence we propose three fusion methods to combine the two quantities by addition and multiplication: 1. We use the formula to get the Pearson correlation between the two data sets  , Document-level TRDR performance scores are computed for each question and for both methods. The parameters of the final PLSA model are first initialized using the documents that have been pre-assigned to the selected cluster signatures. We then calculate the Shannon Entropy Shannon et al. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. This is exactly the concept of Coarse-Grained Optimization CGO. The fully connected hidden layer is and a softmax add about 40k parameters. 4 Technically  , this model is called the hierarchical logit 32 and is slightly more general than the nested logit model derived from utility maximization. Game theory also explores interaction. Moreover  , the Pearson product moment correlation coefficient 8  , 1 I  is utilized to measure the correlation between two itemsets. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. Next we examined transitive retrieval to gauge its impact on notranslation CLIR. Those models are based on the Harris Harris  , 1968 distributional hypothesis  , which states that words that appear in similar context have similar meanings. Typically  , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7  , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. The improvements of precision and popular tag coverage are statistically significant  , both up to more than 10%. Then we compute the single source shortest path from y using breadth first search. UDCombine1. Stochastic gradient descent is a common way of solving this nonconvex problem. to the introduction of blank nodes. We investigated whether instead of emotivity  , the diversity of emotions expressed could be related to high status. Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in HARP78 ,VANR77 Finally. This is an implementation of an entity identification problem 50. The tasks compared the result 'click' distributions where the length of the summary was manipulated. the search procedure is breadth first search which examines all the nodes on one level of the tree before any nodes of the next level ignoring the goal distance Ac. Furthermore  , resources aggregated in a collection can be found more easily than if they were disjoint. Perhaps the best example of a  It also permits nodes which can represent topographical cues to be freely added and/or removed. The study used a structuring method  , in which those words that were derived from the same Finnish word were grouped into the same facet. is non-proper. Next  , we used Alchemy 2 to generatively learn the weights of our base MLN using the evidence data. Two synthetic datasets generated using RDF benchmark generators BSBM 2 and SP2B 3 were used for scalability evaluation. Figure 6  , we visualize the geographic distributions of two weather topics over the US states. Uncertainties/entropies of the two distributions can be computed by Shannon entropy: Let Y denote posterior changed probabilities after certain information is known: Y = y1  , y2  , . BSBM generates a query mix based on 12 queries template and 40 predicates.  We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. is implemented as a rule-based system. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. Together with the self-learning knowledge base  , NRE makes a deep injection possible. This approach uses intuition similar to He's work on CLIR 9. The CCF between two time series describes the normalized cross covariance and can be computed as: A common measure for the correlation is the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient. Given an initial series of computation to construct ξ ij and a starting covariance Λ 0 = Λ s i as an input parameter  , repeated queries of the effect of a series of controls and observations can be calculated efficiently. This is appropriate in our case because we want the most predictive tree while still modeling cannibalization. The results of PRMS are significantly worse compared to MLM in our settings  , which indicates that the performance of this model degrades in case of a large number of fields in entity descriptions. On both datasets  , the feature weight shows that powerful users tend to express a more varied range of emotions. Audio signals consists of a time-series of samples  , which we denote as st. Experimental studies show that this basic LSH method needs over a hundred 13 and sometimes several hundred hash tables 6 to achieve good search accuracy for high-dimensional datasets. , ridge regularization. an MS-Word document. By limiting the complexity of the model  , we discourage over-fitting. However  , for BSBM dataset  , DFSS outperforms ITRMS for both scalability experiments see Figure 4c and Figure 5a. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR remains a difficult task. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. This problem can be formulated as longest common subsequence LCS problem 8. We demonstrate that Flat-COTE is significantly better than both deep learning approaches. Figure 2billustrates the highest and second highest bid in the test set  , items that we did not observe when fitting the model. The RNN with LSTM units consists of memory cells in order to store information for extended periods of time. First  , we integrate the likelihood function 25 over Θ to derive a marginal likelihood function only conditioned on the intent bias: Let's examine this updating procedure in more detail. In a recent theoretical study 22  , Panigrahy proposed an entropy-based LSH method that generates randomly " perturbed " objects near the query object  , queries them in addi-tion to the query object  , and returns the union of all results as the candidate set. Logical query optimization uses equalities of query expressions to transform a logical query plan into an equivalent query plan that is likely to be executed faster or with less costs. A random forest 5  is then built using original and random contrast variables and the variable importance is calculated for all variables. , number of extra hash buckets to check  , for the multiprobe LSH method and the entropy-based LSH method. , a user who explores many different types. These results indicate that higher use rate will give better results in terms of improved communication  , authoring efficiency and defect rate reduction. Wu et al. We plan to investigate these methods in future work. It is based on structural risk minimization principle from computational learning theory. Representations for interaction have a long history in social psychology and game theory 4  , 6. DBSCAN parameters were set to match the expected point density of the bucket surface. BCDRW requires three inputs: a normalized adjacency matrix W  , a normalized probability distribution d that encodes the prior ranking  , and a dumpling factor λ that balances the two. Test II: Combined Models. Ranking is the central part of many applications including document retrieval  , recommender systems  , advertising and so on. portant drawbacks with lineage for information exchange and query optimization using views. , denotes the set of common items rated by both and . This can be perceived from results already. requiring a minimum of 90 samples given the population of 1376 products in the BMEcat. a =in order Eps' . The multitask case was thought to be more demanding because more obstacles and paths must be accommodated using the same  , limited parameter space that was used individual task optimization  , meaning that the number of well fit solutions should decrease markedly. Channels and variables may either be local or global. Experiment 1. The geometric mean does not change dramatically  , because most queries do not touch more data on a larger dataset. BMEcat allows to specify products using vendor-specific catalog groups and features  , or to refer to classification systems with externally defined categories and features. The resulting groups are then used to define the memberships of modules. Hence  , CLIR experiments were performed with different translations: i.e. Connectedness: Second  , the Routing Engine scores each user according to the degree to which she herself — as a person  , independently of her topical expertise — is a good " match " for the asker for this information query. We have thus demonstrated how the Kolmogorov- Smirnov Test may be used in identifying the proportion of features which are significantly different within two data samples. Similarly  , the average improvement in Pearson correlation rises from 7% to 14% on average. News has traditionally been delivered in pre-packaged forms originally in newspapers   , which h a ve subsequently been joined by radio and television broadcasts  , and most recently by internet news services. With the addition of power and controls to the unfolded composite  , it would be possible to build a robot that could deploy in its two­ dimensional form  , fold itself  , and begin operations. In this work  , we show that the database centric probabilistic retrieval model has various interesting properties for both automatic image annotation and semantic retrieval. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. Hence  , it helped improve precision-oriented effectiveness. Then  , further simulations were performed. IW is a simple way to deal with tensor windows by fitting the model independently. According to Hull and Grefenstette 1996 human translation in CLIR experiments is an additional source of error. These models are based on basic thermodynamic theory and curve fitting of data from experiments. As we can see  , ≈40 % of calls are handled by the local cache  , regardless the number of clients. Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. On both text sets  , OTM outperforms LSA  , PLSA  , LapPLSA in terms of classification accuracies due to the orthogonality of the topics. This crucial benefit of graphs recently led to an emerging interest in graph based data mining 7. During the ARA* search  , the costs for applying a motion primitive correspond to the length of the trajectory and additionally depend on the proximity to obstacles. Similarly  , 16  integrated linkage weighting calculated from a citation graph into the content-based probabilistic weighting model to facilitate the publication retrieval. , FemaleHeadsOf- Government and HostCitiesOfTheSummerOlympicGames. Boolean assertions in programming languages and testing frameworks embody this notion. Thus  , the smaller the p-value  , the Pearson correlation is more statistically significant. Overall  , we find that there is only a weak correlation 0.157 between snippet viewing time and relevance. Accurate effort prediction is a challenge in software engineering. 15 propose an alternative approach called rank-based relevance scoring in which they collect a mapping from songs to a large corpus of webpages by querying a search engine e.g. NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also memorizes whether a user clicked on the first document. By emphasizing the discriminative power specificity of a term  , LIB reduces weights of terms commonly shared by unrelated documents  , leading to fewer of these documents being grouped together smaller false positive and higher precision. Since the egg was folded on the preheated ceramic plate  , it folded itself in 3 minutes. LSTM models are defined as follows: given a sequence of inputs  , an LSTM associates each position with input  , forget  , and output gates  , denoted as it  , ft  , and ot respectively. All runs are compared to pLSA. Then  , the following relation exists between However  , this extended method makes the problem of finding the optimal combination of DMP values even trickier and ultimately unmanageable for most human administrators. The robot then uses a Dijkstra-based graph search 20 to find the shortest path to the destination. This paper focuses on comparing the basic  , entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods in the case that the index data structure fits in main memory. DBSCAN has two parameters: Eps and MinPts. The literature on missing data 1 ,12 ,18 provides several methods for data imputation that can be used for this purpose. However  , the application is completely different. The above likelihood function can then be maximized with respect to its parameters. Semantic query optimization is well motivated in the literature6 ,5 ,7  , as a new dimension to conventional query optimization. In particular  , we will test how well our approach carries over to different types of domains. Both optimization techniques yield very awkward designs. The mapping of product classes and features is shown in Table 3. After some simple but not obvious algebra  , we obtain the following objective function that is equivalent to the likelihood function: Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. ,and rdel  , the whole databases wereincrementally inserted and deleted  , although& = 0 for the 2D spatial database. The probability of observing the context word v given the pivot word w is defined by the softmax function: The learning goal is to maximize the ability of predicting context words for each pivot word in the corpus. However  , there are a number of requirements that differ from the traditional materialized view context. Deterministic methods exploit heuristics which consider the component characteristics to configure the system structure 35. 5 BSBM is currently focused on SPARQL queries  , therefore we plan to develop a set of representative SPARQL/Update operations to cover all features of our approach. Cases for which both models yield a rather poor account typically correspond to memes that are characterized by either a single burst of popularity or by sequences of such bursts usually due to rekindled interest after news reports in other media. The likelihood function of a graph GV  , E given the latent labeling is Under the bag-of-words assumption  , the generative probability of word w in document d is obtained through a softmax function over the vocabulary: Given the wide availability of standard word embedding software and word lists for most languages  , both resources are significantly easier to obtain than manually curating lexical paraphrases   , for example by creating WordNet synsets. in folding the black Jean material  , the folding edge does not stay at the position that it is left by the gripper but it slides back by 1-2cm. The other feature we try to simulate for social robots is the ability to find the regions with most information. In particular  , AutoBlackTest uses Q-learning. In DBSCAN a cluster is defined as a set of densely-connected points controlled by  which maximize density-reachability and must contain at least M inP ts points. Applications for alignments other than CLIR  , such as automatic dictionary extraction  , thesaurus generation and others  , are possible for the future. These results show that the performance of DD is significantly better than that of other methods under challenging conditions. The evaluation shows the difficulty of the task  , as well as the promising results achieved by the new method. The SCHOLNET CS provides  , in addition to the advantages that have been discussed for CYCLADES a number of other specific advantages that derive from the combination of the collection notion with the specific SCHOLNET functionality. It shows PLSA can capture users' interest and recommend questions effectively. Thus  , we utilize LSH to increase such probability. Having computed the topical distribution of each individual tweet  , we can now estimate an entire profile's topical diversity and do so by using the Shannon diversity theorem entropy: autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. Current approaches of learning word embedding 2  , 7  , 15  focus on modeling the syntactic context. To exploit statistics on views we can leverage existing system infrastructure built to support materialized views. Speaking of the allow-or-charge area  , the quantity scale defined in BMEcat is divided into the actual quantity scale and the functional discount that has to be applied  , too. These data should be used for optimization  , i.e. The type of the tax is set to TurnoverTax  , since all taxes in BMEcat are by definition turnover taxes. 17 For comparison  , on KE4IR website we make available for download an instance of SOLR a popular search engine based on Lucene indexing the same document collection used in our evaluation  , and we report on its performances on the test queries. Basically  , DBSCAN is based on notion of density reachability. Based on this observed transition and reward the Q-function is updated using This enables a principled integration of the thesaurus model and a probabilistic retrieval model. While the BSBM benchmark is considered as a standard way of evaluating RDB2RDF approaches  , given the fact that it is very comprehensive  , we were also interested in analysing real-world queries from projects that we had access to  , and where there were issues with respect to the performance of the SPARQL to SQL query rewriting approach. Knees et al. However  , this requires that the environment appropriately associate branch counts and other information with the source or that all experiments that yield that information be redone each time the source changes. Kendall's τ evaluates the correlation of two lists of items by counting their concordant and discordant pairs. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios   , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought 5. This approach  , however  , works only for common encoding patterns for range values in text. Furthermore  , the correlations between different concepts have not been fully exploited in previous research. It uses a transform similar to the Fast Fourier Transform  , which reduces convolution to pointwise addition. The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. Finally  , the most complex query Show me all songs from Bruce Springsteen released between 1980 and 1990 contains a date range constraint and was found too hard to answer by all systems evaluated in the QALD evaluation 5. Internally  , the framework builds up a microscopic representation of the system based on these observations as well as on a list of interactions of interest specified by the user. The next section presents our method based on term proximity to score the documents. A notable feature of the Fuhr model is the integration of indexing and retrieval models. , are provided by the Access Service itself. Hit-ratio is measured during the real round. We plan to study these issues in the near future. This model shows that documents should be ranked according to the score These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. For QALD-4 dataset  , it was observed that 21 out of 24 queries with their variations were correctly fitted in NQS. In summary  , several conclusions can be drawn from the experi- ments. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. For mental demand the differences were found to be significant  We will revisit and evaluate some representative retrieval models to examine how well they work for finding related articles given a seed article. , the parameters of the LSTM block and the parameters of the function F·  , are learned during training. Based on the assumptions defined above  , in this section we propose a Two-Dimensional Click Model TDCM to explain the observed clicks. Game theory and interdependence theory Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. We consider various combinations of text and link similarity and discuss how these correlate with semantic similarity and how well they rank pages. To represent a specific node in S  , previous work tries to find matches in the skipgram model for every phrase  , and average the corresponding vectors 9. The inference is performed by Variational EM. Vertical position is controlled by the relevance score assigned by the search engine. 11. A contextaware Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. The controller is based on the real-time dynamic programming technique of Barto  , Bradtke & Singh 1994 . One issue is that the true pignistic Shannon entropy on intermediate combined evidence structures is not available. In the same spirit  , the corresponding SQL queries also consider various properties such as low selectivity  , high selectivity  , inner join  , left outer join  , and union among many others. Furthermore the LSH based method E2LSH is proposed in 20. According to Dijkstra  , at any given time an object has one of three colors. Game theory provides a natural framework for solving problems with uncertainty. However  , it requires the setting of two parameters: DBSCAN does not require the definition a-priori of the number of clusters to extract. Table entries are set according to the scoring model of the search engine; thus  , At ,d is the score of document d for term t. Overall  , English-French CLIR was very effective  , achieving at least 90% of monolingual MAP when translation alternatives with very low probability were excluded. In order to analyze how good our query translation approach for CLIR  , we display in Fig. For example  , in Figure 1suppose that another liberal news site enters the fray. By using the imported surface model  , the personal fitting function is thought to be realized. QALD-2 has the largest number of queries with no performance differences  , since both FSDM and SDM fail to find any relevant results for 28 out of 140 queries from this fairly difficult query set. The above question can be reformulated as follows. distributions amounts to fitting a model with squared loss. It needed 76 evaluations  , but the chosen optimum had a yield below 10 units: worse than all the other methods  , indicating that the assumption of a global quadratic is inadequate in this domain. user-based and itembased methods  , using the Pearson correlation to measure the similarity. Computing the dK-2 distributions is also a factor  , but rarely contributes more than 1 hour to the total fitting time. multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the entropy-based approach by a factor of 7.0  , 5.5  , and 6.0 respectively for the three recall values  , while reducing the query time by half. For each incorrect answer  , we first generalised the SPARQL query by removing a triple pattern  , or by replacing a URI by a variable. The last line is explicitly fitting a mixedeffects model using the function lme in the nlme package. All 24 out of 24 QALD-4 queries  , with all there syntactic variations  , were correctly fitted in NQS  , giving a high sensitivity to structural variation. For each dataset  , the table reports the query time  , the error ratio and the number of hash tables required  , to achieve three different search quality recall values. We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. The idea behind EasyEnsemble is quite simple. Our results have practical implications to search engine companies. Second  , we have looked at only one measure of predictive performance in our empirical and theoretical work  , and the choice of evaluation criterion is necessarily linked to what we might mean by predictability. Though real-time dynamic programming converges to an optimal solution quickly  , several modifications are proposed to further speed-up the convergence. The G-Click method  , which gets the best performance for these queries  , has only a nonsignificant 0.37% improvement over WEB methods in rank scoring metric. The goal in RaPiD7 is to benefit the whole project by creating as many of the documents as possible using RaPiD7. If the predicate belongs to the profile  , the frequency of this predicate is incremented by one and the timestamp associated to this entry is updated. In the three semantic relevance approaches 4  , 5  , and 6  , a cutoff value of 0.5 was used. This demonstrates the real ability of Linked Data-based systems to provide the user with valuable relevant concepts. Fu and Guo 2 proposed a method to learn taxonomy structure via word embedding. From the experimental results   , we can see that SAE model outperforms other machine learning methods. It can be seen that Q-learning incorporated with DYNA or environmental·information reduce about 50 percent of the number of steps taken by the agent. We estimate that DBSCAN also runs roughly 15 times faster and show the estimated running time of DBSCAN in the following table as a function of point set cardinality. Variational EM alternates between updating the expectations of the variational distribution q and maximizing the probability of the parameters given the " observed " expected counts. i.e.