Federated text search provides a unified search interface for multiple search engines of distributed text information sources. By comparing the retrieved documents  , the user can easily evaluate the performance of different search engines. Table 1summarizes the results. Inspired by stochastic gradient descent method  , we propose an efficient way of updating U  , called stochastic learning . F ocus is an ambiguous search term on YouTube and does not commonly relate to the artist Focus. The free search was performed by search experts only librarians and professors. We remove proper nouns because we observed that if a particular proper noun occurs in a news article and a reader comment frequently  , then the cosine similarity score will be high  , but the actual content of the comment and the news article might not be similar. The Servo thread is an interrupt service routine ISR which The windows are grouped in two sections: operator windows green softkeys and expert windows blue softkeys. Then  , the ESA semantic interpreter will go through each text word  , retrieve corresponding entries in the inverted index  , and merge them into a vector of concepts that is ordered by their relevance to the input text. This method is well suited for real time tracking applications. Each iteration of the stochastic gradient descent in PV-DBOW goes through each word exactly once  , so we use the document length 1/#d to ensure equal regularizations over long and short documents. Search Concept is not fully modelled here  , in addition to Term and Author  , it has conjunctions  , dis- junctions  , and negations as subcortcepts. The combined search aggregates text and visual similarity. The majority of queries are natural language questions that are focused on finding one particular entity or several entities as exact answers to these questions. The basic assumption of a cognitive basis for a semantic distance effect over thesaurus terms has been investigated by Brooks 8  , in a series of experiments exploring the relevance relationships between bibliographic records and topical subject descriptors. Therefore  , the result of this search paradigm is a list of documents with expressions that match the query. A grid search defines a grid over the parameter space. A total of twentyfive groups participated in the enterprise track. Also  , stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization. For the second approach  , we applied the softmax action selection rules. We will compare our technique to standard similarity search on the inverted index in terms of quality  , storage  , and search efficiency. We also showed that it takes more effort from the user to form queries when doing pattern search as compared to similarity search  , but when relevant matches are found they are ranked somewhat higher. The neural click models can be used to simulate user behavior on a SERP and to infer document relevance from historical user interactions. In ll  the classification task is performed by a self-organizing Kohonen's map. Based on the assumptions defined above  , in this section we propose a Two-Dimensional Click Model TDCM to explain the observed clicks. Differences in the selection of search strategies Comparison of the interseascher concept-consistency mean values and the number of search concepts per search request showed a strong and also statistically highly significant negative correlation rs = -0.893; p = 0 ,0001  , see Table 2between them  , The searchers who selected more search concepts per search request achieved lower conceptconsistency mean values than other searchers. The weighted version RW weights the semantic clusters based on the aggregate relevance levels of the tweets included in each cluster. Another complex search task is that a breaking news search of Nobel Prize winner is likely to evolve to an exploratory search task of studying a certain scientific domain. Otherwise  , pattern search would be a generalized form of the similarity search approach  , which makes it hard to compare them. Immediately below the text search box  , is a search history pull down menu  , which gives a list of the text queries previously executed by the user. It is a variation of bidirectional search and sequential forward search SFS that has dominant direction on forward search. Groupization to improve search. The main difference to the standard classification problem Eq. Using the semantic relevance measure  , retrieval tasks were performed to evaluate the semantic relevance measure and the categorized and weighted pictogram retrieval approach. Because most search engines only index a certain portion of each website  , the recall rate of these searches is very low  , and sometimes even no documents are returned. The second interface displayed search results in a similar fashion to the baseline  , and provided QE terms Fig 2aon the left-hand pane  , and finally our full interface presents the search results  , and multiple representations of QE terms Fig. After a search was done  , the documents found were labeled with the tag of the corresponding search used. In order to achieve a higher resolution in the Cspace and to efficiently use the occupied main memory  , we developed a reorganization mechanism of the C-space  , based on Kohonen's self-organizing feature map  , which is stated in section 5. A parameter controls the degree of trade-off.  A Fact Base which stores the intermediate search results and information needed to select the next search strategy. The Dienst protocol provides two functions for querying a collection: Simple Search and Fielded Search. 5shows the search result of a product search with Preference SQL via a mobile WAP phone. We have used the Google N-grams collection 6   , taking the frequency of words from the English One Million collection of Google books from years 1999 to 2009. However  , directly optimizing the above objective function is impractical because the cost of computing the full softmax is proportional to the size of items |I|  , which is often extremely large. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. Precision evaluates a search system based on how relevant the documents highly ranked by the search system are to the query. These features are usually generated based on mel-frequency cepstral coefficients MFCCs 7 by applying Fast Fourier transforms to the signal. In generally  , search related user behavior can be classified into three categories: the usage frequency and how frequently users using or reusing the search engine in order to accomplish their search tasks. In the recent fourth installment of QALD  , hybrid questions on structured and unstructured data became a part of the benchmark. By studying the candidates generated by the QA search module  , we find that Yahoo sorted the questions in terms of the semantic similarity between the query and the candidate question title. In this paper  , we propose a novel image search system  , which presents a novel interface to enable users to intuitively indicate the search goal by formulating the query in a visual manner  , i.e. The actual specification of a full-text search query for a particular product. Search Pad is automatically triggered at query time when a search mission is identified. In the beginning  , many researchers focused on new dimension reduction technologies and new similarity measuring method for time series. After reading the returned search results  , the searcher might realize his inappropriate choices  , correct them  , and redo the search. The retrieved sets of images are then ranked in descending order according to their similarity with the image query. Most of the existing works rely on search engine server logs to suggest relevant queries to user inputs. However for narrower tasks  , a conventional tabbed search interface would appear to be better. Once the relevant pictograms are selected  , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. As a result of this transformation we now have equi-distant data samples in each frequency band. Digital items of this type represent cohesive semantic units that may be substantial in size  , requiring extensive effort to assess for relevance. Buse and Wiemer 10 discuss that the answers of existing code search engines are usually complicated even after slicing. Instead of evaluating every distinct word or document during each gradient step in order to compute the sums in equations 9 and 10  , hierarchical softmax uses two binary trees  , one with distinct documents as leaves and the other with distinct words as leaves. Given a user attempting a search task  , the goal of our method is to learn from the on-task search behavior of other users. The fact that full search achieves higher nDCG scores than pre-search confirms the successful re-ordering that takes place in full search based on pairwise entity-based similarity computation. After issuing the search interface/engine with a query  , the component provides SimIIR with access to the SERP -a ranked list of snippets and associated documents. This is followed by a presentation of our approach to automatic organization of music archives by sound similarity in Section 3  , covering feature extraction  , the principles of the Self-Organizing Map  , and the two-layered architecture used to organize music. The term selection relies on the overall similarity between the query concept and terms of the collection rather than on the similarity between a query term and the terms of the collection. structural similarity and keyword search use IR techniques. For instance  , in federated search the same query is issued on multiple search engines and the results merged using a utility function 35. The use of Bing's special search operators was not evaluated at all. For instance  , a search engine needs to crawl and index billions of web-pages. For example  , the independent assumption between different columns can be relaxed to capture multi-column interdependency. All similarity matrices we applied were derived from our color similarity search system. Figure 5illustrates the different similarities sorted for each measure and shows that 41% of the time we can extract a significantly similar replacement page R replacement  to the original resource R missing  by at least 70% similarity. The search and retrieval interface Figure 2 allows users to find videos by combining full text  , image similarity  , and exact/partial match search. The search results appeared either below the search box  , or in a different tab depending on user's normal search preferences  , in the original search engine result format. Our search engine has access to copies of 3DWare- house and the PSB and can find models by geometric similarity  , original tags  , or autotags. More formally  , if S is a random variable representing a search  , and acceptables is an indicator function denoting whether a particular search s has an acceptable result  , we define: A reliable search method would achieve an acceptable search most of the time. This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. Such federated search has the additional benefits of lower computational cost and better scaling properties. Finally  , we describe relevance scoring functions corresponding to the types of queries. Therefore  , it is not possible to use one fixed similarity measure for one specific task. The bi-directional LSTM has 128 hidden units for each dimension ; CNN is 256 dimensional with a window size of 3. If the structure exceeds w entries  , then CyCLaDEs removes the entry with the oldest timestamp. The LSTM transition functions are defined as follows: These gates collectively decide the transitions of the current memory cell ct and the current hidden state ht. Figure 2illustrates how the user reranks search results in the publication search result according to the number of citing counts. Note that the second and third features are very similar to two of the similarity measures used in the enhanced pooling approach Section 3.1.2. The semantic gap between two views of Wiki is quite large. For the example question  , a search was done using a typical similarity measure and the bag of content words of the question. Search engines that provide facilities to search pictures e.g. The user can search for the k most similar files based on an arbitrary specification. Semantic information for music can be obtained from a variety of sources 32. Each search unit is controlled from a control computer which loads the queries into the search units. Given a search results D  , a visual similarity graph G is first constructed. This paper presents the extended cr* operator to retrieve implicit values from time sequences under various user-defined interpolation assumptions. Hence  , this step extracts first the latent semantics of words under a topic  , and then incorporates these semantics into the topic's feature space. Furthermore  , if a general optimality criterion is given at runtime  , a global optimum can be sought along the lower-dimensional self-motion manifold rather than in the complete n-dimensional configuration space. In §2 we investigate the media studies research cycle. From that page it is possible to perform a full-text search  , a similarity search starting from one of the random selected images. The goal would be to efficiently obtain a measure of the semantic distance between two versions of a document. A site entry page may have multiple equivalent URLs. In that case  , the complexity of the problem can be analyzed along the number of semantic paths retrieved Similar heuristics to those discussed in the first approach that use context to prune paths based on degree of relevance can also be used here. Moreover  , some search engines such as Google or Live.com have started to mix dedicated news search results with the results displayed in the regular search pane i.e. A search session is a sequence of user activities that begin with a query  , includes subsequent queries and URL visits  , and ends with a period of inactivity. Abnormal aging and fault will result in deviations with respect to normal conditions. If information about the topological order of the training data is provided  , or can be inferred   , only a very small data set is required. A reliable search method would achieve an acceptable search most of the time. Search trails originate with a directed search i.e. We then proposed different aspects for characterizing reference quality  , including context coherence  , selection clarity  , and reference relevance with respect to the selection and the context. The language allows grouping of query conditions that refer to the same entity. We present two methods for estimating term similarity. Let us start by introducing two representative similarity measures σc and σ based on textual content and hyperlinks  , respectively. The search of a meaningful representation of the time series   , and the search of an appropriate similarity measure for comparing time series. To help analyze the behavior of our method we used a Self-Organizing Map via the SOM-PAK package 9  , to 'flatten' and visualize the high-dimensional density function 2 . to the introduction of blank nodes. We then propose four basic types of formula search queries: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. If the search session failed to be classified as either re-finding or exploratory search  , it was classified as single search session. As expected  , the worst method in terms of semantic relevance is the TempCorr method  , which ignores semantics altogether. It provides a distributed  , multitenant-capable search engine with a HTTP web interface. Euclidean distance only considers the data similarity  , but manifold distance tries to capture the semantic relevance by the underlying structure of the data set. Query rewriting Since the ultimate goal of users is to search relevant documents   , the users can search using formulae as well as other keywords. The relevance values attached to each rule then provide  , together with an appropriate calculus of relevance values  , a mechanism for determining the overall relevance of a given document as a function of those patterns which it contains. MILOS indexes this tag with a special index to offer efficient similarity search. In practice  , it is closer to a depth-first search with some backtracking than to a breadth-first search. We have found that the context-based search effectively ranks query outputs  , controls topic diffusion  , and reduces output sizes 1  , 2. Given the obvious constraints  , a trade-off had to be made between getting a broad representative sample of search tasks and what was feasible. As a second step  , we propose an efficient search procedure on the resulting PLA index to answer similarity queries without introducing any false dismissals. The limitation of these methods is that they either depend on some external resources e.g. Yet we still compare LSSH to CHMIS to verify the ability of LSSH to promote search performance by merging knowledge from heterogeneous data sources. How many is counted by the docCount rela- tionship  , which relates a search set to a number  , an atomic concept below Number. An interesting property of hierarchical feature maps is the tremendous speed-up as compared to the self-organizing map. After conducting all four searches  , participants completed an exit questionnaire. After all documents are indexed  , the data are aggregated and sent to the Self-Organizing Map for categorization. The techniques proposed in this work fall into two categories. Since the number of parameters is large and there are tremendous amount of training data  , we use stochastic gradient descent SGD to learn the model  , since it is proven to be scalable and effective. For instance  , a word like " morning " may score high in the category of coffee merely based on its occurrence at similar times as coffee terms. The video library interface used for the study was an enhanced version of the one used with TRECVID 2003 that achieved the bestranked interactive search performance at that time. Their approach relies on a freezing technique  , i.e.  We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. Prior research utilized the integration of IPC code similarity between a query patent and retrieved patents to re-rank the results in the prior art search literature 4 ,5. In our definition of a switching event  , navigational queries for search engine names e.g. Based on search  , target  , and context concept similarity queries may look like the following ones: The selection of a context concept does not only determine which concepts are compared   , it also affects the measured similarity see section 3.4. And a tag-tag visual similarity matrix is formulated by the propagated tag relevance from trustable images in Section 2.2. SGD requires gradients  , which can be effectively calculated as follows: Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. A depthfirst search strategy has two major advantages. Some possible fields in a journal search request may be as in  'Identifier' Response. The SCHOLNET CS provides  , in addition to the advantages that have been discussed for CYCLADES a number of other specific advantages that derive from the combination of the collection notion with the specific SCHOLNET functionality. Each segment  , the entire interval when the sensor is in contact with the object  , is transferred to the frequency domain using Fast Fourier Transform. When a non-square matrix A is learned for dimensionality reduction   , the resulting problem is non-convex  , stochastic gradient descent and conjugate gradient descent are often used to solve the problem. The Arizona Noun Phraser developed at the University of Arizona is the indexing tool used to index the key phrases that appear in each document collected from the Internet by the Internet Spiders. Section 5 reports our experimental results. We study the performance of different data fusion techniques for combining search results. This is a typical decoding task  , and the Viterbi decoding technique can be used. Boolean operators and uncertainty operators have to be evaluated in a different way from the evaluation of semantic operators. When applying a table search query to the popular search engines  , we observe that a flood of unwanted and sometimes unsolicited results will be returned. In this paper we proposed a novel way of matching advertisements to web pages that rely on a topical semantic match as a major component of the relevance score. The results obtained using the remaining methods are presented in Table 2. If the same types of dependencies were capture by both syntactic and semantic dependencies  , LCE would be expected to perform about equally as well as relevance models. Perform a range search on the B+-tree to find Suppose the time search interval is IS = ta  , ta. In search engine or information retrieval research field  , there are a few research papers studied the users' re-finding and re-visitation search behaviors. The rest of the section elaborates on these measures and how they are used to rank ρ-path associations. The searching contains -a subject oriented browsing -a search for authors  , titles and other relevant bibliographic information -a subject oriented search in different information resources. -Term distance method Dist This method uses the following similarity measure in place of the cosine similarity in Cosine. The CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model draws on the intuition that the sequence of features e.g. Some semantic-relevance images that can not be found under the typical visual bag-of-words model were successfully retrieved. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the soft cardinalitybased semantic similarity where the expert coreness annotations were used as training data. This click model is consisted of a horizontal model H Model that explains the skipping behavior  , a vertical model D Model that depicts the vertical examination behavior  , and a relevance model R Model that measures the intrinsic relevance between the prefix and a suggested query. They conducted two experiments to determine whether users engaged in a more exhaustive " breadth-first " search meaning that users will look over a number of the results before clicking any  , or a " depth-first " search. Search intent prediction is an important problem  , as it will largely improve search experience. 7 we evaluate our initial implementation on the QALD-4 benchmark and conclude in Sect. Oracle provides a rich full-text search API that can be used to build information retrieval applications. Another 216 words returned the same results for the three semantic relevance approaches. The RSVP user interface is primarily designed for relevance assessment of video shots  , which are presented in a rapid but controllable sequence. Each time a search is performed   , the Search Module retrieves URIs of instances in the search results and stores them into a cache memory. The benefit of taking into account the search result count is twofold. by similarity to a single selected document. Consider Figure 1a  , which depicts a sample search submitted to a major search engine. In our example  , the Semantic GrowBag uses statistical information to compute higher order co-occurrences of keywords. Stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization . The photographs are transformed from spatial domain to frequency domain by a Fast Fourier Transform  , and the pixels whose values surpass a threshold are considered as sharp pixels we use a threshold value of 2  , following 4. The mapping to the dual plane and the use of arrangements provides an intuitive framework for representing and maintaining the rankings of all possible top-k queries in a non-redundant  , self-organizing manner. We sampled 500 such patterns from the " browse → search " sessions. When F reqmin is larger  , the correlation curves decrease especially for substring search. We can briefly show why the Clarke-Tax approach maximizes the users' truthfulness by an additional  , simpler example. As Gupta et al 10 comment the most successful systems are those which an organizing structure has been imposed on the data to give it semantic relevance. Future enhancements will also comprise special treatment of terms appearing in the meta-tags of the mp3 files and the search for phrases in lyrics. Time series similarity search under the Euclidean metric is heavily I/O bound  , however similarity search under DTW is also very demanding in terms of CPU time. σ  , the number of documents to which a cluster's score is distributed Equation 3: {5 ,10 ,20 ,30 ,40} ρ  , the number of rounds: 1–2  , Cluster-Audition; 1–5  , Viterbi Doc-Audition and Doc-Audition. We developed a family of referencebased indexing techniques. First  , the basic Skip-gram model is extended by inserting a softmax layer  , in order to add the word sentiment polarity. This phase is called " search results narrowing " . The user interacts with the QAC engine horizontally and vertically according to the H  , D and R models. These three categories of search represent three of the four qualitatively different search types encountered in WiSAR 14  , 28. However  , the edit distance for similarity measurement is not used for two reasons: 1 Computing edit distances of the query and all the names in the data set is computationally expensive  , so a method based on indexed features of substrings is much faster and feasible in practice . We have benchmarked Preference SQL The search scenario of the search engine is as follows: In a pre-selection a set of hard criteria has to be filled into the search mask. New strategies have to be developed to predict the user's intention. einstein relativ-ity theory "   , " tango music composers "   , " prima ballerina bolshoi theatre 1960 " ;  QALD-2: the Question Answering over Linked Data query set contains natural language questions of 4 different types: e.g. A meta search system sends a user's query to the back-end search engines  , combines the results and presents an integrated result-list to the user. We extract the keywords from the META tag of the doorway pages and query their semantic similarity using DISCO API. This can be calculated in JavaScript. Such hash-based methods for fast similarity search can be considered as a means for embedding high-dimensional feature vectors to a low-dimensional Hamming space the set of all 2 l binary strings of length l  , while retaining as much as possible the semantic similarity structure of data. Section 3 formally defines the similarity search problem for web services. When the user returns to the current list  , the user applies content-similarity search to the next document in the queue until the queue is empty. We identify this noise elements by high frequency and low-power spectrum in the frequenc domain transformed by the fast Fourier transform YFFT. Unfortunately  , there is not an easily computed metric that provides a direct correlation between syntactic and semantic changes in a Web page For instance  , there is no clear relationship between the number of bytes changed and the relevance of the change to the reader. A randomly chosen anonymous set of people doing search on the W3C website are presented with the W3C Semantic Search instead of the regular search results. Since Atomate uses a rule based system at its core  , emerging Semantic Web work pertaining to rule languages such as SWRL and RuleML  , and efficient chainers for these languages are currently of great relevance and interest to us well. These are then returned as a list of resources that best matches the users' queries. Once the vectors containing the top results for the two compared texts are retrieved  , cosine similarity between the two vectors is computed to measure their similarity. The learned function f maps each text-image pair to a ranking score based on their semantic relevance. APEQ uses Graph traversal technique to determine the main entity by graph exploration. There was a strong positive correlation between the termconsistency and the proportion of descriptors among search terms rs = 0.598; p = 0.0009.  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and the query  Number of occurrences of the query in the target profile's description*  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and DuckDuckGo description* Besides the relationship between the description and query  , we further searched for the organization's description from DuckDuckGo 5   , a search engine that provides the results from sources such as Wikipedia. Candidate in a debate with other candidates. While similarity ranking is in fact an information retrieval approach to the problem  , pattern search resembles a database look-up. The Cosine metric measures the similarity by computing the cosine of the angle between the two vectors representing the search trails. Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. In addition  , a variant of the LSTMonly model which adds the user static input as the input in the beginning of the model is also evaluated. The higher relevance ratings for the task that required subjects to locate a previously seen image suggest that users were better able to specify those queries. Presumably  , had it known the search context or search workflow  , it could have provided more useful and focused information. Businesses consider sponsored links a reliable marketing and profit avenue  , and search engines certainly consider sponsored search a workable business model. The percentage increase of the cluster search over the inverted index search is also included in the The numbers in Table 2show that the cluster search requires a significant amount more disk spa~ than the inverted index search an increase of 70- 100%. Answers dataset 5 di↵erent splits are used to generate training data for both LSTM and ranking model  , Figure 2describes the steps I took to build training datasets. There is no formal definition for operation similarity  , because  , just like in other types of search  , similarity depends on the specific goal in the user's mind. The searches were conducted on Wikipedia using a commercial test search engine created by Search Technologies Corp. We used the commercial search engine  , because Wikipedia does not provide full-text search. Since there is no closed form solution for the parameters w and b that minimize Equation 1  , we resort to Stochastic Gradient Descent 30  , a fast and robust optimization method. An interesting application of relational similarity in information retrieval is to search using implicitly stated analogies 21  , 37. An additional feature was added to the blended display and provided as an additional screen  , i.e. – Search engine : Apache Lucene is a free  , full-text search engine library. Extensive research on similarity search have been proposed in recent years. This table also tells us that the search queries will be more effective than clicked pages for user representation in BT. From there  , users can refine their queries by choosing a picture in the result to submit a new similarity search or to submit a complex search query  , which combines similarity and fielded search. RQ2 Does the LSTM configuration have better learning abilities than the RNN configuration ? In the " cooking recipe " case  , the performances cannot be improved even using page content  , since all the considered sites are effectively on the topic " cooking recipes "   , and then there is a semantic reason because such sites are connected . All Pairs Similarity Search APSS 6  , which identifies similar objects among a given dataset  , has many important applications. Web mash-ups have explored the potential for combining information from multiple sources on the web. It requires formulation of the search in the space of relational database queries. By using our compression scheme for the whole text  , direct search can be done over each block improving the search time by a factor of 8. The proposed method provides:  Simultaneous search for Web and TV contents that match with the given keywords  ,  Search for recorded TV programs that relate to the Web content being browsed  Search for Web content or other TV programs that relate to the TV programs being watched. One way to address this problem is to use a fast lower bounding function to help prune sequences that could not possibly be a best match. Of course  , high temporal correlation does not guarantee semantic relevance. When a user comes to a search engine  , she formulates a query according to her search intent and submits it to the search engine. At present  , we provide two search modes: quick search  , which takes free text queries  , and advanced search  , which takes more complex predicates. For the text search  , we make a use of the functionalities of the full-text search engine library. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. We selected ten questions from WebQuestions and QALD and asked five graduate students to construct queries of the ten questions on both DBpedia and YAGO. In this paper  , we presented Tweet2Vec  , a novel method for generating general-purpose vector representation of tweets  , using a character-level CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder architecture . By better modeling users' search targets based on personalized music dimensions  , we can create more comprehensive similarity measures and improve the music retrieval accuracy. We can observe that for similarity search  , when more results are retrieved  , the correlation curves decrease  , while for substring search  , the correlation curves increase. These results show that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D learns the concept of distance to the previous click  , although this information is not explicitly provided in the document representation. In this paper  , we present a scalable approach for related-document search using entity-based document similarity. Similar to 38  , we add an additional softmax layer upon the target language SAE that outputs the sentiment labels of the target language data. Essentially  , an interface to a bi-directional weakly connected graph that is transparently generated as the programmer works. To start a search in Visual MeSH  , the user can select to lookup concepts from either MetaThesaurus or MEDLINE. The Viterbi path contains seven states as the seventh state was generated by the sixth state and a transition to the seventh state. This gives us two similarity values for each search result. Each participant was expected to carry out a search task on each one of Search Friend's interfaces systematically. The user then browses the returned documents and clicks some of them. Except for the LSH and KLSH method which do not need training samples  , for the unsupervised methods i.e. The one-dimensional Fast Fourier Transform is then applied to this array. where α is the similarity threshold in a fuzzy query. After extracting the semantic features  , we need to represent those features in a proper format so that it is convenient to calculate the relevance between tweets and profiles. For a given Latent Semantic Space In this work we use the Euclidean distance to measure the relevance between a query and a document. For optimization  , we just use stochastic gradient descent in this paper. Most of these present a feed search service in conjunction with blog post searching and some are closely integrated with feed reading services. Various visual features including color histograms  , text  , camera movement  , face detection  , and moving objects can be utilized to define the similarity. First  , we want to point out that hash-based similarity search is a space partitioning method. This makes each optimization step independent of the total number of available datapoints. Contextual expansion methodologies i.e. Search queries are then accelerated by using that structure. Their system is a type of meta-search engine and requires users to explicitly select a community before search activities are conducted. Instead of picking the top document from that ranking  , like in TDI  , the document is drawn from a softmax distribution. The model consists of several components: a Deep Semantic Structured Model DSSM 11 to model user static interests; two LSTM-based temporal models to capture daily and weekly user temporal patterns; and an LSTM temporal model to capture global user interests. The adjacent semantic link panel lists links to more content that is of relevance to what is displayed in the content panel. Our work spans several areas of modeling searcher behavior  , including analyzing search log to understand variances in user behavior  , evaluating search engine performance  , conducting online study using crowd-sourcing approach  , and predicting search success and frustration. For a keyword-based search  , at search time  , a contexts of interest are selected  , and only papers in the selected contexts are involved in the search  , and b search results are ranked separately within contexts. This cache is hosted by clients and completes the traditional HTTP temporal cache hosted by data providers. job search or product search offered with a general-purpose search engine using a unified user interface. Specifically  , the tf idf is calculated on the TREC 2014 FebWeb corpus. We propose four types of queries for chemical formula search: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. On the one hand  , such pattern restriction is not unique in entity search. The experimental results show that our approach achieves high search efficiency and quality  , and outperforms existing methods significantly. Our study is also related to a large body of previous work on search personalization. Unfortunately  , these search types are not directly portable to textual searches  , because e.g. Based on this prediction  , we propose a semantic relevance calculation on categorized interpretations. The similarity measure used in the example is Figure 21.2 shows a simple search tree  , a request  , the primary bucket and a set of priorities for the arcs not yet explored. Here we use breadth-first search. The current release of the CYCLADES system does not fully exploit the potentiality of the CS since it uses the CS only as a means to construct virtual information spaces that are semantically meaningful from some community's perspective. Simplicity is a fundamental requirement in the design of solutions for this type of problems  , where users most likely have limited knowledge on how to protect their privacy through more sophisticated approaches. In this paper we focussed on the usability of answers and how well a search system can find relevant documents for a given query. Previous results may serve as a source of inspiration for new similarity search queries for refining search intentions. The support for internal search was addressed by utilizing a domain specific vocabulary on different levels of the employed search mechanisms. Enhanced semantic desktop search provides a search service similar to its web sibling. In order to use the self-organizing map to cluster text documents  , the various texts have to be represented as the histogram of its words. Egomath is a text-based math search engine on Wikipedia. Notice that the DREAM model utilize an iterative method in learning users' representation vectors. This is aimed at averting too long loops that would happen with simple greedy selection. Finally  , a user similarity matrix is constructed capturing similarity between each pair of users over a variety of dimensions user interests  , collection usage  , queries  , favorite object descriptions that are integrated into a unified similarity score. character and word n-grams extracted from CNN can be encoded into a vector representation using LSTM that can embed the meaning of the whole tweet. To do so  , the model leverages the existing classifier p0y|x  , and create the semantic embedding vector of x as a convex combination of semantic vectors of the most relevant training labels. While Broder treated search intents as relatively short-term activities 10  , Marchionini's classification included long-term search activities such as learn and investigate  , and he argued that exploratory searches were searches pertinent to the learn and investigate search activi- ties. Incipit searching  , a symbolic music similarity problem  , has been a topic of interest for decades 3. We have improved the Viterbi-based splitting model feeding it with a dataset larger than the one used in 1. A search concept was defined as a unit of information that represents an elementary class e.g. Despite the single user requiring such a feature and the high rating she assigned to the app  , the barebones developers implemented search suggestions in the release 3.1: " Added Google Search Suggestions " . A cutoff value of 0.5 was used for the three semantic relevance approaches. We argued in 14 that annotating medical images with information available from LODD can eventually improve their search and navigation through additional semantic links. In the experiment  , we used three datasets  , including both the publicly benchmark dataset and that obtained from a commercial search engine. Using this method we find that 48 ,922 doorway pages in 526 abusive cloud directories utilize traffic spam techniques to manipulate the page relevance. For each static search session  , whole-session level relevance judgments are provided in the datasets: annotators judged documents regarding whether or not they are relevant to the topic or task underlying the search session instead of an individual query. We pursue an approach that is based on a modulative relevance model SemRank  , that can easily using a sliding bar be modulated or adjusted via the query interface. However  , no previous research has addressed the issue of extracting and searching for chemical formulae in text documents. The engine returns a search result list. Generally  , a chemical similarity search is to search molecules with similar structures as the query molecule. Finally  , Yahoo built a visual similarity-based interactive search system  , which led to more refined product recommendations 8. A search set is the set of document records found at evaluation of a search expression. It uses estimates of the distance to the goal to search efficiently . Our goal is to improve upon the search time of binary search without using a significant amount of additional space. The repository structure includes a search engine  , which is used to search the contents of the repository. Then the inverse FFT returns the resulted CoM trajectory into time domain. Their strategies focus on: creating a hierarchical taxonomy using a tree to find representations of generic intents from user queries 15  , examining bias between users' search intent and the query generated in each search session 11  , or investigating query intent when users search for cognitive characteristics in documents 12 . Knowledge of user search patterns on a search system can be used to improve search performance. Another advantage of the model is that we can use this model to capture the 'semantic'/hidden relevance between the query and the target objects. Finally  , we give the recognition result based on the searching results. 7'he relevance of a document takes the maximal value among the correspondence measures evaluated between itk component semantic expressions and the query. Kernelized LSH KLSH 23 addresses this limitation by employing kernel functions to capture similarity between data points without having to know their explicit vector representation. First  , we provide a general method for the aggregation of information streams based on the concept of semantic relevance and on a novel asymmetric aggregation function. We explore tag-tag semantic relevance in a tag-specific manner. Scores are assigned to each expansion by combining the backward score g  , computed by the translation model from the end to the current position of i  , and the forward score h computed by the Viterbi search from the initial to the current position of i. Federated search is the approach of querying multiple search engines simultaneously  , and combining their results into one coherent search engine result page. Although the superiority of DTW over Euclidean distance is becoming increasing apparent 191835  , the need for similarity search which is invariant to uniform scaling is not well understood. Trails can contain multiple query iterations  , and must contain pages that are either: search result pages  , visits to search engine homepages  , or connected to a search result page via a hyperlink trail. These findings suggest that the criteria in the Hybrid method Equation 7 improves both temporal similarity and semantic relevance. Then the vertical search intention of queries can be identified by similarities. Fortunately  , hashing has been widely shown as a promising approach to tackle fast similarity search 29. In the Semantic Web community  , crowdsourcing has also been recently considered  , for instance to link 10 or map 21  entities. The returned set was therefore compared to their query in that light  , their semantic relevance. Aggregated search can be compared to federated search 18 also known as distributed information retrieval  , which deals with merging result rankings from different search engines into one single ranking list. The user interface of the application simply consists of a text box and a keyword search can be performed pressing the " Search " button. Our method outperforms the three baselines  , including method only consider PMI  , surface coverage or semantic similarity Table 2: Relevance precision compared with baselines. For example  , the first retrieved image in the first case is the 34th image retrieved by Euclidean distance. Autonomous Motion Department at the Max-Planck- Institute for Intelligent Systems  , Tübingen  , Germany Email: first.lastname@tue.mpg.de for some subsets of data points separating postives from negatives may be easy to achieve  , it generally can be very hard to achieve this separation for all data points. query-term overlap and search result similarity. To answer our first research question we evaluate the performance of the baseline bl and subjunctive sj interface on a complex exploratory search task in terms of user interaction statistics and in terms of search patterns. The Clarke-Tax mechanism is appealing for several reasons . The technique we use for full similarity search is the frequent k-n-match query and we will evaluate its effectiveness statistically in Section 5.1.2. The correlation component Figure 2  calculates the Spearman's rank correlation for the three similarity datasets  , twelve different languages and three similarity measures Cosine  , Euclidean distance  , Correlation 8 . In this step  , if any document sentence contributes only stop words for the summary  , the matching is cancelled since the stop words are more likely to be inserted by humans rather than coming from the original document. We alternatively execute Stage I and Stage II until the parameters converge. The semantic types used in the current system were determined entirely by inspection. Search sessions contain unique user identifier and a sequence of records for search actions  , such as queries  , result clicks and search engine switching actions   , which were detected by a browser toolbar or by clicks on a link to open another search engine from the search engine results page. for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. We showed that by using a generic approach to generate SPARQL queries out of predicate-argument structures  , HAWK is able to achieve up to 0.68 F-measure on the QALD-4 benchmark. extending keyword search with a creation or update date of documents. once the shortcomings mentioned in Section 6.2 are addressed  , we will evaluate our approach on a larger scale  , for example using the data provided by the second instalment of the QALD open challenge  , which comprises 100 training and 100 test questions on DBpedia  , and a similar amount of questions on MusicBrainz . However  , some studies suggest that different methods for measuring the similarity between short segments of text i.e search queries and tags 9  , 12. Defining representative content has to focus on the technical side of the objects and cover the difference in structural expression of the content  , not the variety of the semantic content that the objects represent such as different motives shown in digital photographs. The 'identifier' request results in a single  , full zetoc record. We offer this description to demonstrate that evidence gleaned from pseudo-queries could have non-temporal applications  , calling the induced model R a document's " semantic profile. " The prototype search interface allows the user to specify query terms such as product names  , and passes them to a search engine selected by the user. If the glb values of the conjunct are already available in the semantic index  , they are directly retrieved. SOM 14Self Organizing Map or SOFM Self Organizing Feature Map shares the same philosophy to produce low dimension from high dimension. The features used for relevance prediction are an extension of those used in the 28. The CYCLADES system users do not know anything about the provenance of the underlying content. The intuition behind this approach is that proximity in the graph reflects mutual relevance between nodes. To bootstrap this rst training stage  , an initial state-level segmentation was obtained by a Viterbi alignment using our last evaluation system. Compute a non-zero vector p k called the search direction. Search tasks formed reflect the following typical search tactics in fiction searching: known author/title search  , topical search  , open-ended browsing  , search by analogy and searching without conducting a query.  The number of meaningful semantic path instances: We regard resources which have many meaningful semantic path instances directed to keywords as more relevant resources. For each leaf node  , there is a unique assigned path from the root which is encoded using binary digits. All participants used the same search system which resembled a standard search engine. Each subtask consists of a frequent itemset and a combine set  , and the associated search space is traversed in depth-first order using a back-tracking search. Otherwise  , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. This would require extending the described techniques  , and creating new QA benchmarks. Based on the performance values listed in Table 3  , we see that a the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach performs better than the rest in terms of recall 0.70472 and F 1 measure 0.73757; b the semantic relevance approach in general performs much better than the simple query string match approach; and that c the categorized approach in general performs much better than the not-categorized approach. Data augmentation  , in our context  , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. Instead of displaying the photographs on the map  , Flickr lists them sequentially across multiple search results pages see Fig. For each query reformulation pair  , we calculated the change of search performance measured by nDCG@10 and the similarity of results measured by the Jaccard similarity for the pair of queries' top 10 results. The hierarchical search makes use of the Lucene Boolean operator to join: a UMLS concept search  , appropriate Topic type word search e.g. Similarity measures for Boolean search request formulations 335 Radecki  , 1977Radecki  ,   , 1978a. When a category is selected from the category search view  , the concept search is restricted to the concepts belonging to the selected category. As a result  , we derive a similarity search function that supports Type-2 and 3 pattern similarities. In this paper 1 we present a coordination middleware for the Semantic Web and demonstrate its relevance to these vital issues for Semantic Web applications. Traditional search engines  , such as Google  , do not perform any semantic integration but offer a basic keyword search service over a multitude of web data sources. Thus  , a good CBIR method should consider low-level features as well as intrinsic structure of the data. Since ORN is a graph model that carries informative semantics about an image  , the graph distance between ORNs can serve as an effective measurement of the semantic similarity between images. Observed from the search results  , this method ranks the images mainly according to the color similarity  , which mistakenly interprets the search intention. This phenomenon is extremely important to explore the semantic relevance when the label information is unknown. We note that in the alignment component the search space is not restricted to the mapped concepts only -similarity values are calculated for all pairs of concepts. The prediction of character at each time step is given by: The last LSTM decoder generates each character  , C  , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128  , ht−1  , for the next time-step prediction. For the QALD experiments described later  , we annotated the query using DBpedia Spotlight 7. Hence  , the scatter plot can show  , among others  , documents referring to both the topic " Semantic Desktop " and one or more persons who are of specific interest to the users documents plotted above both axes. The underlying assumption is that several latent search factors exist in query logs  , each associated with a distinct topic transition rule  , and these search factors can be implicated by users' search behaviors. More recently  , MSN and Google Search 13 ,9 added location look-up capability that extracts location qualifiers from search query strings. Data which tracked the 'time to click' for each page element showed that while the mean time to click on the search box was 25.8 seconds  , the mode was only 1 second  , suggesting that many users clicked straight into the search box once the front page had been loaded. Similar attempts   , using the sum of absolute differences  , were also reported in the early stages of research on this topic. For example  , a UI search pattern is composed of a text field for entering search criteria  , a submit button for triggering the search functionality  , and a table for displaying the search results. To ensure the FFT functioned appropriately  , the data was limited to a range which covered only an integer number of cycles. Befi q captures relevance because it is based on all propositions defining the semantic content of the object o  , that imply the query formula. That's why LSSH can improve mAP by 18% at least which also shows the importance to reduce semantic gap between different modals. Other search strategies can be specified as well. The transformed domain ¯ D and the similarity s can be used to perform approximate similarity search in place of the domain D and the distance function d. Figure 1c shows the similarity  , computed in the transformed space  , of the data objects from the query object. We train the embeddings of the words in comments using skip-bigram model 10  with window size of 10 using hierarchical softmax training. The impulse was effected by tapping on the finger with a light and stiff object. Future work will focus on efficient access to disk-based index structures  , as well as generalizing the bounding approach toward other metrics such as Cosine. We used two kinds semantic score to evaluate the relevance between tweets and profiles as follow  ,  The semantic score c i is recorded simultaneously . In Section 6  , we show state of the art results on two practical problems  , a sample of movies viewed by a few million users on Xbox consoles  , and a binarized version of the Netflix competition data set. Development of a universal chemical search engine  , that could search by both text and substructures  , is a challenging problem. 0 Motion prediction. 2 A Viterbi distribution emitting the probability of the sequence of words in a sentence. This is also the first piece of work which treats the performance and quality issues of textual similarity search in one unified framework. In these studies  , the problem of matching ads with pages is transformed into a similarity search in a vector space. When the user types characters in the search engine's search box  , the browser sends the user's input along with the cookie to the search engine.