Regarding input data generation  , all sequences  , matching the pattern are favored and get higher chance to occur. The pattern-matching techniques  , such as PMD  , are unsound but scale well and have been effectively employed in industry. In the experiments  , to select useful expansion terms  , we use two heterogeneous resources. In general  , our methods start from a set of Initial/seed Concepts IC  , and provide a ranked list of suggested concepts relevant to IC. This mapping is generic in that we can map any other recursive navigation query in the same way. The basic Skip-gram model we adopt here is introduced by 7 to learn word embedding from text corpus. A node in the tree contains the set of orientations consistent with the push-align operations along the path to the node. Genetic Programming has been widely used and approved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management. For each pair of objects  , there were 500 different cases obtained by locating randomly these objects both random translations and rotations. Besides the standard topical query expansion Topic QE  , we also give results of the weighted topical query expansion W. Topic QE. By doing The components of the resultant forceslmoments at the robot joints a a part due to velocity and gravity terms function of position and Even for the frictioniess problem  , a recursive  , and not the explicit form of the analytical equations which describe the robot dynamics  , is preferable for a numerical implementation. However  , the conventional G A applications generate a random initial population without using any expert knowledge. Intuitively  , affirmative negated words are mapped to the affirmative negated representations  , which can be used to predict the surrounding words and word sentiment in affirmative negated context. When ς=1  , then the objective function yields themes which are smoothed over the participant co-occurrence graph. Using query expansion method  , recall has been greatly improved. We conduct a series of extrinsic experiments using the two soft pattern models on TREC definitional QA task test data. In order to build our recursive calculations  , we first find an expression for the joint accelerations as a function of the acceleration of the platform and the reaction efforts  , next we find an expression for the reaction efforts as a function of the acceleration of the platform and  , finally  , we find an expression of the acceleration of the platform. We now see that the confusion side helps to eliminate one of the peaks in the orientation estimate and the spatial likelihood function has helped the estimate converge to an accurate value. Analogously to Theorem 6.5  , we get  Finally  , note that using arguments relating the topdown method of this section with join optimization techniques in relational databases  , one may argue that the context-value table principle is also the basis of the polynomial-time bound of Theorem 7.4. Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. The result of the synonym expansion would be added to the former result of query expansion by other means. There are several nonadjacent intervals where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value : from the likelihood function alone one can't tell which interval contains the true value for the number of defects in the document. where µi ∈ R denotes a user-specific offset. To compute the signal parameter vector w  , we need a likelihood function integrating signals and w. As discussed in §2  , installed apps may reflect users' interests or preferences. Searching in time series data can effectively be supported by visual interactive query specification and result visualization. The problem of finding the top-k lightest loopless path  , matching a pre-specified pattern  , is NP-hard and furthermore   , simple heuristics and straightforward approaches are unable to efficiently solve the problem in real time see Section 2.3. Both GenProg and Par use the same fault localization technique to locate faulty statements  , and genetic programming to guide the patch search  , but differ in the concrete mutation operations. A random walk doesn't work for generating table values because the distance of a random walk is related to the square root of the number of time steps. This allows us to detect if the equation contains certain types of common algebraic structures . This year  , we further incorporated a new answer extraction component Shen and Lapata  , 2007 by capturing evidence of semantic structure matching.  prisbm: Run with query expansion based on Google query expanding and manually term-weighting. For example  , the query expansion technology in the PubMed system will automatically add related MeSH terms to user's query. The weight of the matched sub-tree of a pattern is defined by the formula: For the evaluation of the importance of partially matching sub-trees we use a scoring scheme defined in Kouylekov and Tanev  , 2004. In monolingual IR  , Sparck Jones 21 proposed a query expansion technique which adds terms obtained from term clusters built based on co-occurrences of terms in the document collection. It is clear by now that domain-specific query expansion is beneficial for the effectiveness of our document retrieval system. Then we update parameters utilizing Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD until converge. Overall  , the two newly proposed models  , as well as the query expansion mechanism on fields are shown to be effective. Our work addresses random generation of unit tests for object-oriented programs. This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. Finally  , comparing the different reaulta for 11 and A1 in table -4  , it can be aeen that indexing A1 provides better retrieval results than 11. weight 0 random ord. However  , our goal here is different as we do not just want to make our predictions based on some large number of features but are instead interested in modeling how the temporal dynamics of bidding behavior predicts the loan outcome funded vs. not funded and paid vs. not paid. A chi-squared test found no significant difference in the number of participants beginning work across the nine conditions. The recency-based query-expansion approach described in Section 3.2 scores candidate expansion terms based on their degree of co-occurrence with the original query-terms in recent tweets. Consider the case in which a recursive member function accesses the same data as a new attribute. This indicates that even without considering language constructs in the question  , relation based query expansion can still perform better than cooccurrence based query expansion. = DispersionAb2: the ability of a group of agent to spread out in order to establish and maintain some minimum inter-agent distance. Therefore  , when the likelihood of a region x in a test image is computed  , concepts whose pdf's were estimated from " similar looking " vectors rt will have high a posteriori probability 6. image regions rt from all images labeled with c contribute to the estimate of the probability density function pdf f x|c. The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. A vexing question that has plagued the use of technologyassisted review  " TAR "  is " when to stop " ; that is  , knowing when as much relevant information as possible has been found  , with reasonable effort. In the first case  , the Triplify script searches a matching URL pattern for the requested URL  , replaces potential placeholders in the associated SQL queries with matching parts in the request URL  , issues the queries and transforms the returned results into RDF cf. Interestingly  , the structurally recursive function is applied frequently to nonrecursive XML data. SA first identifies the T-expression  , and tries to find matching sentiment patterns. The return type of a polymorphic recursive function that accepts any XML data is usually declared as xs:AnyType 10. in an Internet search engine  , we will see that there is a wide variety of pages that will provide advice vendors of cleaning products  , helpful hints specialists  , random chroniclers who have experienced the situation before  , etc. We examined query expansion by traditional successful techniques  , i.e. Hence  , we reduce σ iteratively in OD such that the amount of reduction in σ is proportional to the increase in the accumulative structural coverage obtained by the generated test suites line 21. Although breadth-first search does not differentiate Web pages of different quality or different topics  , some researchers argued that breadth-first search also could be used to build domain-specific collections as long as only pages at most a fixed number of links away from the starting URLs or starting domains are collected e.g. For example: Since the additional recursive functions are anonymous  , they cannot possibly be invoked anywhere else. The corresponding histogram is shown in Fig. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : The basic problem is then to limit combinatorial explosion while deducinc knowledge. Among all proposals   , random walk-based methods 20  , 17  , 19  have exhibited noticeable performance improvement when comparing to other models. FASILKOM03 This run uses phrase query identification  , query expansion from internal dataset  , customized scoring function without RT value added  , proximity search  , keywords weighting  , and language detection. The temporal query-expansion approach UNCTQE was the best performing across all metrics. We show how the discovery of link specifications can consequently be modeled as a genetic programming problem. The subjects varied in their ability to identify good expansion terms  , being able to identify 32% -73% of the good expansion terms. The average time required by SEMFIX for each repair is less than 100 seconds. Pattern matching with variable 'don't care' symbols can now be easily performed  , if the input signals set the D flip-flop values throughout the duration of pattern matching. We begin with the usual assumption that for each query  , there is a scoring function that assigns a score to each document  , so that the documents with the highest scores are the most relevant. By determining the size of the map the user can decide which level of abstraction she desires. We adopt three query expansion methods. Several other strategies for input generation have been proposed symbolic execution combined with constraint solving 30  , 18  , direct setting of object fields 5  , genetic programming 29  , etc. Type-1 terms are non-type-0 terms added to the query during query expansion. If a crawl is started from a single seed  , then the order in which pages will be crawled tends to be similar to a breadth first search through the link graph 27 the crawl seldom follows pure breadth first order due to crawler requirements to obey politeness and robots restrictions . In this paper we have addressed the problem of deriving a likelihood function for highly accurate range scanners. Without query expansion  , longer queries usually outperform the shorter queries Figure 7. Sensorless plans  , which must bring all possible initial orientations to the same goal orientation  , are generated using breadth-first search in the space of representative actions. We employ stochastic gradient descent to learn the parameters   , where the gradients are obtained via backprop- agation 12  , with fixed learning rate of 0.1. proposed GenProg  , an automatic patch generation technique based on genetic programming. This effect is similar to that of the XQuery core's relating projection to iteration . We have found that for our data set JCBB 21  , where the likelihood function is based on the Mahalanobis distance and number of associations is sufficient  , however other likelihood models could be used. The last three years of Microblog track papers have shown substantial  , consistent  , and significant improvements in retrieval effectiveness from the use of expansion. If the function is SUM  , the likelihood of a multi-buffer replacement decreases rapidly with the number of pages. Recursive navigation. Similarly  , our investigation of the CHROME browser identified security  , portability  , reliability  , and availability as specific concerns. The current release of the CYCLADES system does not fully exploit the potentiality of the CS since it uses the CS only as a means to construct virtual information spaces that are semantically meaningful from some community's perspective. In addition  , focused crawlers visit URLs in an optimal order such that URLs pointing to relevant and high-quality Web pages are visited first  , and URLs that point to low-quality or irrelevant pages are never visited. We show how the function s may be estimated in a manner similar to the one used for w above  , and we empirically compare the performance of the recency-based model versus the quality-based model. The first Horn clause is recursive in the sense that the relation ancestor appears on both the qualification and the consequent of it. As an enhanced version of the self-encrypting virus  , a polymorphic virus was designed to avoid any fixed pattern. 15  extracted adjacent queries in sessions for query expansion and query substitution   , respectively. The unions D:=DuAD and AD':=AD'usucc~val*v'  , R.1 can be efficiently implemented by a concatenation since marking the tuples avoid duplicate generation. Keyword search in databases has some unique characteristics   , which make the straightforward application of the random walk model as described in previous work 9  , 19  , 27  inadequate. In order to identify what function class we focus our consideration on  , we adopt the syntactic restrictions of the state-of-the-art work on structural recursion 3  , which define the common form of structurally recursive function. As expected  , query expansion is more useful for short queries  , and less useful for long queries. First  , existing OWPC is developed for ranking problem with binary values  , i.e. Surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems. Searches were carried out using all cutoffs between O and 20  , 0 being no query expansion. We rely on hand-crafted pattern-matching rules to identify the main headings  , in order to build different indices and allow for field-based search. Notice that the DREAM model utilize an iterative method in learning users' representation vectors. Each time cgrep returns matching strings  , they are removed from the document representation and the procedure is repeated with the same phrase. Thus similar titles will appear approximately in the same column  , with the better scoring titles towards the top. Parameterized query expansion provides a flexible framework for modeling the importance of both explicit and latent query concepts. Generate an initial population of random compositions of the functions and terminals of the problem solutions. Since there is no closed form solution for the parameters w and b that minimize Equation 1  , we resort to Stochastic Gradient Descent 30  , a fast and robust optimization method. Our final set of experiments investigated query expansion  , that is  , augmenting topics with additional query terms. Query expansion may contribute to weight linked shared concepts  , thus improving the document provider's understanding of the query. As the software development progresses  , we make the lookahead prediction of the number of software faults in the subsequent incremental system testing phase  , based on the NHPP-based SRMs. Our query expansion technique adds to a given query terms which are highly similar  , in terms of statistical distribution  , to all of the terms in the query. Synonym expansion can increase the number of words in each query greatly  , depending on the query and the number of synonyms found. The similarity introduced  , can be very useful to increase the knowledge about the visitor behavior in the web. In the context of NLP  , distributed models are able to learn word representations in a low-dimensional continuous vector space using a surrounding context of the word in a sentence  , where in the resulting embedding space semantically similar words are close to each other 31. Moreover  , the selective query expansion mechanism increases the early precision performance of the system. The procedure of creating start-point list is illustrated in Fig. To discover a topic evolution graph from a seed topic  , we apply a breadth-first search starting from the seed node but only following the edges that lead to topic nodes earlier in time. The expansion words do not change the underlying information need  , but make the expanded query more suitable for collection selection. Although such hard patterns are widely used in information extraction 10  , we feel that definition sentences display more variation and syntactic flexibility that may not be captured by hard patterns. Elastic Search 1 is a search server based on Lucene that provides the ability to quickly build scalable search engines. To support the application  , each document that matches a query has to be retrieved from a random location on a disk. Initially a random search strategy is used in which the profile of the object is placed at a series of ten random locations within the bounds of the substrate profile and the resultant total error for the difierence surface recorded in each case. Stream slot filling is done by pattern matching documents with manually produced patterns for slots of interest. Therefore  , we can utilize convex optimization techniques to find approximate solutions. As we can see  , Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space. An example of the pattern matching operation is shown in Figure 19 The 'anchor' input line could be pulsed with arrival of every text character  , in which case the operations will take place in the 'unanchored' mode. Accordingly   , in future work  , we intend to introduce additional types of concepts into the parameterized query expansion framework   , including multiple-term expansion concepts  , named entities  , and non-adjacent query term pairs. 5 Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: rerank retrieved questions by query likelihood model system 1 using submodular function Eqn.13. Then we compare to different variations of the SMBO framework. In our case this is computationally intractable; the partition function Zz sums over the very large space of all hidden variables. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . Our evaluation shows that TagAssist is able to provide relevant tag suggestions for new blog posts. In order to mitigate the problems that are a result of the depth first search we use  , we generated tests with different seeds for the random number generator: for each test case specification  , fifteen test suites with different seeds were computed. Table 4 presents results of two sets of experiments using the step + exponential function  , with what we subjectively characterize as " slow " decay and " fast " decay. Proper nouns in a query are important than any other query terms for they seem to carry more information. Once a matching sentiment pattern is found  , the target and sentiment assignment are determined as defined in the sentiment pattern. The system takes a new  , untagged post  , finds other blog posts similar to it  , which have already been tagged  , aggregates those tags and recommends a subset of them to the end user. The parameters were fixed for all the evaluation conditions at: b=0.86; and K=1.2 for the baseline run without query expansion  , and K=1.1 with query expansion. The derivation of the gradient and the Hessian of the log-likelihood function are described below specifically for the SO3 manifold. Individuals in the new generation are produced based on those in the current one. For the purposes of discussion  , we consider a standard additive model Zt = Zt + Et to capture this noise and define our likelihood function as the product of terms Such artifacts may be considered a form of topological noise. Three classes of matching schemes are used for the detection of patterns namely the state-  , the velocity-and the frequency-matching. Selection of the words is random  , but the duplicates are not removed so the words with higher frequency in the page have higher chance of being selected. This objective is fulfilled by either having a layer to perform the transformation or looking up word vectors from a table which is filled by word vectors that are trained separately using additional large corpus. Computing random relative access rate for links with group traffic was a complicated procedure. The transfer function frequency bins may further be smoothened through a recursive least square technique. The effectiveness of our query feature expansion is compared with state-of-the-art word-based retrieval and expansion models. Finally  , we combine the proposed technique and various baselines under a machine learning model to show further improvements. This approach is particularly useful in that it provides seamless access to personalized projects from other applications. This behavior is quite similar to stochastic gradient descent method and is empirically acceptable. Incorrect words aaect collection statistics and query expansion. Therefore  , the recursive method for the stabilization of-the sys­ tem 1 can be given based on either the Krasovskii functional or the Razumikhin function. Then  , we navigate in a breadth-first search manner through this classification. The temporal query-expansion approach also outperformed the recencybased query-expansion approach UNCRQE. c Learning on unlocked table: robot correctly estimates a mass and friction that reproduce the observed trajectory. Each term is mapped to a synset in WordNet and a breadth-first search along WordNet relations identifies related synsets. RQ2 is designed to answer the question. These findings have profound implications for user modeling and personalization applications  , encouraging focus on approaches that can leverage users' browsing behavior as a source of information. Likewise  , for the example in section 1.4  , the objective function at our desirable solutions is 0.5  , and have value 0.25 for the unpartitioned case. Our model predicts that it takes 60 times longer for a new page to become popular under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model. In particular  , we propose a novel random walk model that incorporates the inferred search impact of pages into the standard connectivity-based page importance computation. Controlling to include only the first few expansion terms of a query term simulates and measures a user's expansion effort for that query term. Behavior cache reduces calls to an LDF server  , especially  , when the server hosts multiple datasets  , the HTTP cache could handle frequent queries on a dataset but cannot absorb all calls. We now define the graph pattern matching problem in a distributed setting. Since the combinator used in the event pattern is or  , matching el is sufficient to trigger the action . This provides a degree of privacy  , but it makes search logs less useful by inserting additional noise that makes a user's general interests difficult to discern. Moreover  , we may draw random samples around the expecta­ tion so as to effectively cover the peak areas of the real likelihood function. Automatic query expansion is more desirable in a deployed system  , but the uncertain quality of the expansion terms can confuse the evaluation. Finally  , the user interacts with the results. In addition to automatic query expansion  , semi-automatic query expansion has also been studied Ekm 92  , Han 92  , Wad 88. A modified version of GJK  , RGJK  , which exploits the recursive evaluation is stated in Section 3. The acronym-expansion checking function returns true if e is an expansion of a  , and false otherwise. Moreover  , the recursions in the definition of S ↓ and E ↓ correspond to recursive function calls of the respective evaluation functions. The value which is determined by pattern matching is DataC KK the server's public key for the signature verification . The EM approach indeed produced significant error reductions on the training dataset after just a few iterations. To optimize the poses and landmarks  , we create a metric environment map by embedding metric information to nodes by breadth-first search over graph. This section presents a different perspective on the point set registration problem. In our implementation  , the product in Equation 5 is only performed over the query terms  , thereby providing a topicconditioned centrality measure biased towards the query. Expansion terms extracted from these external resources are often general terms. The PDFs analyzed were a random sample from our SciPlore.org database  , a scientific web based search engine. Such an initialization allows a query as well as a URL to represent multiple search intents  , and at the same time avoids the problem of assigning undesirable large emission probabilities. However  , in many cases  , MLE is computationally expensive or even intractable if the likelihood function is complex. The XPath P used in the pattern matching of a template can have multiple XPath steps with predicates. The search is guaranteed to halt since there are a finite number of equivalence classes and our search does not consider sequences with cycles. To achieve better optimization results  , we add an L2 penalty term to the location and time deviations in our objective function in addition to the log likelihood. Specifically  , we represent a value for an uncertain measure as a probability distribution function pdf over values from an associated " base " domain. Data is then extracted from this selection using a set of commonly used relevant terms. Previous works based on this approach yield to interesting results but under restrictions on the manip ulator kinematics. One was to request random pages from the search engine  , and to keep looking at random pages until one struck their fancy. Rule writing requires some knowledge of the JAPE pattern-matching lan- guage 11 and ANNIE annotations. For the query expansion  , we use the top 5 most frequent terms of the summary already produced. For example  , we observed that 18% of potential good abandonments in Chinese mobile search were weather queries a simple information need  , while on Chinese PC search the rate was under 1%. The SOM is designed to create a two-dimensional representation of cells topologically arranged according to the inherent metric ordering relations between the samples in the feature space. Finally  , after we obtain these parameters  , for a user i  , if the time slot of her next dining is k  , the top-K novel restaurants will be recommended according to the preference ranking of the restaurants  , which is given as We use stochastic gradient descent 45 to solve this optimization problem. The expansion parameters are set to 10 ,80 for all expansion methods  , where 10 is the number of top-retrieval documents and 80 is the number of expansion terms. First  , the number of positive examples would put a lower bound on the mini-batch size. The improvement over the no expansion baseline becomes significant after expanding two query terms for the idf method  , and after only expanding one query term for predicted Pt | R. Similarly  , including more expansion terms along each column almost always improves retrieval  , except for the idf method in Table 1with only one query term selected for expansion. We note that for every fixed query a node assignment requiring no calls to updateP ath always exists: simply label the nodes in order discovered by running breadth-first search from s. However  , there is no universally optimal assignment — different queries yield different optimum assignments. Equations 1-5 represent a few simple formulas that are used in this study. As mentioned previously  , we adopt VERT for pattern matching. Besides thesaurus based QE described in section 1 and 2  , we proposed a new statistical expansion approach called local co-occurrence based query expansion  , shown in section 3. The odds of a random function returning the right results in these cases is quite small. Because Clarity computation is expensive  , we calculated Clarity only for a random subset of 600 queries drawn from our original query set. The submitted runs both use different forms of MeSH based query expansion. For example  , we can think of a query //title as a nondeterministic finite automaton depicted in Figure 8  , and define two structurally recursive functions from the automaton. It is then straightforward to show that the behavior of the model is preserved after replacing each loop by a call to its corresponding anonymous recursive function. In a series of experiments we highlighted the importance of semantic proximity between query expansion terms and the center of user attention. The system using limited Ilum­ ber of samples would easily break down. We would like the user to control what terms to be ultimately used to expand his/her query. proposed an inverse string matching technique that finds a pattern between two strings that maximizes or minimizes the number of mis- matches 1 . The last two prefix-global features are similar to likelihood features 7 and 8  , but here they can modify the ranking function explicitly rather than merely via the likelihood term. We performed the third run in order to compare our query expansion to manual query expansion because including terms in the description as query terms can simulate an effect of manual query expan- sion.  Google∼Web: Google search on the entire Web with query expansion. We investigate the following query expansion strategies: related terms only  , subsumption only  , full expansion. these expansion terms for each selected query term  , the diagnostic expansion system forms an expansion query and does retrieval. Other languages for programming cryptographic protocols also contain this functionality. Second  , reference expressions in user-defined functions might involve local variables  , which are meaningless outside the function context. We create an embedding feature for each attribute using these word vectors as follows. The representation for data objects and their relationships with each other is a relational data base with a pattern-matching access mechanism.  Which ontological relationships are most useful as query expansion terms for the field of educational research ? So that they would not become accustomed to the rate of the digits and hence switch attention to the dual task in a rhythmic fashion rather than maintaining attention on the dual task  , the digits were timed to have a mean inter-digit interval of 5 seconds with a uniform random variation around this mean of 1.5 seconds. Then the log-likelihood function of the parameters is We assume that the error ε has a multivariate normal distribution with mean 0 and variance matrix δ 2 I  , where I is an identity matrix of size T . Fig.4shows an example of our query expansion result. Each sampler was allowed to submit exactly 5 million queries to the search engine. In both ICTWDSERUN3 and ICTWDSERUN4  , we use google search results as query expansion. Third  , we develop a clickrate prediction function to leverage the complementary relative strengths of various signals  , by employing a state-of-the-art predictive modeling method  , MART 15  , 16  , 40. Leila is a state-ofthe-art system that uses pattern matching on natural language text. Perplexity is a monotonically decreasing function of log-likelihood  , implying that lower perplexity is better since the model can explain the data better. A challenge of this approach is the tradeoff between the number of cohorts and the predictive power of cohorts on individuals. We also use as baselines two types of existing effective metrics based on PMI and LSA. Our indexing structure simply consists of l such LSH Trees  , each constructed with an independently drawn random sequence of hash functions from H. We call this collection of l trees the LSH Forest. Based on our experience  , topic words often exist for an information need. For assessing pattern validity  , we use a simple measure based on the relative frequency of matching contexts in the context set. looking for the synonyms of the query words. Two types of strategies have been proposed to handle recusive queries. Table 3lists the percentages for query types for CSIs. By default  , summaries of all top 30 documents were used for expansion unless the user manually deselected some this was precisely the only form of manual intervention allowed. The setup environment is composed of an LDF server  , a reverse proxy and different number of clients. The log-likelihood function splits with respect to any consumption of any user  , so there is ample room for parallelizing these procedures. The above expression is a simplified form of query expansion with a single term. This joint likelihood function is defined as: 3 is replaced by a joint class distribution for both the labeled samples and the unlabeled samples with high confidence scores. Whenever it is found  , its random access address is remembered for the duration of the search of that subtree for S. P. P# = 200. Then we compute the single source shortest path from y using breadth first search. So experienced users' interactive query expansion performance is simulated by the following method: Searches are therefore carried out using every combination of the cut-offs 0 ,3  , 6  , 10  , and 20  , over 4 query expansion iterations. p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. The experiments described in this paper demonstrate that a crawler that downloads pages in breadth-first search order discovers the highest quality pages during the early stages of the crawl. The marginal likelihood has three terms from left to right  , the first accounts for the data fit; the second is a complexity penalty term encoding the Occam's Razor principle and the last is a normalisation constant. Three layers are presented in SG++  , namely the syntactic layer  , the affirmative layer and the negation one. If no pre-existing example image is available  , random images from the collection may be presented to the user  , or a sketch interface may be used. Despite the above obstacles  , our experiments – over a corpus of approximately 500 stories from Yahoo! From that page it is possible to perform a full-text search  , a similarity search starting from one of the random selected images. Since majority of the queries were short  , a query expansion module had to be designed. Formally  , assume that we have a set U of unreachable atomic propositions. Here we use breadth-first search. Recursive data structures and recursive function calls are inherently handled. Consider that data D consists of a series of observations from all categories. On the other hand  , it is this kind of label that we want to tackle via zero shot learning otherwise we could choose to harvest training examples from the Internet. Query expansion  , in gereral  , does make a positive contribution to the retrieval performance. Additional opportunities include allowing wildcards to match subexpressions rather than single symbols  , implementing additional query functionality in the engine  , incorporating textual features and context 24  , and integrating Tangent-3 with keyword search. Unlike gradient descent  , in SGD  , the global objective function L D θ is not accessible during the stochastic search. With that improvement one can still write filenames such as *.txt. Answer for RQ1: In our experiment  , for most programs 23/24  , random search used by RSRepair performs better in terms of requiring fewer patch trials to search a valid patch than genetic programming used by GenProg  , regardless of whether genetic programming really starts to work see Figure 1 or not. 4  , stochastic gradient descent SGD is further applied for better efficiency 17  , and the iteration formulations are To solve Eqn. The performance also varies depending on the choice of scoring function. We enhanced the pattern recognition engine in ViPER to execute concurrent parallel pattern matching threads in spite of running Atheris for each pattern serially. This is presented to the user by Figure 4: Training session highlighting the clipped element with a blue border. This Figure 4: Use of case inheritance search travels upwards in the hierarchy  , i.e. Further  , using a single Figure 7: Macro P-R-F1-SU over confidence cutoffs bedding Embedding  , Single outperforms multiple embeddings representations Embedding  , POS  , indicating word embeddings implicitly capture the various parts of speech in their representation. the node that has the shortest average path to all the other nodes in Λ pred and to perform a breadth-first-search from this node in G pred subgraph of G containing only the nodes in Λ pred and their interconnects to create a tree of information spread and to use the leaves of that tree as the newly activated nodes. Query Expansion: The microblog track organizers provided participants with the terms statistics for Tweets13 collection. Text is provided for convenience. Due to the larger number of false positives in the RGB likelihood function  , the covariance of the posterior PDF after an RGB update  , As well as computational advantages  , it allows the covariance of the posterior PDF to be solely controlled by the more reliable depth detector. During opinion retrieval task  , we are concerned with semi-automatic query expansion. In this paper  , we have proposed  , designed and implemented a pattern matching NIDS based on CIDF architecture and mature intrusion detection technology  , and presented the detailed scheme and frame structure. The CYCLADES system users do not know anything about the provenance of the underlying content. Consequently   , the DMP method cannot react to dynamic changes of the mix of transactions that constitute the current load. where F is a given likelihood function parameterized by θ. After that  , general automated program repair has gone from being entirely unheard of to having its own multi-paper sessions  , such as " Program Repair " session in ICSE 2013  , in many top tier conferences 20  , and many researchers justify the advantage of their techniques  , such as Par and SemFix  , via the comparison with GenProg. In this section  , we analyze how the popularity evolution changes when the users discover pages solely based on search results the search-dominant model. We also experimented with proper nouns in query expansion. Entity annotation systems  , datasets and configurations like experiment type  , matching or measure are implemented as controller interfaces easily pluggable to the core controller. Because matching is based on predicates  , DARQ currently only supports queries with bound predicates. The requirements of both these systems highlighted the need for a virtual organization of the information space. But the interactive query expansion users are not then involved in their own tasks. However  , even if T does not accurately measure the likelihood that a page is good  , it would still be useful if the function could at least help us order pages by their likelihood of being good. Because of such functions  , the type of a structurally recursive query tends to be typed imprecisely. Feature matching method needs to abstract features e.g. Table 2shows the results of the perplexity comparison. If the edges of a lockdown graph are weighted by the number of images constituting the part of the segment between the two lockdown points or more appropriately  , the sub-nodes on which the two lockdown points lie  , choosing the smallest-sized cycle basis will reduce computational cost in computing HHT to a small extent. Because the queries of " broad " interest-based initial hub selection  , "narrow" categories interest-based initial hub selection  , "broad" categories random initial hub selection  , "narrow" categories random initial hub selection  , "broad" categories As shown in Figure 5.2  , initial hub selection without user modeling content/performance-based underperformed that with user modeling interest-based due to the inability to identify uncharacteristic queries not related to search history. A statistical approach is proposed to infer the distribution of a word's likely acquisition age automatically from authentic texts collected from the Web  , and then an effective semantic component for predicting reading difficulty of news texts is provided by combining the acquisition age distributions for all words in a document 14. In this section  , we describe how the gene lexical variants section 2.2 and the domain knowledge section 2.3 are utilized for query expansion and how the query expansion is implemented in the IR model described in section 2.4. The deviance is a comparative statistic. Genetic Programming searches for an " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. It will be of interest to compare between the quality of our suggested technique and the quality of standard query expansion techniques. Compared to random search  , genetic programming used by GenProg can be regard as efficient only when the benefit in terms of early finding a valid patches with fewer number of patch trials  , brought by genetic programming  , has the ability of balancing the cost of fitness evaluations  , caused by genetic programming itself. Since they end with the word died  , we use pattern matching to remove them from the historic events. We will consider this in future work  , our intention here is to investigate the general applicability of query expansion. 6 Combined Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: re-rank retrieved questions by combined query likelihood model system 2 using submodular function. The first term of the above equation is the likelihood function or the so-called observation model. Therefore  , one often gets a whole interval of numbers n where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value; in some cases  , one even gets a union of non-adjacent intervals . the time needed for its evaluation  , becomes larger. It refers to selectively applying automatic query expansion AQE whenever predicted performance is above a certain threshold . The model is based on a decomposition of the surface of the earth into small grid cells; they assume that for each grid cell x  , there is a probability px that a random search from this cell will be equal to the query under consideration. Structurally recursive functions are a kind of the function classes to which we can apply the structural function inlining. Table 2also presents the results of query structure experiments. Second  , we have looked at only one measure of predictive performance in our empirical and theoretical work  , and the choice of evaluation criterion is necessarily linked to what we might mean by predictability. Next  , we present the details of the proposed model GPU-DMM. Mimic focuses on relatively small but potentially complex code snippets  , whereas Pasket synthesizes large amounts of code based on design patterns. In our implementation  , we use the alternating optimization for its amenability for the cold-start settings. Templates that did not have any matching queries were excluded. Answering these queries amounts to the task of graph pattern matching  , where subgraphs in the data graph matching the query pattern are returned as results. Query expansion is a technology to match additional documents by expanding the original search query. By contrast  , the CMP-FL approach is bounded by the input of the user and only explores solutions within the product provided as input; thus  , some areas of the search space cannot be reached. This principle will be applied decoupling the functional properties from the non functional properties matching. However they are quite often used probably  , unconsciously! Maximizing the likelihood function is equivalent to maximizing the logarithm of the likelihood function  , so The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . At present we thercforc USC a boltom-up evaluation strategy for recursive and mutually-rccursivc set-valued functions. Modeling and feature selection is integrated into the search over the space of database queries generating feature candidates involving complex interactions among objects in a given database. The input sources include data from lexico-syntactical pattern matching  , head matching and subsumption heuristics applied to domain text. Any remaining cycles in the request graph suggest that a possibly mutually-recursive function is making server requests. The core of this engine is a machine learning technique called Genetic Programming GP. However  , these two dimensions of flexibility also make automatic formulation of CNF queries computationally challenging  , and makes manual creation of CNF queries tedious. The generated file is used for programming of FPGA and pattern matching. For query generation  , we modify verb constructions with auxiliaries that differ in questions and corresponding answers  , e.g. " All query terms are expanded by their lexical affinities as extracted from the expanding Web page 3. A standard way of deriving a confidence is to compute the second derivative of the log likelihood function at the MAP solution. This shows the limitation of the current expansion methods. The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. HyProximity measures improve the baseline across all performance measures  , while Random indexing improves it only with regard to recall and F-measure for less than 200 suggestions. Furthermore  , affected by GenProg  , Par also uses genetic programming to guide the patch search in the way like GenProg. However  , the computational expense and availability of comparable expansion collections should be considered. This is implemented in a recursive function called BACK  Figure 5. To make this baseline strong  , both individual expansion terms and the expansion term set can be weighted. The classifier is then used to score about 1M pages sampled at random from the search index. Table 1 shows the results of different query expansion methods on two TREC training datasets. Additional documents are then retrieved by following the edges from the starting point in the order of a breadth first search. After the completion of breadth first search  , there are no unknown nodes and each node has a location area. This result was ANDed with a query expansion of a "gene and experiment" query synonyms of the word gene and experiment also appear in this query. As a second strategy of query expansion  , we exploited the hierarchical relationship among concepts.  Automatic building of terminological hierarchies. In the literature " approximate string matching " also refers to the problem of finding a pattern string approximately in a text. ADEPT supports the creation of personalized digital libraries of geospatial information  " learning spaces "  but owns its resources unlike in G-Portal where the development of the collection depends mainly on users' contributions as well as on the discovery and acquisition of external resources such as geography-related Web sites. Hence  , the input sentence matrix is augmented with an additional set of rows from the word type embeddings . The first function in Figure 1is a recursive function cost::Part-+Num which computes the cost of any part : if x is a base part its cost is obtained from the base selector  , otherwise ils cost is obtained by recursively summing the costs of its immediate sub-parts. − Encoding the set of descendant tags: The size of the input document being a concern  , we make the rather classic assumption that the document structure is compressed thanks to a dictionary of tags into the document hierachy at the price of making the DescTag function recursive. In the above optimization problem we have added a function Rθ which is the regularization term and a constant α which can be varied and allows us to control how much regularization to apply. These techniques have also been used to extend WordNet by Wikipedia individuals 21 . The result shows that with our strategy of P.  , the statistical average query traffic is decreased by 37.78%. The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. However  , for the satellite docking operation  , the random search found only one feasible solution in 750 ,000 function evaluations 64 hours on 24 Sparc workstations. We learned embeddings for more than 126.2 million unique queries  , 42.9 million unique ads  , and 131.7 million unique links  , using one of the largest search data set reported so far  , comprising over 9.1 billion search sessions collected on Yahoo Search. To come to our classification schemes  , we sampled random queries from our log data. Path finding and sub-paths in breadth-first search 3. A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. Instead of assuming an unrealistic measurement uncertainty for each range as previous works do  , we have presented an accurate likelihood model for individual ranges  , which are fused by means of a Consensus Theoretic method. Both systems first expand the query terms of each interest profile. In the case of discrete data the likelihood measures the probability of observing the given data as a function of θ θ θ. 3  , uses query-expansion the favor recent tweets. As specified above  , when an unbiased model is constructed  , we estimate the value of μs for each session. The CWB computes the similarity-degrees of the title and/or subtitles through a breadth-first search because the title and subtitles are within a nested structure. The likelihood function Eq. After an initial random run shown using the thin jagged lines  , constraint solving tries to exhaustively search part of the state space. A randomized search strategy builds one or more stud solutions and tries to improve them by applying random transformations . Content features are not predictive perhaps due to 1 citation bias  , 2 paper quality is covered by authors/venues  , or 3 insufficient content modeling. A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. This section introduces the optimization methodology on Riemannian manifolds. In typical document search  , it is also commonly used– e.g. Using Kohonen maps allow the robot to organize the models of the three objects based on its embodiment without the designer's intervention because of the self-organizing characteristic of the map. Moreover  , the self-organidng map was used in 29 for text claeaiflcation. From this point the top N candidates are passed to COGEX to re-rank the candidates based on how well the question is entailed by the given candidate answer. SP and SP* select a specification page using our scoring function in Section 3.2; SP selects a page from the top 30 results provided by Google search engine  , while SP* selects a page from 10 ,000 pages randomly selected from the local web repository . The system uses a threshold policy to present the top 10 users corresponding to contexts similar above θ = 0.65  , a value determined empirically to best balance the tradeoff between relevance  , and the likelihood of seeing someone else as we go on to describe in following sections. Table 8we show the percentage of the good expansion terms  , as classified in section 5.3.1  , which were chosen by each subject as being possibly useful for query expansion. We now get to our main result  , which is split into two parts  , corresponding to the exact matching and soft matching settings. They efficiently exploit hBtorical information to speculate on new search nodes with expected improved performance. An exponential likelihood function pDT W ij |c j  is calculated using the DTW distance between every trajectory i and the model trajectory j of the motion. Input vectors composed of range-to-obstacle indicators' readouts and direction-to-goal indicator readouts are partitioned into one of predefined perceptual situation classes. Random search w as found only useful to check whether a given quality criterion is eeective on a speciic data set or not. Our major contributions are a new technique referred to as the structural function inlining and a new approach to the problem of typing and optimizing structurally recursive queries. The total evolution time is about 6 hours on a SUN/SPARC5 workstation. We want to find the θs that maximize the likelihood function: Let θ r j i be the " relevance coefficient " of the document at rank rji. Thus although we anticipate that our qualitative results will prove robust to our specific modeling assumptions  , the relationship between model complexity and best-case predictive performance remains an interesting open question. The belief update then proceeds as follows: This formulation of the observation function models the fact that a robot can detect a target with the highest likelihood when it is close to the target. Suppose that a structurally recursive query Q is transformed into Q T by the structural function inlining with respect to type information T . Figure 3 shows a measure of this improvement. For the named page queries  , besides linguistic expansion from stemming in the IS ABOUT predicate  , we did not do any query expansion. Performing a random walk over the graph  , using query- URL-query transitions associated with weights on the edges i.e. This is done by querying DBpedia's SPARQL endpoint for concepts that have a relation with the given concept. The work presented here extends previous work by investigating the effectiveness of the system and users in suggesting terms for query expansion. A pseudo-random approach was used to insure that all topic and system order effects were nullified. This is done so that all the topically-relevant documents are retrieved. Similar to the approach shown in Fig- ure 4a  , these weight values are derived from a function of the current position and the distance to the destination position . For this  , we designed a scoring function to quantify the likelihood that a specific user would rate a specific attraction highly and then ranked the candidates accordingly. From the likelihood function corresponding to a particular observed inspection result one can compute estimates for the number of defects contained in the document in a standard way. Another popular method is the Partial Least Squares PLS 31 that learns orthogonal score vectors by maximizing the covariance between different multimodal data. Since the size-change principle does not consider the tests of if-statements  , it must consider infinite state sequences that cannot occur  , including the sequence that alternates between the two recursive calls. The likelihood function is determined relying on the ray casting operation which is closely related to the physics of the sensor but suffers from lack of smoothness and high computational expense. Thereby  , the amount of informa3. The mutation enables the exploration of solutions within the same product  , while the crossover operation enables to switch to another product an further explore it with subsequent random mutations. Consider personalization of web pages based on user profiles. The effect of query expansion is influenced by the query length. More specifically  , we enumerated all queries that could be expanded from the considered query. This cache is hosted by clients and completes the traditional HTTP temporal cache hosted by data providers. In particular  , there are two sets of rules predicates which work together to identify the set of successor tasks. Section 4 illustrates our semantic matching model based on conceptual query and document indexing using UMLS. The purpose of this research is to decide on a query-by-query basis if query expansion should be used. Lower bounds – random and round robin: To establish a lower bound on performance  , the effectiveness of a round robin technique was measured: ranking the fused documents based solely on their rank position from source search engines. The first concerns which index files to use for the expansion  , and the second how to weight the query terms after the expansion stage. Comparing the query expansion and document expansion for the tie-breaking  , the query expansion is even worse. A pattern matched in a relevant web page counts more than one matched in a less relevant one. Through training  , each pattern is assigned the probability that the matching text contains the correct answer. The Expand function returns a fuzzy set that results from performing the query followed by query expansion.  We propose and study the task of detecting local text reuse at the semantic level. The torque-based function measured failure likelihood and force-domain effects; the acceleration-based function measured immediate failure dynamics; and the swing-angle-based function measured susceptibility to secondary damage after a failure. The sensor model for stationary objects can then be expressed as the dual function of the sensor model for moving objects  , which can be written as On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. This is in contrast with techniques  , such as random sample consensus RANSAC 4  , which first find appearance-based matches globally and then enforce geometric consistency. Using this transfer function and global context as a proxy for δ ctxt   , the fitted model has a log-likelihood of −57051 with parameter β = 0.415 under-ranked reviews have more positive δ ctxt which in turn means more positive polarity due to a positive β. We assume that  , when no measurement information is available  , the feature can be anywhere in the 3D space with equal probability i.e. Second  , the notions of pattern matching and implicit context item at each point of the evaluation of a stylesheet do not exist in XQuery. Queries over Changing Attributes -The attributes involved in optimization queries can vary based on the iteration of the query. Using a 4000-node subgraph summarized in Table 3  , we generated 1633185 candidate edges. The actual splitting of the original target page is performed by creating the new right sibling as an exact copy of the page and then removing the unnecessary entries from both pages with the remove interface function. Thus the random-order index has to be stored separately from the search index which doubles the storage cost. Our work goes beyond this work by dropping the assumption that query and expansion terms are dependent. " The function is represented as a tree composed of arithmetic operators and the log function as internal nodes  , and different numerical features of the query and ad terms as leafs. The coefficients C.'s will be estimated through the maximi- ' zation of a likelihood function  , built in the usual fashion  , i.e. The second potential function of the MRF likelihood formulation is the one between pairs of reviewers . We choose not to record the genetic programming operations performed to obtain the variant as an edit script because such operations often overlap and the resulting script is quite long. We investigate the effectiveness of query expansion by experiments and the results show that it is promising. To validate the above strategy  , we collect two groups of more than 140K samples from the search API  , users whose name match popular and unpopular < 1000 users surnames   , in Sep 2012. Because the expansion is breadth first  , the optimal trajectory will he the first one encountered that meets the desired uncertainty. We maximize this likelihood function to estimate the value of μs. In this paper  , we present a query expansion technique that improves individual search by utilizing contextual information. A graph-based query expansion would spread all resources associated with an activated instance which is suited for thesauri. So evolvability 8 and parallelism are both considered to improve convergence speed of global optimization. We assume that a breadth-first search is performed over these top ranked invocations. However  , because we are exploiting highly relevant documents returned by a search engine  , we observe that even our unsupervised scoring function produces high quality results as shown in Section 5. To make our problem simpler both from an analytical and a numerical standpoint  , we work with the natural logarithm of the likelihood function: Now  , we can try to solve the optimization problem formulated by Equation 7. Section 3 provides the details of our relation based query expansion technique. where F is a function designed to penalize model complexity   , and q represents the number of features currently included in the model at a given point. 9 proposed a block-based index to improve retrieval speed by reducing random accesses to posting lists. Search engines play an important role in web page discovery for most users of the Web. Before searching for a regrasp sequence  , the regrasp planner checks if the pick-and-place operation can be achieved within a single grasp. Assuming that the training labels on instance j make its state path unambiguous   , let s j denote that path  , then the first-derivative of the log-likelihood is L-BFGS can simply be treated as a black-box optimization procedure  , requiring only that one provide the firstderivative of the function to be optimized. In this paper we have introduced a new approach based on the combination of term weighting components  , extracted from well-known information retrieval ranking formulas  , using genetic programming. The query types and expansion term categories are as follow. Without query expansion  , the difference between short and long queries is 0.0669. One scenario is that no range information is available. On each capture  , the returned documents are captured and recorded. We estimated 2s + 1 means  , but assumed that all of the output functions shared a common covariance matrix. Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. Because of the recursive feature of the BACK function the is checked for the second obstacle and moved in the opposite direction to the first movement  , returning the link to the original position. We found that query expansion helped the performance of the baseline increase greatly. When conducted on free texts  , an IE system can also suffer from various unseen instances not being matched by trained patterns. Since the core task for any user modeling system is predicting future behavior  , we evaluate the informativeness of different sources of behavioral signal based on their predictive value. Search engines conduct breadth first scans of the site  , generating many requests in short duration. We thus regard the distance of an expansion term to the query term as a measure of relatedness. SOM 14Self Organizing Map or SOFM Self Organizing Feature Map shares the same philosophy to produce low dimension from high dimension. Random restarts were applied to initial weights to allow the optimizer to find a reasonable solution. In order to express extractions of parts of the messages a pattern matching approach is chosen. Effectiveness of query removal for IR. Rather than considering only rectangular objects  , we propose approximating the likelihood function by integrating over an appropriate half plane. In some review data sets  , external signals about sentiment polarities are directly available. Furthermore  , if a structurally recursive query is applied to non-recursive XML data  , the structural function inlining transforms a recursive function call into a finitely nested iterations sensitive to their local types. We employ an embedding layer in our shallow model for the same reasons as mentioned above: we learn continuous word representations that incorporate semantic and syntactic similarity tailored to an expert's domain. Therefore Lye have the following result. QEWeb: Query expansion using the web was applied as discussed in pervious section. In TREC 2012 microblog track  , we explore the query expansion and document expansion approaches to tweet retrieval. Experimental results show that our approach outperforms the baseline methods and the existing systems. Approximate string matching 16 is an alternative to exact string matching  , where one textual pattern is matched to another while still allowing a number of errors. For example   , one cannot constrain the matching of events that logically match various parts of the same event pattern to those events that were generated by the same user or on the same machine. On each axis  , the likelihood probability gets projected as a continuous numeric function with maximum possible score of 1.0 for a value that is always preferred  , and a score of 0.0 for a value that is absent from the table. We hypothesize that the double Pareto naturally captures a regime of recency in which a user recalls consuming the item  , and decides whether to re-consume it  , versus a second regime in which the user simply does not bring the item to mind in considering what to consume next; these two behaviors are fundamentally different  , and emerge as a transition point in the function controlling likelihood to re-consume. Table 3shows these results. Our experiments revealed that the influentials identified using this method have poor performance which led us to identify the next method of prediction. Topic 100 Points for Systems with Query Expansion. Several program repair approaches assume the existence of program specification. Both methods share the problem of too much generality since the pro- grammer can write anything into the loop or the function body; this severely limits query optimization. Regarding minimality  , DFSModify performs a random search on the automaton graph. For each subphrase in the list we use cgrep – a pattern matching program for extracting minimal matching strings Clarke 1995 to extract the minimal spans of text in the document containing the subphrase. Most current models of the emotion generation or formation are focused on the cognitive aspects. The third interaction module that we implemented is a rhythmic phrase-matching improvisation module. For each token  , we look for the longest pattern of token features that matches with pattern rules. Table 6shows the results for five query expansion iterations. As an example  , a state-of-the-art IR definition for a singleattribute scoring function Score is as follows 17: Specifically  , the score that we assign to a joining tree of tuples T for a query Q relies on:  Single-attribute IR-style relevance scores Scorea i   , Q for each textual attribute a i ∈ T and query Q  , as determined by an IR engine at the RDBMS  , and  A function Combine  , which combines the singleattribute scores into a final score for T . Recommending useful entities e.g. 8is to recognize a parameter by pattern matching. We compare four methods for identifying entity aspects: TF. IDF  , the log-likelihood ratio LLR 2  , parsimonious language models PLM 3 and an opinion-oriented method OO 5 that extracts targets of opinions to generate a topic-specific sentiment lexicon; we use the targets selected during the second step of this method. Incorporating individual slots' probabilities enables the bigram model to allow partial matching  , which is a characteristic of soft pattern matching. We show later that the ALSH derived from minhash  , which we call asymmetric minwise hashing MH-ALSH  , is more suitable for indexing set intersection for sparse binary vectors than the existing ALSHs for general inner products. Therefore  , our model disguises a user's true search intents through plausible cover queries such that search engines cannot easily recognize them. First  , we briefly introduce Word2Vec  , a set of models that are used to produce word embeddings  , and Doc2Vec  , a modification of Word2Vec to generate document embeddings  , in Section 4.1. While we might be able to justify the assumption that documents arrive randomly   , the n-grams extracted from those documents clearly violate this requirement. The heuristic makes this approach more efficient than a purely random search. The main difference to the standard classification problem Eq. Siena is an event notification architecture . Having cost models for all three types of releases  , along with an understanding of the outiler subset of high productivity releases  , would complete the cost modeling area of our study. This type of detection likelihood has the form of  , A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. CYCLADES 3 is an OAI 6 service provider that implements an open collaborative virtual archive service environment supporting both single scholars as well as scholarly communities in carrying out their work. The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. The expansion words for this query are " greenhouse "   , " deforestation " and so forth. more than 3 query terms are selected for expansion. At this stage  , we tried out expansion of Boolean Indri queries. It is assumed that experienced users of interactive query expansion would be able to reach this level of performance  , The 'experienced user' performance is compared with the performance of inexperienced interactive query expansion users in the same setting. Therefore   , ranking according to the likelihood of containing sentiment information is expected to serve a crucial function in helping users. For moderate query expansion e.g. To get a weighting function representing the likelihood Out of these  , the overall color intensity gradient image I I is set to be the maximum norm of the normalized gradients computed for each color channel see figure 4a. Another major difference between BFRJ and the depth-first approach is that BFRJ never traverses upwards in an R-tree while the depth-first approach traverses upwards as part of function returns of the recursive routines. Two cases have to be distinguished. Here  , " Architecture " is an expression of the pattern-matching sublanguage. Given the training data  , we maximize the regularized log-likelihood function of the training data with respect to the model  , and then obtain the parameterˆλparameterˆ parameterˆλ. It might be important to find appropriate combination of terms for query expansion. Additionally  , in Table 4  , we see no marked difference between using query noise reduction with query expansion on the body of the documents only  , and using query noise reduction with query expansion on more document fields. The overflow is low and as a consequence of this  , exhaustive search is nearly as good as the exhaustive search of the sequential signatums. and search the other subranges breadth-first. Each PS shard stores input and output vectors for a portion of the words from the vocabulary. This way  , we can tweak the level of expansion by gradually including more expansion terms from the lists of expansion terms  , and answer how much expansion is needed for optimal performance. It is based on average precision at 10 recall points and shows the worst query structure and expansion combination  , and the best expansion of each query structure type. As to optimizing functions  , most of existing optimization techniques 6  , 7 treat functions simply as externally defined black boxes accompanying some semantic information. We used pattern matching to extract and normalize this information. Next  , each model's location is estimated. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. We now give examples of derivable relational concepts such as relational algebra and integrity constraints. For INQUERY sub-runs  , Arabic query expansion was just like English query expansion  , except the top 10 documents were retrieved from the Arabic corpus  , rather than the English corpus  , and 50 terms  , not 5  , were added to the query. Applicability in an Epoq optimizer is similar in function to pattern-matching and condition-matching of left-hand sides in more traditional rule-based optimizers. As we are interested in analyzing very large corpora and the behavior of the various similarity measures in the limit as the collections being searched grow infinitely large  , we consider the situation in which so many relevant documents are available to a search engine for any given query q that the set of n top-ranked documents Rq are all -indistinguishable. The triple pattern matching operator transforms RDF statements into SPARQL solutions. The differences between all strategies breadth-first  , random search  , and Pex's default search strategy were negligible. l A split situation is in general the more expensive case because theparts of the cluster to be split actually have to be discovered. To guide the search  , we work backward from a unique final orientation toward a range of orientations of size 27r  , which corresponds to the full range of uncertainty in initial part orientation. saving all the required random edge-sets together during a single scan over the edges of the web graph. Our experiments are discussed in Section 4. engines and are very short  , nonnegligible surfing may still be occurring without support from search engines. 0 ~ 1 in random directions and the hounding surface of the C-obstacle is located by means of binary search. Sheridan differentiates between two types: those which use a time series extrapolation for prediction  , and those which do system modeling also including the multidimensional control input2. The depth-first search instead of the breadth-first search is used because many previous studies strongly suggest that a depth-first search with appropriate pseudo-projection techniques often achieves a better performance than a breadth-first search when mining large databases.   , but none of these strategies reaches the level of applicability and the speed of execution of random testing. Given a query  , a large number of candidate expansion terms words or phrases will be chosen to convey users' information needs. The pairs with the highest likelihood can then be expected to represent instances of succession. The marginal likelihood is obtained by integrating out hence the term marginal  the utility function values fi  , which is given by: This means optimizing the marginal likelihood of the model with respect to the latent features and covariance hyperparameters. With this approach  , the weights of the edges are directly multiplied into the gradients when the edges are sampled for model updating. In this paper  , we try to investigate the two questions via the performance comparison between genetic programming and random search. Figure 1b illustrates the likelihood function for the path. To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . Third  , we may also suggest a third cause for the success of the query expansion methods: the relevance assessments themselves. The strategy of the pattern-matching can be ruled by an action planner able to dynamically define partial goals to reach. We have also assessed the effect of social navigation support on how the search results are used. pressive language. In other words  , we aggregate the past behavior in the two modalities considered search queries and browsing behavior over a given time period  , and evaluate the predictiveness of the resulting aggregated user profile with respect to behavior occurring in a  sequent period. The four methods examined are no use of expansion  , pre-translation expansion only  , post-translation only  , and the use of both pre-and post-translation expansion. Whenever a context change is detected  , the change is immediately examined to decide its influence on pat. Using it for pattern matching promises much higher efficiency than using the original record. This toleration factor reflects the inherent resolving limitation of a given relevance scoring function  , and thus within this toleration factor  , the ranking of documents can be seen as arbitrary. In this section we exemplify what we have described so far by presenting two concrete applications in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET systems. In contrast to the approaches presented  , we use a similarity thesaurus Sch 92  as the basis of our query expansion . No matching pattern indicates that PAR cannot generate a successful patch for a bug since no fix template has appropriate editing scripts. This makes each optimization step independent of the total number of available datapoints. The effect of such a dimension reduction in keyword-baaed document mpmmmtation and aubeequent self-organizing map training with the compreaaed input patterns is described in 32 . As described in Section 4.1  , user search interests can be represented by their queries. There is often not much texture in indoor man-made environments for high coverage dense stereo matching. Our approtach to solve the regrasp problem is as follows: We generate and evaluate possible grasp classes of an object and its stable placements on a table; the regrasping problem is then solved by an evaluated breadth-first search in a space where we represent all compatible sequences of regrasp operations. We learned 3 the mapping of 300  , 000 words to a 100-dimension embedded space over a corpus consisting of 7.5 million Web queries  , sampled randomly from a query log. shows the result of the experiment after the second step of the breadth-first search. The increase in performance without query expansion is substantial  , however  , the difference remains small after query expansion. We use the methodology explained in Section 4 to examine whether the WE-based metric can capture the coherence of topics from tweets  , and how well WE  , PMI  , and LSA metrics compare with human judgements. Since the log likelihood function is non-convex  , we use Expectation-Maximization 12  for training. This ensures that there is no simple pattern  , such as the query always precisely matching the title of the page in question. As with other methods  , to the best of our knowledge no quantitative tests for bias have been performed. Due to space constraints  , the examples in this paper focus around the reliability requirement  , defined as the likelihood of loss of aircraft function or critical failure is required to be less than 10 -9 per flight hour 10 . The results achieved by query likelihood models with the submodular function are promising compared with conventional diversity promotion technique. It means that if a page becomes popular within one year when search engines do not exist  , it takes 66 years when search engines dominate users' browsing pattern! A RECURSIVE or VIRTUAL-RECURSIVE member function attribute A requires very limited retesting since it was previously individually tested in P and the specification and implementation remain unchanged. The STS corpus is a collection of 1.6 million English tweets collected by submitting queries with positive and negative emoticons to the Twitter search API. It is obvious that high Recall levels can be reached with massive query expansion  , but automatic query expansion tends to deteriorate Precision as well  , so the challenge is to find stemming methods which improve Recall without a significant loss in Precision. More like real life.. pattern matching using the colours can be used for quicker reference. " and word embedding for terms into a standalone version that can be applied to any document collection to facilitate efficient event browsing. Thus  , the specification-based and program-based test suites for A are not rerun. We tested our technique using the data sets obtained from the University of New Mexico. Our system with query expansion using Wikipedia performs better than the one only with description. We describe one such optimization in this paper  , which is called pattern indexing and is based on the observation that a document typically matches just a relatively small set of patterns. By throwing away all terms except the following: The correct induction can be chosen. In section 6 experimental results are reported and in section 7 a conclusion is given. In order to follow the edges in one direction in time  , we treat the edges between topic nodes as directed edges. By adopting regular expressions as types  , they could include rich operations over types in their type structure  , and that made it possible to capture precisely the behavior of pattern matching over strings in their type system. KIM has a rule-based  , human-engineered IE system  , which uses the ontology structure during pattern matching and instance disambiguation. We create CNNs in the Theano framework 29 using stochastic gradient descent with momentum with one convolutional layer  , followed by a max-pooling layer and three fully connected layers. Each of the rewriting patterns contains a * symbol  , which encodes the required position of the answer in the text with respect to the pattern. So in the end  , we choose the first 10 words ranking in tf*idf retrieval lists besides original words of query itself as the query expansion. Otherwise  , the function returns the sum of number of insertions for each recursive node. As the baseline we use the state of the art adWords keyword recommender from Google that finds similar topics based on their distribution in textual corpora and the corpora of search queries. Among the various approaches  , automatic query expansion by using plain co-occurrence data is the simplest method. Section 5 reports our experimental results. Inference and learning in these models is typically intractable  , and one must resort to approximate methods for both. Although they also used genetic programming  , their evaluation was limited to small programs such as bubble sorting and triangle classification  , while our evaluation includes real bugs in open source software. where the first term is the log-likelihood over effective response times { ˜ ∆ i }  , and the second term the sum of logactivity rates over the timestamps of all the ego's responses. Therefore  , the resulting specification automaton is not going to correspond to a minimal specification in the set F φ T   , in general. Automatic query expansion technique has been widely used in IR. Beam-search is a form of breadth-first search  , bounded both in width W and depth D. We use parameters D = 4 to find descriptions involving at most 4 conjunctions  , and W = 10 to use only the best 10 hypotheses for refinement in the next level. The work presented by 12  , 16  proves that the features of a sentence/document can be learnt through its word embedding. Then  , a grid search is used to determine C and α that maximize the likelihood function. Initialization. W~ have not been able to achieve any significant improvements over non expansion. We also demonstrate the further improvement of UCM over URM  , due to UCM's more appropriate modeling of the retweet structure. The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances. Query expansion methods augment the query with terms that are extracted from interests/context of the user so that more personally relevant results can be retrieved. The recent rapid expansion of access to information has significantly increased the demands on retrieval or classification of sentiment information from a large amount of textual data. The triple pattern matching operator transforms a logical RDF stream into a logical data stream  , i.e. However  , finding the central permutation σ that maximizes the likelihood is typically very difficult and in many cases is intractable 21. σ  , the partition function Zφ  , σ can be found exactly. The subgraph returned by BFS usually contains less vertices in the target community than the subgraph of the same size obtained by random walk technique. As already mentioned  , EM converges to a local maximum of the observed data log-likelihood function L. However  , the non-injectivity of the interaural functions μ f and ξ f leads to a very large number of these maxima  , especially when the set of learned positions X   , i.e. The partial derivates of the scoring function  , with respect to λ and μ  , are computed as follows: Note that we rank according to the log query likelihood in order to simplify the mathematical derivations. We also look at friendship probability as a function of rank where rank is the number of people who live closer than a friend ranked by distance  , and note that in general  , people who live in cities tend to have friends that are more scattered throughout the country. We perform the pose graph optimization first  , to make all poses metric consistent. On the other hand  , our pattern matching approach is more suitable for determining supporting documents and is therefore the preferable approach for answer projection. Certain PREfast analyses are based on pattern matching in the abstract syntax tree of the C/C++ program to find simple programming mistakes. The solutions found by these two methods differ  , however  , in terms of RMS error versus the true trace  , both produce equally accurate traces. In this section we describe experimental evaluation of the proposed approach  , which we refer to as hierarchical document vector HDV model. It is a recursive function that generates the set OptAns of all answers candidate to be optimum by combining the paths in a connected component cc. In addition  , before the main loop is executed  , R*GPU generates K random successors of the start state. proposed a similar method to inverse pattern matching that included wild cards 9. The second approach is to launch the G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in a document  , such as a Microsoft Word file or HTML file. We evaluated the query and HTTP costs to learn certain percentage of the holdings of an archive using RSM under different profiling policies.  s: aggressively stemmed words  , found using the Sebawai morphological analyzer. The requirement for random access can be accommodated with conventional indexing or hashing methods. Random " subsequent queries are submitted to the library  , and the retrieved documents are collected. This finding was further reinforced in her follow-up study focusing on the differences between automatic query expansion and interactive query expansion 7. Smoothed unigram language modeling has been developed to capture the predictive ability of individual words based on their frequency at each reading difficulty level 7. While it is easy to imagine uses of pattern matching primitives in real applications  , such as search engines and text mining tools  , rank/select operations appear uncommon. The results of the pattern-matching are also linguistically normalized  , i.e. Prioritization For All Queries means that documents containing phrases enclosed in phrase or mandatory operators in the original query or expanded queries are prioritized. Genetic programming GP is a computational method inspired by biological evolution  , which discovers computer programs tailored to a particular task 19. A second dimension entails elaborating on line 3. They use a bitmap of the workspace and and construct numerical potential fields. Rose starts by invoking a traditional pattern matching and lexicon based information extraction engine. We consider the CS we described in this paper as a first prototype of a more general " mediator infrastructure service " that can be used by the other DL services to efficiently and effectively implement a dynamic set of virtual libraries that match the user expectations upon the concrete heterogeneous information sources and services. We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. On this basis  , we utilize stochastic gradient descent to conduct the unconstrained optimization. An individual represents a tentative solution for the target problem. Ranking functions usually could not work consistently well under all situations. This hierarchical agglomerative step begins with leaf clusters  , and has complexity quadratic in . The interesting subtlety is that pattern matching can introduce aliases for existing distinguishing values. While hyProximity scores best considering the general relevance of suggestions in isolation  , Random Indexing scores best in terms of unexpectedness. For example  , when doing retrieval from closed caption second row i n T able 10  , doing query expansion from print news yields an average precision of 0.5742  , whereas our conservative query expansion yields only 0.5390  , a noticeable drop. Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. To help analyze the behavior of our method we used a Self-Organizing Map via the SOM-PAK package 9  , to 'flatten' and visualize the high-dimensional density function 2 . Construct validity threats concern the appropriateness of the evaluation measurement. Given the biases inherent in effective search engines — by design  , some documents are preferred over others — this result is unsurprising. At each point  , partial or total pattern matching is performed  , depending on the existing partial matches and the current node. These functions are discovered using genetic programming GP and a state-of-the-art classifier optimumpath forest OPF 3  , 4. Preliminary results showed that our topic-based defect prediction has better predictive power than state-of-the-art approaches. Furthermore  , if a general optimality criterion is given at runtime  , a global optimum can be sought along the lower-dimensional self-motion manifold rather than in the complete n-dimensional configuration space. We examined the effectiveness of our different query expansion strategies and tried to find reasonable configuration for each. Using WE word representation models  , scholars have improved the performance of classification 6  , machine translation 16  , and other tasks. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and then applies the soft-pattern model for matching these definition sentences. It is equipped with some search data structure usually a search tree that can be used to find the posting list associated with a given term. Researchers have also investigated users' ability to select good terms for query expansion 15  , 23  , 25. It is therefore not useful to make an expansion for this query. The techniques of unanchored mode operation  , sub-pattern matching   , 'don't care' symbols  , variable precursor position anchoring and selective anchoring as described for a single cascade can be extended to this twodimensional pattern matching device. where Fjy  , x is a feature function which extracts a realvalued feature from the label sequence y and the observation sequence x  , and Zx is a normalization factor for each different observation sequence x. Most characters match themselves. It is interesting to note that effediveness continues to increase with the number of query expansion terms. The search was repeated for 50 trials using a different subsequence as query. From all these images  , the software mentioned above detected matching points on the calibration pattern for each pan and tilt configuration. Therefore  , the interval estimates are all discarded. Query segmentation divides a query into semantically meaningful sub-units 17  , 18. One is the time-dependent content similarity measure between queries using the cosine kernel function; another is the likelihood for two queries to be grouped in a same cluster from the click-through data given the timestamp. The gold standard-based evaluation reveals a superior performance of hyProximity in cases where precision is preferred; Random Indexing performed better in case of recall. The second heuristic called " lowest-occupancy " drives to the parking space with the lowest prior probability of being occupied and then searches for the next free parking spot in a random walk fashion. Two important types of patterns are the value change pattern and the failure pattern. The query expansion module employs a wide range of query expansion methods that can not only enrich the query with useful term additions but also identify important query terms. We perform the optimization using a combination of random search and gradient descent with numerical gradient computation. Pre-translation expansion creates a stronger base for translation and improves precision. Although our data set may not correspond to a " random sample " of the web  , we believe that our methods and the numbers that we report in this paper still have merit for the following reasons . Genetic Programming shows its sharp edge in solving such kind of problems  , since its internal tree structure representation for " individuals " can be perfectly used for describing ranking functions. For the Streaming Slot Filling task  , our system achieved the goal of filling slots by employing a pattern learning and matching method. Pattern matching checks the attributes of events or variables. However   , there are two difficulties in calculating stochastic gradient descents. Probably one of the more important advantages is that generative topographic mapping should be open for rigorous mathematical treatment  , an area where the self- . This work uses fully automatic query expansion. In our work  , a rule-based approach using string pattern matching is applied to generate a set of features. This shows that query expansion is crucial for short queries as it is hard to extract word dependency information from the original query for RBS. First  , every database has different semantics  , which we can use to improve the quality of the keyword search. For every pattern tp i in query Q  , a sorted access sa i retrieves matching triples in descending score order. When examining words nearby query terms in the embedding space  , we found words to be related to the query term.