A regular expression r is single occurrence if every element name occurs at most once in it. In the first phase  , a traditional search is done before the classification program is called to analyze the search results. The current implementation of DARQ uses logical query optimization in two ways. The client computes h root using a recursive function starting from the root node. Alternatively   , a search engine might choose to display the top-scoring tweets in rank order regardless of time. Accordingly  , we present a novel probabilistic approach to fusion that lets similar documents across the lists provide relevance-status support to each other. Recall evaluates a search system based on how highly it ranks the documents that corresponds to ground truth. Correlations were measured using the Pearson's correlation coefficient. This observation has led to the development of cross-lingual query expansion CLQE techniques 2  , 16  , 18. To demonstrate the usefulness of this novel language resource we show its performance on the Multilingual Question Answering over Linked Data challenge QALD-4 1 . At first  , an initial set of population is structured randomly  , and the Q-table that consists of phenotype of the initial population is constructed. Surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems. The upper limit k is decided at index construction time  , and is typically a value such as k = 8. Applicability in an Epoq optimizer is similar in function to pattern-matching and condition-matching of left-hand sides in more traditional rule-based optimizers. This result could conceivably indicate that on average  , traditional full-text text ranking methods are best for XML search at least for documents embedding large chunks of text. Using MCMC  , we queried for the probability of an individual being a ProblemLoan. have been generated based on keyword and document semantic proximities 7. ICTNETVS06 uses Random Forest text classification model  , the result is the sum of voting. In this section  , we describe probFuse  , a probabilistic approach to data fusion. It can be seen that the proposed CLIR model favourably compares with competitors on both evaluation sets  , even if score differences are not statistically significant. We also presented a method of translation selection based on the cohesion among translation words. The robustness of the approach is also studied empirically in this paper. In these conditions   , the interpretation tree approach seems impracticable except for very small maps. Where applicable  , both F-Measures pessimistic and re-weighted are reported. However  , the general problem is NP-complete 4. We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space  , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. Our experiments on numeric data show that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test achieves the highest label prediction accuracy of the various statistical hypothesis tests.  We complement our quantitative evaluation with a qualitative one Section 5. A more likely domain/range restriction enhances the candidate matching. Executing an action with a high Q-value in the current state does not necessarily return an immediate high reward  , but the future actions will very likely return a high cumulative reward. Such one click interface is used in recent image search engine like Google image search. There are several open challenges for our CQ architecture. For example  , consider the command ALL OPERATIONstack which displays the entries of the--I/0 headings in the forms for a data abstraction named stack. Heuristic search aspires to solve this problem efficiently by utilizing background knowledge encoded in a heuristic function. Bigrams  , with tagging .60 Results with the language model can be improved by heuristically combining the three best scoring models above unigrams with no tagging and the two bigram models. It is only recently  , for example  , that IBM announced plans to build the world's fastest supercomputer — Blue Gene — which will attempt to compute the three-dimensional folding of human protein molecules. In this paper  , we have proposed a novel probabilistic framework for formally modeling the evidence of individual passages in a document. Besides the most basic way to incorporate new evidence into an existing probabilistic model  , that is conditional probability  , there are some alternatives such as using Dempster-Shafer theory 5 or cross-entropy 4 . In this paper we present a novel probabilistic information retrieval model and demonstrate its capability to achieve state-of-the-art performance on large standardized text collections. It encompasses cultural heritage generally and is envisaged as 'semantic glue' mediating between different sources and types of information. Then we compute the single source shortest path from y using breadth first search. This approach is particularly useful in that it provides seamless access to personalized projects from other applications. Mimic focuses on relatively small but potentially complex code snippets  , whereas Pasket synthesizes large amounts of code based on design patterns. Deletion of tuples is performed symmetrically  , from the leaves to the root  , updating each concerned summary to take into account tuple deletion. As rather conventional data structures are provided to program these functions no " trick programming " is required and as dynamic storage allocation and de-allocation is done via dedicated allocation routines /KKLW87/  , this risk seems to be tolerable. Points that are not core and not reachable from a core are labeled as noise. Let Ts ,a ,s be the probability of transitioning from state s to state s' using action a. Figure 2illustrates results of FIRES in comparison to SUBCLU  , and CLIQUE applied on a synthetic dataset containing three clusters of significantly varaying dimensionality and density. Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in Thus  , it helps IMRank to converge to a good ranking if influential nodes are initially ranked high. 3.2 is initially set up with a path length based semantic similarity measure of concepts. During For example  , the query query number 85 in the 10 ,000 query set: In most of the existing click models  , we are only aware of which position is clicked  , but the underlying " semantic explanations " for the clicking behavior  , e.g. Chen Chen et al. We tested the two BMEcat conversions using standard validators for the Semantic Web  , presented in Section 3.1. With respect to RQ2 cluster stability scores can be used help determine the optimum number of clusters and evaluate the " goodness " of the resulting clusters 7. Figure 4shows an example. If model damping terms are set to zero and S=O  , a combination of values for Q  , R  , and the ANN learning parameter that allow the controller of 1 7 1 to converge could not be found. The knowledge offered by a learning object LO i and the prerequisites required to reach that LO are denoted LO i and PR i respectively. Practically  , it is impossible to search all subgraphs that appear in the database. However   , instead of using time domain intervals  , we use intervals from the data transformed into alternate representations. To test the most accurate efficiency predictors based on single features  , we compute the correlation and the RMSE between the predicted and actual response times on the test queries  , after training on the corresponding training set with the same query length. maximize the likelihood that our particular model produced the data. This is also observed in our experiments. Users begin a search for web services by entering keywords relevant to the search goal. The " keyword " problem space's states are all search strings and search results. The methods were presented for the case of undirected unweighed graphs  , but they can be generalized to support weighted and directed graphs by replacing BFS with Dijkstra traversal and storing two separate trees for each landmark – one for incoming paths and another for outgoing ones. A screenshot of the experiment application is shown in Figure 2: the title bar displays a single search query  , selected randomly from the collection. A second operator considered within the system is the Fast Fourier Transform FFT. We used the GNU sort application the " sort merge "  on the relevance scores in the domain result sets for a topic as a baseline merge application to merge the results into a single ranked list. A technique for translating queries indirectly using parallel corpora has been proposed by Sheridan & Ballerini 19  , 20. This work provides an integrated view of qualitatively effective similarity search and performance efficient indexing in text; an issue which has not been addressed before in this domain. Then  , we learn the combinations of different modalities by multi kernel learning. In summary  , the plan generator considers and evaluates the space of plans where the joins have exactly two arguments . For brevity  , we omit nodes in a regular expression unless required  , and simply describe path expressions in terms of regular expressions over edge labels. Dynamic programming can be employed to find the optimal solution for LCS efficiently. Since the Razumikhin func­ tion can be constructed easily and the additional re­ striction for the system is not required in the pro­ posed recursive design  , an asymptotically stabilizing controller can be explicitly constructed. The former corresponds to method behavior of the GIL0-2 class and the latter to the GIL0-2 collaboration. Similarity search in 3D point sets has been studied extensively . As we can see  , the proposed approach is an order of magnitude faster than the production quality regular expression solution. Term disambiguation has been a subject of intensive study in CLIR Ballesteros  , 1998. To avoid unnecessary materializations  , a recent study 6 introduces a model that decides at the optimization phase which results can be pipelined and which need to be materialized to ensure continuous progress in the system. higher Max F 1 score than ANDD-LSH-Jacc  , and both outperform Charikar's random projection method. Through extensive simulations and experiments with an IBM intranet search engine  , we demonstrate that the scheme achieves online update speed while maintaining good query performance. We utilized a similar methodology in SCDA. As a result  , the search result of a query may change accordingly as the corpus of a search engine evolves. The action that is chosen is determined by the weighted sum of the context features and a random component. Denote the top two classes with highest probability values for the distributions P and Q to be c 1 After that  , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. The linked geo data extension is implemented in Triplify by using a configuration with regular expression URL patterns which extract the geo coordinates  , radius and optionally a property with associated value and insert this information into an SQL query for retrieving corresponding points of interest. Similar to cluster-based retrieval  , we rank the verticals clusters based on their estimated relevance and ultimately select the top ranked verticals to choose items from. A random search is asked the same problem and the results figure 7 right show that the intelligence included in genetic optimization is far superior to the random search. Indeed  , the best solution is hardly improved and the population is vowed to stagnation . Currently programming is done in terms of files. Given a finite time series Xt = xt : 1 ≤ t ≤ T   , the Shannon entropy can be expressed as As concepts are nouns or noun phrases in texts  , only word patterns with the NP tag are collected. To identify similarities among the researchers  , we used the cosine similarity  , the Pearson correlation similarity  , and the Euclidean distance similarity. For example  , one can join two 450 megabyte objects by reading both into main memory and then performing a main-memory sort-merge. It can be seen that the classifiers that produced the best results were the Random Forest classifier for the HTML features  , the J48 classifier for the Java- Script features  , and the J48 classifier for the URL-and host-based features. Consequently  , random walks may assign undesirable large emission probabilities to queries and URLs generated by an irrelevant search intent. In addition  , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects. However  , the accuracy of query translation is not always perfect. Evidentiality We study a simple measure of evidentiality in RAOP posts: the presence of an image link within the request text detected by a regular expression. One would need more data  , especially of control subjects to be able to state that automatic methods always significantly outperform human observers in clinical practice. 12 propose a method figure 1c that applies LSH on a learned metric referred as M+LSH in Table 1. Fusion was by CombMNZ with exponential z-score normalisation. There exists rich research on search in social media community   , such as friend suggestion user search  , image tagging tag search and personalized image search image search. Search trails originate with a directed search i.e. They use probabilities derived from the target language corpus to choose one transliteration  , reporting improved CLIR results  , similar to ours. , specular reflectors. In our case , We consider that learning scores for ranking from a supervised manner  , in which the ranking of images corresponding to a given textual query is available for training. When the action to be taken is considered the first step of a longer sequence  , computing the utility function may involve motion planning  , or even game-tree search  , if reactions of other objects are taken into account. The approximate entropy can be computed for any time series  , chaotic or otherwise  , at a low computational cost  , and even for small data samples T < 50. Here  , graph equality means isomor- phism. Methods for translation have focused on three areas: dictionary translariun  , parallel or comparable corpora for generating a translation model  , and the employment of mnchine franslution MT techniques. We prefer to consider the problem in terms of sum square error  , but each view affords its own useful insight. Many applications require that the similarity function reflects mutual dependencies of components in feature vectors  , e.g. Also note that k = 0 represents the static cluster from RANSAC while k = 1.. K is a unique identifier for the individual dynamic clusters found using DBSCAN for the current frame. For example  , using TopicInfo Corpus  , we may get the relevance between the tweet link and user's query while using Origin Corpus  , we can get the content relevance between the query and the tweet text. The patterns used in ILQUA are automatically learned and extracted. The decomposition uses a combination of heuristic and dynamic programming strategies. The editor can convert the symptom into a regular expression  , thereby stripping out all the irrelevant parts of the symptom. Although uol. Section 2 begins by placing our search problem in the context of the related work. Clearly  , the phone number conventions in US are different than in Sweden  , but also in the UK. For this  , we consider how many hill climbing steps the approach requires at each level and how many grasps need to be compared in each of these steps. IR systems need to engage users in a diafogue and begin modeling the user -on the topics of search terms and strategies  , domain knowledge  , information-seeking and searching knowledge -before a single search term is entered -as well as throughout the search interaction. In the following section  , five pictogram categories are described  , and characteristics in pictogram interpretation are clarified. In other words  , the keyword/content based similarity calculation is very inaccurate due to the short length of queries. We also showed how to extend this framework to combine data from different domains to further improve the recommendation quality. It follows from observation 3.3 that all paths of G correspond to m-coherent chains. When sorting order is important  , the optimizer adds a  ,modified combine node called merge-combine above the index-scanned relation. Accordingly   , our approach allows the user to specify regular expression patterns as part of the fitness function such that sample graph vertices matching the pattern should be clustered and mapped to a particular model graph vertex. To ensure critical mass  , several programmers were explicitly asked to contribute in the early stages of Stack Overflow. , <formula>  Promising research directions include: 1 using patterns e.g. New human computer interaction knowledge and technology must be developed to support these new possibilities for autonomous systems. To perform information retrieval  , a label is also associated with each term in the query. To prove the applicability of our technique  , we developed a system for aggregating and retrieving online newspaper articles and broadcast news stories. goal-directed invocation. File services in NOSE are based on the Wisconsin Storage System WiSS CDKK85. Exactly this type of optimization lies in the heart of a read-optimized DB design and comprises the focus of this paper. Each control U represents a possible action of the manipulators. We describe here a technique to approximate the matcher by a DNF expression. In this paper we aim to learn from positive and negative user interactions recorded in voice search logs to mine implicit transcripts that can be used to train ASR models for voice queries first contribution . Clearly  , the samples produced by QBS are far from random . To identify the usefulness of these WE-based metrics  , we conducted a large-scale pairwise user study to gauge human preferences. For instance  , if two labels are perfectly correlated then they will end up in the same leaf nodes and hence will be either predicted  , or not predicted  , together. Find takes the following arguments: stack  , which contains the nodes on the path from the root to the current node of Find Find starts tree traversal from the top node of the stack; if the stack is empty  , the root of the tree is assumed; search-key  , the key value being sought; lock-mode  , a flag which indicates whether an exclusive lock  , shared lock  , or neither should be obtained on the key returned by Find; and latch-mode  , a flag which if True indicates that the node at which Find terminates should be latched exclusively. These pages were collected during August 2004  , and were drawn arbitrarily from the full MSN Search crawl. The " Find-sub-query " call on the merge-combine node is slightly different than on a normal combine node. We note that xtract also uses the MDL principle to choose the best expression from a set of candidates. For the non-number entities  , a regular expression is used for each class to search the text for entities. A feature ranking list is then generated according to its contribution in training the optimal ranking function. After a user inputs " Kyoto " as the keyword for search  , Google returns the initial image search results. Note that although the first two baselines are heuristic and simple   , they do produce reasonable results for short-term popularity prediction  , thus forming competitive baselines see 29. It is the task of the query optimizer to produce a reasonable evaluation strategy  161. We also computed the Pearson coefficient r between the average forecast error rates of the top five QAC suggestions and the final ρ and MRR values computed for those rankings . It is not difficult to see that a regular expression exists for the tag paths in Table 1. Additionally  , the annotation tool features a search box above the policy  , which enables annotators to search for key terms or phrases within the policy before selecting an answer. Similar observations about the relative trade-offs between Quicksort and rep1 1 were made in Grae90  , DeWi911. Our main contribution is the search engine that can organize large volumes of these complex descriptors so that the similarity queries can be evaluated efficiently. Solid lines show the performance of the CNNbased model. The confidence of a noun phrase is computed using a modified version of Eq. To do this  , we use the following strategy: We sort the input leaf set according to the pre-order of tree T. Starting with an empty tree T   , we insert nodes into the tree in order. In this part of the experiment we measured the correlation between the model-induced measurements JSD distances of the model components and the average precision AP achieved by the search system for the 100 terabyte topics . Note that 2.3 is a recursive call for a NE ?J ? The "." The similarity between the user profile vector and page category vector is then used to re-rank search results: Figure 10: The one-dimension of distribution of the Q­ values when the se ct ions of the Q-value surfaces  , Fig. A short time difference usually indicates the highly temporal relevance between the tweet and the query. In this paper  , the primary purpose of fitting a model is not prediction  , but to provide a quantitative means to identify sub-populations. With our approach  , an object surface is divided into a set of cross section curves  , with closed B-spline curve used to reconstruct each of them by fitting to partial data points. The search results are displayed in the standard output window in Visual Studio sorted in decreasing order based on similarity values between the query keywords and the respective methods. Every session began with a query to Google  , Yahoo! Atheris relies on the robust pattern-matching technique of ViPER and introduces an abstraction layer between web pages and additional functionality for these pages changing the appearance  , adding information  , etc. SQUALL2SPARQL takes an inputs query in SQUALL  , which is a special English based language  , and translates it to SPARQL. The weight of the matched sub-tree of a pattern is defined by the formula: For the evaluation of the importance of partially matching sub-trees we use a scoring scheme defined in Kouylekov and Tanev  , 2004. the cutting blade. An element definition specifies a pair consisting of an element name and a constraint. We used it in our comparison experiments. Without loss of generality  , the chi-square test 8 is employed to identify concrete itemsets by statistically evaluating the dependency among items in individual itemsets . Although it takes long time to converge  , the learning method can find a sequence of feasible actions for the robot to take. , nested loops  , sort-merge. During testing phase  , the texture fea­ ture extracted from the image will be classified by the support vector machine. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: Section 2 presents the programming model and its main entities: complets  , the relocatable application building blocks  , and complet references  , FarGo's main abstraction for dynamic layout programming. The close correspondence between the search expansion and the suffix tree implies that this step corresponds to exploring all the children of the corresponding suffix tree node. They are comprised of cascades of regular expression patterns   , that capture among other things: base noun phrases  , single-level  , two-level  , and recursive noun phrases  , prepositional phrases  , relative clauses  , and tensed verbs with modals. The problem of folding and unfolding is an interesting research topic and has been studied in several application do­ mains. Bindings link to a PatternParameter and a value through the :parameter and :bindingValue properties respectively. The contents of the bit-stack can be manipulated as optional operations of search or pointer transfer instructions. the input threshold. These techniques have also been used to extend WordNet by Wikipedia individuals 21 . The problem can be solved by existing numerical optimization methods such as alternating minimization and stochastic gradient descent. Performance should be slightly better when starting with a hot cache. When joint motions generated by a resolution strategy on closed end-effector paths are cyclic  , this strab egy defines an inverse kznematic function 7. Adding then becomes a sequence of Boolean operations: we intersect the value to add with the " adder " BDD and remove the original value by existential quantification. The thesaurus is incorporated within classical information retrieval models  , such as vector space model and probabilistic model 13. That means the in memory operation account for significant part in the evaluation cost and requires further work for optimization. The performance conditions are shown in For each search result viewed  , subjects were asked two questions: To keep the merges as fast as those of the baseline fullmerge   , we also do not maintain the set of top-k items as we merge  , and not even the min-k score. This section presents a different perspective on the point set registration problem. The results in 16  indicate that  , for purposes of query optimization  , the benefits of identifying kth-order dependencies diminish sharply as k increases beyond 2. Even when keyword search is used to select all training documents  , the result is generally superior to that achieved when random selection is used. A leaf node l stores a distribution P l c over class labels c. This distribution is modeled by a histogram computed over the class labels of the training data that ended up at this leaf node. To address the shortcomings of the existing state-of-theart methods for query rewriting  , we propose to take a rad-ically new approach to this task  , motivated by the recent success of distributed language models in NLP applications 31  , 38. To the best of our knowledge  , the majority of previous works aim either at building a search model per user or at building common search models for users with similar search interests. This approach provides a more precise result type  , and the resulting expression does not require useless evaluation with respect to the type information. Self-encrypting and polymorphic viruses were originally devised to circumvent pattern-matching detection by preventing the virus generating a pattern. The online check-ins contain abundant information of users' physical movements in daily lives  , e.g. It is the sort of crawl which might be used by a real .gov search service: breadth first  , stopped after the first million html pages and including the extracted plain text of an additional 250 ,000 non-html pages doc  , pdf and ps. The most common of these include dynamic programming 2   , mixed integer programming 5  , simulation and heuristics based methods. From the week-long sample of search sessions described in Section 3.1  , we generate a dataset for our re-ranking experiments. Given the initial and desired final configurations of the system  , the high level problem is how to get from the initial to the final equivalence region. Thus  , the existing approaches can not be directly applied to discretization for maximizing the parameterized goodness function. The observation likelihood is computed once for each of the samples  , so tracking becomes much more computationally feasible. Working versions are contained in libraries whose names consist of Xlib   , and the corresponding systems versions are found in <lib . Section 4 concerns the data collection and fitting procedures for computation of leg model. Property 2 shows how the n-cube can be used to simulate the behavior and function of the RMRN ,. However  , in ARC-programs what is more important is the means by which bindings are propagated in rules. In the WSDM Evaluation setup  , we compare the performance of BARACO and MT using the following metrics: AUC and Pearson correlation as before. are themselves further defined in terms of pattern expressions in a text reference language which allows keywords  , positional contexts  , and simple syntactic and semantic notions. We disabled constant folding in LLVM because our test cases use concrete constants for the optimizations that use dataflow analyses as described in Section 4. A similarity score between each place vector from Google Places and each preference vector based on the cosine measure was then computed. The first method is to take the fast Fourier transform FFT of the impulse response for Table 2: Characteristic frequencies for link 2 a given impulse command. Locating a piece of music on the map then leaves you with similar music next to it  , allowing intuitive exploration of a music archive. Thus  , Dijkstra quickly becomes infeasible for practical purposes; it takes 10 seconds for 1000 services per task  , and almost 100 seconds for 3000 services per task. This information is made available to further relational operators in the relational operator tree to eliminate sort operations. Our second contribution is showing that the CAL500 data set contains useful information which can be used to train a QBSD music retrieval system. CPL is implemented on top of an extensible query system called Kleisli2  , which is written entirely in ML 19. First  , we examine the effect of window size on the role composition of each forum. However Powell et al. 36 developed heuristics to promote search results with the same topical category if successive queries in a search session were related by general similarity  , and were not specializations  , generalizations or reformulations. We assume that a breadth-first search is performed over these top ranked invocations. Furthermore  , based on this index structure  , Tagster incorporates a tag-based user characterization that takes into account the global tag statistics for better navigation and ranking of resources. of the window for each attribute was a random fraction of the domain range for that attribute. To avoid problems of over-fitting  , we regularize the model weights using L2 regularization. In the calculated Pearson correlation coefficients R between the objectives  , we verify a strong positive correlation between iF and fo objectives R = 0.6431 and between fF and foe objectives R = 0.6709. Selection and reproduction are applied and new population is structured . in conjunction with query languages that enable keyword querying  , pattern matching e.g. When the SQL engine parses the query  , it passes the image expression to the image E-ADT   , which performs type checking and returns an opaque parse structure ParseStruct. This Figure 4: Use of case inheritance search travels upwards in the hierarchy  , i.e. We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. Program building blocks are features that use AspectJ as the underlying weaving technology . General query optimization is infeasible. Other examples of the use of CLIR are given by Oard and Dorr 1996. The first set of experiments establish a basic correlation between talking on messenger and similarity of various attributes. However  , in many cases  , MLE is computationally expensive or even intractable if the likelihood function is complex. A similarly striking effect for dependencies is observed in §3.4. The waypoints marked on the image indicate equally spaced one-hour time increments  , with the exception of the first interval  , which is a half hour. It identifies all A j nodes shared by some simple cycles line 13 with L i   , and contracts those simple cycles to a single node based on cases 1–3 line 14- 16. The structure of such a tree should ideally be determined with reference to some cost function which takes into account such parameters as the likelihood of a given error occurring  , the time taken to test for its presence and the time and financial cost in recovery. So far It has only been possible to identifY approximate intermediate confoTI11ations for few proteins. The most important difference between them is the fact that CLIR is based on queries  , consisting of a few words only  , whereas in CLTC each class is defined by an extensive profile which may be seen as a weighted collection of documents. Planner 2 is resolution complete when all the jump points are considered. Similar to that of a traditional search engine  , a user submits a query consisting of keywords to the system. In relation to DBSCAN unstable clusters represent data points that should either have formed part of another cluster or should have been classified as noise. On the 99-node cluster  , indexing time for the first English segment of the ClueWeb09 collection ∼50 million pages was 145 minutes averaged over three trials; the fastest and slowest running times differed by less than 10 minutes. from the LOD Laundromat collection to be findable through approximate string matching on natural language literals. Computing random relative access rate for links with group traffic was a complicated procedure. The existing thread has the additional topic node 413 which is about compression of inverted index for fast information retrieval. The random walk sampler used a burn-in period of 1 ,000 steps. We start with a probabilistic retrieval model: we use probabilistic indexing weights  , the document score is the probability that the document implies the query  , and we estimate the probability that the document is relevant to a user. Future research should concentrate on finding methods by which the performance of CLIR queries could be improved further. Once the name entities are detected  , we compute their occurrence frequencies within the document corpus  , and discard those name entities which have very low occurrence values. Accepting Qud moves corresponds I ,O a " hill climbing " IC91: on the other side of IJtc! The <version definition > describes the versions a building block A belongs to. By determining the size of the map the user can decide which level of abstraction she desires. In our experiments  , we use the gensim implementation of skipgram models 2 . It worked opposite the various databases during performance of the search. A chi-squared test found no significant difference in the number of participants beginning work across the nine conditions. When m or n is large  , storing user or item vectors of the size Omr or Onr and similarity search of the complexity On will be a critical efficiency bottleneck   , which has not been well addressed in recent progress on recommender efficiency 23. Hence  , we cast the problem of learning a distance metric D between a node and a label as that of learning a distance metric D that would make try to ensure that pairs of nodes in the same segment are closer to each other than pairs of nodes across segments. Other studies on random mobile query streams indicate this e.g. Digital items of this type represent cohesive semantic units that may be substantial in size  , requiring extensive effort to assess for relevance. Our approach outperforms both the simple PLSA and Dual-PLSA methods  , as well as a transfer learning approach Collaborative Dual-PLSA. The goal would be to efficiently obtain a measure of the semantic distance between two versions of a document. For each document identifier passed to the Snippet Engine   , the engine must generate text  , preferably containing query terms  , that attempts to summarize that document. For this task  , dynamic programming DP has become the standard model. However  , between fo and foe R = 0.0758 objectives we verify a very low correlation  , that indicates there is no relationship between these objectives. While Broder treated search intents as relatively short-term activities 10  , Marchionini's classification included long-term search activities such as learn and investigate  , and he argued that exploratory searches were searches pertinent to the learn and investigate search activi- ties. Using Dijkstra or other graph searching methods  , a path between the start and goal configuration is then easily found. Consider a two class classification problem. The subject then performed a pattern-level search for the regular expression " blocking "   , which resulted in several sentences  , including the following: " if the underlying IPC mechanism does not support non-blocking  , the developer could use a separate thread to handle communication " . By creating a separate relation for every spec field  , Squander solves all these problems: whatever abstraction function is given to a spec field  , it will be translated into a relational constraint on the corresponding relation  , and Kodkod will find a suitable value for it. We also recursively join each child with its right-adjacent sibling. Furthermore  , to the best of our knowledge  , SLIDIR is the first system specifically designed to retrieve and rank synthetic images. To our knowledge  , the issue of finding an optimal plan taking into account sort orders for parameters of subqueries or procedures has not been addressed in the past. Thii attribute enables DBLEARN to output such statistical statements as 8% of all students majoring in Sociology are Asians. To better understand the nature of the VelociRoACH oscillations as a function of the stride frequency  , we used Python 3 to compute the fast Fourier transform of each run  , first passed through a Hann window  , and then averaged across repeated trials. where F is a given likelihood function parameterized by θ. There is considerable variation within each run -the standard deviation is as much as 15 percent in initial rotational velocity and 5 percent in initial translational velocity. For every search result from SERPs we collected two variants of bad snippets. We have developed a comprehensive set of rules for parsing the lexicalized chain  , classifying modifiers by type  , and building parsing tree. In addition   , system supports patterns combining exact matching of some of their parts and approximate matching of other parts  , unbounded number of wild cards  , arbitrary regular expressions  , and combinations  , exactly or allowing errors. The prototypes of data objects must be considered during entity matching to find patterns. The probability of a repeat click as a function of elapsed time between identical queries can be seen in Figure 5. , sort-merge or existing physical access paths. First the parameter space was coarsely gridded with logarithmic spacing. This will not always be feasible in larger domains  , and intelligent search heuristics will be needed. Even for simple temporal queries  , this approach results in long XQuery programs. By averaging over the response of each tree in the forest  , the input fea ture vector is classified as either stable or not. In particular  , we illustrate how to explore the congestion sources from eRCNN. Traditionally  , BWT rearranges bytes in a block by the sort order of all its suffixes. We use statistical information criteria during the search to dynamically determine which features are to be included into the model. For temponym detection in text documents  , we adopt a similar approach and develop a rule-based system that uses similarity matching in a large dictionary of event names and known paraphrases. The signature can be extended using function symbols  , to yield the full power of Prolog specifications. In this paper  , we present a novel framework for learning term weights using distributed representations of words from the deep learning literature. Usually only frequency formula search is supported by current chemistry information systems. This results in a depth first search. We have simulated the same VSA-II model under exactly the same design and operative conditions: encoder quantization  , white noise on motor torques  , torque input profiles  , polynomials used for the fitting  , etc. However  , except for very early work with small databases 22   , there has been little empirical evaluation of multilingual thesauri controlled vocabularies in the context of free-text based CLIR  , particularIy when compared to dictionary and corpus-based methods. A second experiment dealt with score normalisation. Both NUS and NIfWP queries were divided into two subtypes  , structured and unstructured queries. In all  , we collected and analyzed 225 responses from a total of 10 different judges. In this experiment  , leave-one-out was used for training 3. That is  , each of these normalization rules takes as input a single token and maps it to a more general class  , all of which are accepted by the regular expression. They develop a model called ARSA which stands for Auto-Regressive Sentiment-Aware to quantitatively measure the relationship between sentiment aspects and reviews . Thus  , this regular expression is used. First  , we need a basic assumption of what the distributions will look like. The XML specification requires regular expressions to be deterministic. Source code is often paired with natural language statements that describe its behavior. The contradictions identified from this study can inform the development of discovery platforms for multilingual content. Classifiers were trained according to the probabilistic model described by Lewis 14  , which was derived from a retrieval model proposed by Fuhr 9. In information retrieval domain  , systems are founded on three basic ones models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model which were derived within many variations extended Boolean models  , models based on fuzzy sets theory  , generalized vector space model ,. Most present CLIR methods fall into three categories: dictionary-based  , MT-based and corpus-based methods 1 . For instance  , the top 20 retrieved documents have a mean relevance value of 4.2 upon 5  , versus 2.7 in the keyword search. The RAND-WALK agent impkments a completely randomized search strategy  , which has been shown to have a search complexity that is exponential in the number of state-action pairs in the system 2  , lo. In order to check how query execution time is affected by the semantics of the query i.e. In this paper a squared exponential covariance function is optimised using conjugate gradient descent. Despite this partial exploitation of the potential of the CS in providing virtual views of the DL  , its introduction has brought a number of other important advantages to the CYCLADES users. Given a query topic Qs = {s1  , s2  , ..  , sn}  , we denote its correct translation as Different probabilistic retrieval models result in different estimators of Eri and Cn. Summing over query sessions  , the resulting approximate log-likelihood function is The exact derivation is similar to 15 and is omitted. Recall that the problem is that for the V lock to work correctly  , updates must be classified a priori into those that update a field in an existing tuple and those that create a new tuple or delete an existing tuple  , which cannot be done in the view update scenario. In the Web community there is lots of discussion about organic and sponsored search. On the other hand  , if the focus is to learn the most effective ranking function possible disregarding efficiency   , then we can use a constant efficiency value. , 21  focus on " deep " parsing of sentences and the production of logical representations of text in contrast with the lighter weight techniques used by KNOWITALL. Moreover  , it can extract semantically relevant query translations to benefit CLIR. We made use of Spearman's rho 8  , which measures the monotonic consistency between two variables   , to test whether NST@Self stays in line with modelfree methods. In that way  , a search system will retrieve documents according to both text and temporal criteria  , e.g. PropBank was manually annotated with verbargument structures. Overlaid on the video  , the observers could see a curve displaying their recent evaluation history See Figure 2-Bottom. Like Q-learning. To the best of our knowledge  , our work is the first to establish a collaborative Twitter-based search personalization framework and present an effective means to integrate language modeling  , topic modeling and social media-specific components into a unified framework. Given this automaton  , we can use dynamic programming to find the most likely state sequence which replicates the data. Once the vectors containing the top results for the two compared texts are retrieved  , cosine similarity between the two vectors is computed to measure their similarity. The Pearson correlation between these two distributions is highly significant r = .959  , p < .001. To calculate the failure probabilities of the subsystems  , we searched the IEEE Std. In addition to surface text pattern matching  , we also adopt N-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. Then  , calculate the error rate of the random forest on the entire original data  , where the classification for each data point is done only by its out-of-bag trees. A Fast Fourier Transform FFT based method WiaS employed to compute the robot's C-space. Therefore  , the results retrieved based on it are more relevant to the query than those retrieved by the CBR systems  , which rely on low-level features only. , ridge regularization method 12. Two areas for further investigation are: the use of probabilistic dependencies as constrainta  , and the way in which they interact; and the concept of the degree to This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. During the online stage  , the largest category of user elicitation related to search terminology 28% and secondly to search procedures 21%. What is shown at each point in the figure is the monolingual percentage of the CLIR MAP. The Forest Cover Type problem considered in Figure 9is a particularly challenging dataset because of its size both in terms of the number of the instances and the number of attributes. One binary support vector machine is trained for each unordered pair of classes on the training document set resulting in m*m-1/2 support vector machines. The objects are sorted in ascending order of estimated preferences  , and highly ranked objects are recommended . This is implemented by the following pseudo code: new command name: ALL OPERATION; move the cursor to the form with heading DATA ABSTRACTION: stack; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; loop: while there is child form with heading OPERATION ; display the operation name and its I/0 entry; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; end loop ; The extended command ALL__OPERATION stack displays useful methodology oriented information and greatly reduces the number of key strokes n ec essary. for each distinct value combination of all the possible run-time parameters. This makes each optimization step independent of the total number of available datapoints. The models were trained and fine-tuned using the deep learning framework Caffe 12. For each system and each search space configuration  , we compute over the 24 defects that have correct patches in the full SPR and Prophet search space 1 the total number of patches the developer reviews this number is the cost and 2 the total number of defects for which the developer obtains a correct patch this number is the payoff. , ∀ nodes x  , y ∈ G and for any predicate p  , either px  , y or ¬px  , y holds in G. In particular  , all nodes in a maximal OTSP sets are totally ordered using a topological sort. the user leaving the ad landing page. Rather than over fitting to the limited number of examples  , users might be fitting a more general but less accurate model. Once the semantic relevance values were calculated  , the pictograms were ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the major category. Considering each mashup as a path  , we found that about 80% of 4100 existing mashup depth was no more than 3  , so we decided to make the depth level of the breadth-first-search be 3. Thus  , it provides the first tractable method for search of grasp contacts on such input data. Here the search engine was initially IBM's TSE search engine  , later replaced with IBM's GTR search engine  , and the database was DB2. In this way we represent each comment by a dense low-dimensional vector which is trained to predict words in the comment and overcomes the weaknesses of word embeddings solely. 4  , 5 proposed using statistics on query expressions to facilitate query optimization. This interface allows users to capture a screenshot of any interface  , enter some query keywords  , and submit the resulting multimodal query to the search engine  , and display the search result in a Web browser. the context of SFP  , the query model is a discriminating property between systems. In Fig.8  , this is shown as pointer b. Protein Folding. We have already mentioned bug pattern matchers 10  , 13  , 27: tools that statically analyze programs to detect specific bugs by pattern matching the program structure to wellknown error patterns. As anticipated  , performance is still behind dictionary independent methods using parallel corpora lo. Our particular interest in this paper is on event-centric search and exploration tasks. This study helped us answer the following questions: For example  , when the added latency was 750ms  , the likelihood of participants to feel the added latency was not different than random in case of SE slow   , but they were able to notice the added latency with much higher likelihood around 0.82 probability in case of SE fast . In general we observed that a small but specific set of attributes are sufficient indicators of a navigational page. We use a Random Forest model trained on several features to disambiguate two authors a and b in two different papers p and q 28. First and foremost  , we have demonstrated the extension of our previous Q-learning work I31 to a significantly more complicated action space. For questions with a simple answer pattern  , the answer candidates can be found by fixed pattern matching. Further  , the cost of the plan for the outer query block can vary significantly based on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the parameters. Each participant was expected to carry out a search task on each one of Search Friend's interfaces systematically. Candidate phrases are phrases that match a pre-defined set of regular expression patterns. The learning rate q determines how rapidly EG learns from each example. The following notions are necessary to take into account disconnectivity constraints. In other words  , the goal of our first experiment is to derive   , from a corpus of XSD definitions  , the regular expression content models in the schema for XML Schema Definitions 3 . Fourth  , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets so that its coverage detection capability is often more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method e.g. In this optimization  , we transform the QTree itself. In Section IV the proposed ranking loss is described in detail. Consider the above mentioned keyword-based search technique  , for instance. However  , intrinsically diverse search sessions  , e.g. As such they had to construct a strong notion of the form and content of a relevant image  , which one might call their semantic relevance. Having a sort order of the parameters across calls that matches the sort order of the inner query gives an effect similar to merge join. , 26  , 41  , consider an optimization graph-logical or physical--representing the entire query. If the modeled concept is a generic concept such as ComponentType in Fig. Variants of TA have been studied for multimedia similarity search 12 ,31   , ranking query results from structured databases 1  , and distributed preference queries over heterogeneous Internet sources such as digital libraries   , restaurant reviews  , street finders  , etc. The result was quite similar to the hill climbing heuristic  , but it skipped many important blocks in some of the cases. Although the above measure SOi. The Melbourne team was a collaboration of the University of Melbourne  , RMIT University   , and the Victorian Society for Computers and the Law. In Section 2  , we give a brief review of related work. This difference in estimated hand position could cause the tracked state's posterior distribution  , belx  , to unstably fluctuate. The number of blocks remains constant throughout the hill climbing trial. The experimental results are in Table 1. Second  , po boils down to " pattern matching  , " which is a major function of today's page-based search engine. The results of our optimization experiments are shown in Tables 2 and 3. It may be the case that learning models is easier than learning Q functions  , as models can be learned in a supervised manner and may be smoother or less complex than Q functions. 5 Hyponymy is the semantic relation in which the extension of a word is subsumed in the extension of another word e.g. These seem to be rare in JavaScript programs—we have not encountered any in the applications in §7—and therefore serve as a diagnostic to the developer. LESS's merge passes of its external-sort phase are the same as for standard external sort  , except for the last merge pass. They did not evaluate their method in terms of similarities among named entities. In the case of discrete data the likelihood measures the probability of observing the given data as a function of θ θ θ. Hence a post-sort becomes unavoidable. The remaining phrases are then sorted  , and the ten highest-scoring phrases are returned. One of our merits is that we consider comprehensive factors including linguistic   , statistical  , and CLIR aspects to predict T . The key mining and search steps are marked in Figure 3. Although the principle of using parallel texts in CLIR is similar  , the approaches used may be very different. The inclusive query planning idea is easier to exploit since its outcome  , the representation of the available query tuning space  , can also be exploited in experiments on best-match IR systems. Experimental results on two real datasets with semantic labels show that LFH can achieve much higher accuracy than other state-of-the-art methods with efficiency in training time. Among all proposals   , random walk-based methods 20  , 17  , 19  have exhibited noticeable performance improvement when comparing to other models. Collingbourne et al. In fact  , although using small batch sizes allows the online models to update more frequently to respond to the fast-changing pattern of the fraudulent sellers   , large batch sizes often provide better model fitting than small batch sizes in online learning. In our experiments  , when less than 10% of the hubs were located within the search scope  , no hub routing was involved so that federated search completely relied on initial hub selection to reach the hubs. The square symbol in Fig. Furthermore  , it provides the aforementioned local shape representation. It was able to orient our test images with modest accuracy  , but its performance was insufficient to break the captcha. Finally  , NLJoin nested-loop join performs a nested-loop join with join predicate  , pred over its inputs with with the relation produced by left as the outer relation  , and the relation produced by right as the inner relation. A system that can effectively propose relevant tags has many benefits to offer the blogging community. In particular  , this is because computing an SPNE is typically exponential in the size of the lattice. The way RaPiD7 is applied varies significantly depending on the case. Herein  , we measure retrieval performance using average precision AP@k; i.e. We may present the data as a set of latent variables  , and these latent variables can be described either as lists of representative attributes here  , motifs or as lists of representative observations here  , upstream regions. More specifically  , RALEX implements a discriminative rank mass distribution characterised by a dynamic link following strategy that is sensitive to both topical relevance and information freshness a measure we devised based on age and topical longevity of papers. The challenge from a robotics perspective is to determine when role switching is advantageous to the team  , versus remaining in their current roles. If the heuristic is misleading then  , at some point  , every successor is worse than the current node. Therefore  , unrestricted DSU is standard in many dynamic programming languages. Despite promising experimental results with each of these approaches   , the main hurdle to improved CLIR effectiveness is resolving ambiguity associated with translation. The Internet Archive 25 once provided a full-text search engine called Recall 20 that had a keyword search future for 11 billion pages in its archive. We report results as averages across all EC classes in We performed " one-class vs. rest " Support Vector Machine classification and repeated this for all six EC top level classes. Similar to the approach shown in Fig- ure 4a  , these weight values are derived from a function of the current position and the distance to the destination position . This is achieved by merging R  ,-4 with whatever is left in R5 to H  , , ,  , appending the result to R  ,-  , " Figure 2c. Note the mutual recursive nature of linkspecs and link clauses. Therefore  , a poker player with a winning hand would try to bet carefully to keep the pot growing and at the same time keep the opponent from folding early. , 7 and 11. For the Streaming Slot Filling task  , our system achieved the goal of filling slots by employing a pattern learning and matching method. Different from the convention of storing the index of each object with itself  , the LGM stores the knowledge as the links between media objects. In order to understand the data analyzed  , we briefly describe the framework used to implement the lightweight comment summarizer. For more details about the labeled data set  , please refer to 4. In this way we always aim at the neighbouring cell with the best worst-outcome. Levow and Oard  , 1999 studied the impact of lexicon coverage on CLIR performance. However  , if the optimal contour crosses many partitions  , the performance will not be as good. Using the generated pattern as a starting point  , the developer interactively modifies the pattern by inserting wildcards and matching constraints. Figure 1  , the top location has a confidence of 1.0: In the past  , each time some programmer extended the fKeys array   , she also extended the function that sets the preference default values. Also  , a simple path expression may contain a regular expression or " wildcards " as described in AQM + 97. In many RDF applications  , e.g. The operation model offers guidelines for representing behavioral aspects of a method or an operation in terms of pre-and post-conditions. These valid ranges can be propagated through the entire query as described in SLR94. Advertisers submit creatives and bid on keywords or search queries. As a demonstration of the viability of the proposed methodology  , SKSs for a number of communities the Los Alamos National Laboratory's LANL Research Library http://lib-www.lanl.gov/. While the problemtailored heuristics and the search-oriented heuristics require deep knowledge on the problem characteristics to design problem-solving procedures or to specify the search space  , the learning-based heuristics try t o automatically capture the search control knowledge or the common features of good solutions t o solve the given problem. where #d is the number of words in d  , || d|| is the norm of vector d and γ is a hyper-parameter that control the strength of regularization. The dramatic improvement over university INGRES is due to the use of a sort-merge algo- rithm. , J ,-and JZ are performed in parallel. Third  , we identify features of signal clusters that are independent of any particular topic and that can be used to effectively rank the clusters by their likelihood of containing a disputed factual claim. The all-pairs similarity search problem has been directly addressed by Broder et al. The MI- LOS XML database supports high performance search and retrieval on heavily structured XML documents  , relying on specific index structures 3 ,14  , as well as full text search 13  , automatic classification 8  , and feature similarity search 15 ,5 . CLEF 2007 is a set of 20 ,000 images  , 60 search topics  , and associated relevance judgements. This explanation applies to continuous and discrete variables and essentially any test of conditional independence. By a separately trained word embedding model using large corpus in a totally unsupervised fashion  , we can alleviate the negative impact from limited word embedding training corpus from only labeled queries. The Viterbi path contains seven states as the seventh state was generated by the sixth state and a transition to the seventh state. 2 If the Web is viewed as a graph with the nodes as documents and the edges as hyperlinks  , a crawler typically performs some type of best-first search through the graph  , indexing or collecting all of the pages it finds. To understand the content of the ad creative from a visual perspective  , we tag the ad image with the Flickr machine tags  , 17 namely deep-learning based computer vision classifiers that automatically recognize the objects depicted in a picture a person  , or a flower. For this  , we designed a scoring function to quantify the likelihood that a specific user would rate a specific attraction highly and then ranked the candidates accordingly. One problem is to avoid the kinematic and dynamic interferences between the two robots during operations . Besides these works on optimizer architectures  , optimization strategies for both traditional and " nextgeneration " database systems are being developed. Indeed  , training a classifier on the Shannon entropy of a user's distribution of NRC categories achieved good performance on FOLLOWERS and KLOUT  , with accuracies of 65.36% and 62.38% respectively both significant at p < 0.0001. Caching search results enables a search solution to reduce costs by reusing the search effort. Without this restriction  , transducers can be used for example to implement arbitrary iterative deconstructors or Turing machines. Typically  , a Web browser interprets an HTML file just once  , in sequential order  , and so the semantics of character data do not need to be spot-checked by 'random access'. We will provide some comparisons of them in image annotation problem in Section 4.2. We utilize linguistic Ling  , statistical Stat  , and CLIR features f si of query term si to capture its characteristics from different aspects. First  , we consider the mechanism of behavioral learning of simple tar get approaching. For multidimensional index structures like R-trees  , the question arises what kind of ordering results in the tree with best search performance. Since then  , research in CLIR has grown to cover a wider variety of languages and techniques. , 18  , 17 or topic model based retrieval models e.g. Finally  , we conducted extensive experiments on Freebase demonstrating the effectiveness and the efficiency of our approach. Evaluating the query tests obviously takes time polynomial in the size of the view instance and base update. During this search  , we check that the newly introduced transfer does not induce a cycle of robots waiting for each other by performing breadth first search on the graph formed by the robot's plans. While our method of analyzing procedures has been motivated by the desire to Rave no restrictions on storage sharing and to proceed with minimal a-priori specifications about the program  , it allows us to model such language features as generic modes  , procedLre variables  , parameters of type procedure  , a simulated callby-name parameter mechanism and a user-accessible evaluating function. We extract the keywords from the META tag of the doorway pages and query their semantic similarity using DISCO API. 3 The best performance is achieved by Structured PLSA + Local Prediction at average precision of 0.5925 and average recall of 0.6379. Each pattern box provides visual handles for direct manipulation of the pattern. This module contains multiple threads that work in parallel to download Web documents in a breadth-first search order. However  , performing such a merge-sort on 1 ,200 GB of data is prohibitively expensive. , 2. By projecting images into S  , cross-media relevance can be computed. Rehg 4 implemented a system called DigitEyes which tracked an unadorned hand using line and point features . In Fig.6we graph the average cost as a function of iteration for a random generated 10-station 1 00-train problem solving by local search with cycle detection. Their approach relies on a freezing technique  , i.e. We take a different approach of matching a model to the observed points  , commonly used in the robotics community. The next step in the indexing method is dedicated to comparing audio representations  , which is performed using string matching techniques. , name is the name of a user class as specified with the classifiers  , for instance  , a userAgent  , while the second part i.e. More recently  , a maximum margin method known as Struct Support Vector Machine SV M struct  19 was proposed to solve this problem. The conjunctivequery approach to pattern matching allows for an efficiently checkable notion of frequency  , whereas in the subgraph-based approach  , determining whether a pattern is frequent is NP-complete in that approach the frequency of a pattern is the maximal number of disjoint subgraphs isomorphic to the pattern 20. From feature perspective  , the user profile features age  , income  , education level  , height  , weight  , location  , photo count  , etc. A best-first search is used to build the correspondences of objects using three types of constraints. Cohn and Hofmann combine PLSA and PHITS together and derive a unified model from text contents and citation information of documents under the same latent space 4. The test document collection is more than one hundred thousand electronic medical reports. Our prototype planner is a simple attempt to meet these goals. The latest comment prior to closing the pull request matches the regular expression above. It then integrates these subtopics as described in Section 2.3. Here are some examples of our patterns: P1. , by translating the full text. Unlike classical search methods  , personalised search systems use personal data about a user to tailor search results to the specific user. The main motivations for using word2vec for our automatic evaluation were twofold: 1 Verifying whether two texts convey the same meaning is a sub-problem to Question-Answering itself. We created two systems with nearly identical user interfaces and search capabilities  , but with one system ignorant of the speech narrative. One class of approaches focuses on extracting knowledge structures automatically from text corpora. So  , if an uncompressed file is size IFI  , the compressed size will be IJ'I/u blocks long. Such systems typically work by using an image example to initiate the search. In order to avoid this drawback  , we implemented a new module of text-independent user identification based on pattern matching techniques. 3-grams CharGrams 3 comes in third with an F1 score of 95.97. We now get to our main result  , which is split into two parts  , corresponding to the exact matching and soft matching settings. Besides variables SPARQL permits blank nodes in triple patterns. To understand which features contribute most to model accuracy and whether it is possible to reduce the feature manner. , 7  , 8  , 4 . However the results are suggestive of the existence of some semantic distance effect  , with an inverse correlation between semantic distance and relevance assessment  , dependant on position in the subject hierarchy  , direction of term traversal and other factors. The optimization in Eq. After receiving N search results from high ranking  , Similarity Analyzer calculates the similarity  , defined in 2.4  , between the seed-text and search result Web pages. Library and owners can appear as value Lib  , Own  , if both the library and the owners require written permission. We observe a general trend showing that grasp quality is increased and variance reduced as the number of levels is increased. This is normal because the cache has a limited size and the temporal locality of the cache reduce its utility. In order to study whether those results are meaningful  , we pick the regular expression CPxxAI as an example and search sequence alignments where the pattern appears. II. The perplexity of tweet d is given by the exponential of the log likelihood normalized by the number of words in a tweet. We can compute the consistency between the distribution on topics of a user and a question to determine whether to recommend the question to the user. , http://searchmsn n.com/results.aspx ?q=machine+learning&form=QBHP. Each training iteration t starts with the random selection of one input pattern xt. In this section we further study the distribution of co-reference in Linked Data to set up an environment in which LHD-d is evaluated. We then feed this profile to our models and compare the suggestions to the actual ratings that the user provided using the Pearson productmoment correlation coefficient 3. We have illustrated that the same global minimum to the variational problem 3-5 can be retrieved using a dynamic programming approach. part of the scheduler to do multiple query optimization betwtcn the subqucries. We present a simple path planning method called RRT-Connect that combines Rapidly-exploring Random Trees RRTs 18 with a simple greedy heuristic that aggressively tries to connect two trees  , one from the initial configuration and the other from the goal. They can be modelled by a probability density function indicating the likelihood that an object is located at a certain position cf. Section 4 addresses optimization issues in this RAM lower bound context. We made similar observations when we applied DB- SCAN to the metabolome data: the computed clusters contained newborns with all sorts of class labels. This reduced breadth of access is further evidence for the goaldriven behaviour seen in search. However  , what should be clear is that given such cost-estimates  , one could optimize inductive queries by constructing all possible query plans and then selecting the best one. We consider automatic lexicon acquisition techniques to be a key issue for any sort of dictionary-based efforts in IR  , CLIR in particular . Assume a scoring function exists ϕ· exists that calculates the similarity between a query document q and a search result r. We then define a set of ranking formulas Ψϕ  , T  that assign scores to documents based on both the similarity score ϕ and the search result tree T produced through the recursive search. After subjects completed the initial query evaluation  , they were directed to a search engine results page SERP containing a list of ten search results. Two types of strategies have been proposed to handle recusive queries. After developing the complete path algebra  , we can apply standard query optimization techniques from the area of database systems see e.g. Table 6shows examples of queries transformed through both alternatives. Then  , the following relation exists between Currently disambiguation in Twenty-One can be pursued in four ways: Simple margin measures the uncertainty of an simple example x by its distance to the hyperplane w calculated as: In the framework of Support Vector Machine18  , three methods have been proposed to measure the uncertainty of simple data  , which are referred as simple margin  , MaxMin margin and ratio margin. Dynamic instrumentation is more effective at prioritizing leaks by volume on a particular execution. We call this version of the planner Progressive Variational Dynamic Programming PVDP. Unfortunately  , due to the exponential growth of the number of subspaces with respect to the dimension of the dataset  , the problem of outlying subspace detection is NPhard by nature. In our approach we represent the search for an expert as an absorbing random walk in a document-candidate graph. Though PLSA components of Table 6cover only 4% of the data  , they are quite interesting. Finally  , OPS examined the matching trees that emerged from the graph traversal to determine the matching subscriptions. In the three semantic relevance approaches 4  , 5  , and 6  , a cutoff value of 0.5 was used. Nonetheless  , the accuracy remains stable for a wide range of k 1 values  , indicating the insensitivity of the model with respect to the choice of k 1 values. Finally  , the Quality of Services QoS is combined with the proposed semantic method to produce a final score that reflects how semantically close the query is to available services. This means that This means that the descendants of v h share at least a node with the descendants of v k but they do not belong to the same subtree. In this section we describe experimental evaluation of the proposed approach  , which we refer to as hierarchical document vector HDV model. The simulation results manifest our method's strong robustness. Hence  , replacement selection creates only half as many runs as Quicksort . Intermediaries interact with information seekers to clarify their search context and attempt to understand what is important for the information seekers' information need; they then apply their knowledge of the available collections and search knowledge to form their strategic search plans  , and negotiate a set of search results with information seekers. Of special relevance to the fulfillment of the Semantic Web vision is automating KA from text and image resources. Unlike the approach presented in this paper  , PORE does not incorporate world knowledge  , which would be necessary for ontology building and extension. memory-based and model-based. The breadth-first search is begun simultaneously at all these locations. We also calculated the semantic similarity of a new tweet with the tweets that were already sent to the users to minimize redundancy. Nevertheless  , there are many remaining opportunities for further research. Another improvement is to use information contained in manual tests to further guide the search for fault-revealing inputs. As described above  , paths are generated by simultaneously minimizing path length and maximizing information content  , using dynamic programming 15 . In a pay-for-performance search market  , advertisers compete in online auctions by bidding on search terms for sponsored listings in affiliated search engines. A naive vector space model based on simple overlap supports both left and right monotonic union 4  and cannot lead to the retrieval of highly specific answers. Basically  , however  , the stability problem of the whole system is very important. A 980-node surface model is then computed by fitting a deformable surface as shown in Figure 12b. Pearson and Kendall-τ correlation are used to measure the correlation of a query subset vectorˆMΦvectorˆ vectorˆMΦ  , and corresponding vector M   , calculated using the full set of 249 queries. We plan to investigate these methods in future work. Now  , let us consider the evaluation of assertions which involve the use of the PATH-IS function. A majority of cache misses occur after traversing a suffix link to a new subtree and then examining each child of the new parent. In this paper  , we will discuss a technique which represents documents in terms of conceptual word-chains  , a method which admits both high quality similarity search and indexing techniques. However  , these hand-crafted descriptors are designed for general tasks to capture fixed visual patterns by pre-defined feature types and are not suitable for detecting some middle-level features that are shared and meaningful across two specific domains. To test the effectiveness of using appraisal words as the feature set  , we experimentally compare ARSA with a model that uses the classic bag-of-words method for feature selection   , where the feature vectors are computed using the relative frequencies of all the words appearing in the blog entries. Equivalently  , an expression is deterministic if the Glushkovconstruction translates it into a deterministic finite automaton rather than a non-deterministic one 15 . , Pearson correlation with true AP. where u  , i denote pairs of citing-cited papers with non-zero entries in C. In experiments  , we used stochastic gradient descent to minimize Eq. One solution is search engines like Google  , which make it easy to find papers by author  , title  , or keyword. The flow chart of the neural dynamic programming was shown in 4shows a case when the robot achieves square corners. For each of the questions  , only the top 50 documents were used. A CIM application has been prototyped on top of the system RF'F95. By considering assignments as production rules and translating the input specification into production rules  , we can obtain the following grammar approximating the output of the program. In cooperation with BookCrossing   , we mailed all eligible users via the community mailing system  , asking them to participate in our online study. Two fusion methods were tested: local headline search  , and cross rank similarity comparison approximating document overlap by measuring the similarity of documents across the source rankings to be merged. 3 Finally  , there are still rooms to improve the utilization of a probabilistic model for CLIR. It is the translator  , not the LSL interpreter  , which can easily view the entire boolean qualification so as to make such an optimization. The predictor pops the top structure off of the queue and tries to extend it using the substantiator. When existing access structures give only partial support for an operation  , then dynamic optimization must be done to use the structures wisely. In general  , the need for rank-aware query optimization and possible approaches to supporting it is discussed in 25. The Fourier coefficients are used as features for the classification. In the broker design  , we intent to create a discovery pattern that will be based on the well-known principle of the " separation of concerns " . As the problem of translation selection in CLIR is similar to this expansion task  , we can expect a similar effect with the decaying factor. In some review data sets  , external signals about sentiment polarities are directly available. Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. s k   , any subsegmentation si . Recursive data base queries expressed in datalog function-free Horn clause programs are most conveniently evaluated using the bottom-up or forward chaining evaluation method see  , e.g. Given a query with context  , the proposed model would return a response—which has the highest overall merged ranking score F. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema. This view is a demonstration of relational search 8  , where the idea is not to search for objects but associative relation chains between objects. The challenge of translation extraction lies in how to estimate the similarity between a query term and each extracted translation candidate solely based on the search-result pages. However  , we can use dynamic programming to reduce the double exponential complexity. and their calculation distinguishes the basic CF approaches. For example  , unit names as abbreviations are inflected in Finnish by appending a : and the inflection ending. In order to recognize those dirty text  , we employed regular expression techniques. The latter corresponds to placing a state-dependent conditions akin to Dijkstra guards on the servicing of PI operation 12 HRT-UML draws from the Ravenscar Profile the restrictions on the use of these invocation constraints. Analytic cost functions for hash-join. We conducted experiments with the following additional multi-class classification approaches see 21  for more information about the methods: 32 have shown superb performance in binary classification tasks. Here it is : This first proposition is a syntactically correct program  , but semantically it presents some difficulties : -I at the recursive call  , N is not modified rule I. The walker lays a softmax-like smoothing over the in-degrees of all target nodes e deg − s/10 ; it then chooses the next node according to given probability leading to a small stochastic effect. Knowledge discovery in databases initiates a new frontier for querying database knowledge  , cooperative query answering and semantic query optimization. On top of a standard annotation framework  , the Web Annotation Data Model WADM 6   , the qa vocabulary is defined. By writing multiple pages instead of only a single page each time as in repf I  , rep1 6 is able to sigtificantly reduce tbe number of disk seeks in replacement selection  , bringing the duration of its split phase much closer to that of quick. Model Parameters. Intuitively  , this can be done because these constraints and conditions are  , in a sense  , analogous to the relational selection operations. When an aspect is enabled  , the display of any program text matched by the pattern is highlighted with the aspect's corresponding color. The framework has three core components: an actor similarity module to compute actor similarity scores  , a document matching module to match user queries with indexed documents  , and a SNDocRank module to produce the final ranking by combining document relevance scores with actor similarity scores. The amount of components looked for with ICA  , NMF and PLSA methods was 200  , and the frequency threshold percentage for finding about 200 frequent sets was 10%. To convert a random forest into a DNF  , we first convert the space of predicates into a discrete space. , for rare terms  , the amount of least information is bounded by the number of inferences. However  , PLSA found most surprising components: components containing motifs that have strong dependencies. where ins represents a test instance and C denotes the context model. Users of search systems in the biomedical domain differ in their searching behavior depending on their prior familiarity with a search topic. In this way  , we can represent a DTD or Schema structure as a set of parallel trees  , which closely resemble DTD/Schema syntax  , with links connecting some leaves with some roots  , in a graph-like manner. The semantic association between the nodes is used to compute the edge weights query-independent while the relevance of a node to the query is used to define the node weight query- dependent. Approximately 40% of each cycle is spent in the water  , 50% in the air  , and 10% retracting from the water. We download the unique web pages of deleted questions in our experimental dataset and employ a regular expression to extract this information. If the structure exceeds w entries  , then CyCLaDEs removes the entry with the oldest timestamp. To establish if models such as a Zipf distribution can provide useful predictions  , in Section 4 we use metrics such as guesswork 13 and Shannon entropy. It has been observed that there is a similarity between search queries and anchor texts 13. The first task provides a set of expertdefined natural language questions of information needs also known as TS topics for retrieving sets of documents from a predefined collection that can best answer those questions. It partitions the data space into n clusters and selects a reference point Ki for each cluster Ci. In other words  , the similarity between bid phrases may help when pursuing a precision oriented ad search. A cutoff value of 0.5 was used for the three semantic relevance approaches. Can we predict community acceptance ? There are a number of possible criteria for the optimality of decoding  , the most widely used being Viterbi decoding. The second issue—semantic equivalence between atomic information units—is challenging because making such judgments requires taking into account context and fine-grained distinctions in meaning. The cross-validated correlation is the correlation between the model prediction and the leave-one-out predic- tions. Graph-Driven Search. Yan et al. The equations describing the cell can be written as To infer these two measures for a newly discovered web page  , we exploit the observed click and view counts of its referring pages which were previously shown in search results. For new previously unknown entities  , new instances are added to the semantic repository. All these techniques rely on similarity functions which only use information from the input string and the target entity it is supposed to match. The entropy-based LSH method is likely to probe previously visited buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method always visits new buckets. The matching degree is calculated in two parts. It comprises two sets of 50 questions over DBpedia   , annotated with SPARQL queries and answers. This is because the order by which each node-pair is to be joined is determined by the recursive depth-first sequence that consequently makes it difficult to globally modify any ordering of traversal. The Pattern Matching stream consists of three stages: Generation  , Document Prefetch and Matching. The nested loops join methods ar ? By incorporating 'anchor control' logic it is possible to operate some sub-sets of cascades in the unanchored mode  , sub-pattern matching mode  , variable precursor matching mode or a combination thereof. SOC-PMI Islam and Inkpen 2006 improved semantic similarity by taking into account co-occurrence in the context of words. performs a global translation  , rather than a recursive one as in the previous cases  , in which case the Decendents function returns the empty set. Insertions into a plastic cochlea model have produced similar insertion forces and allowed us to identify cases of tip folding during PEA insertion. The fitness matrix D will be used in the dynamic programming shown in Fig. by similarity to a single selected document. Decoding is the attempt to uncover the hidden part of the model  , and it can be used to align couples of sequences. When starting a search  , readers could select either a quick search  , an advanced search or a recommendation page as their point of departure. As in the previous case  , there is no correlation between the contribution measure and reader counts  , which is confirmed by Pearson r = 0.0444. We also compute the expected costs and payoffs if the developer examines the generated plausible SPR and Prophet patches in a random order. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR addresses the situation where the query that a user presents to an IR system  , is not in the same language as the corpus of documents being searched. The LossRole is played by a loss function that defines the penalty of miss-prediction  , e.g. The derivation is done by fitting 20 evenly spaced points  , each point being the number of total words versus the number of unique words seen in a collection. Thus users clicked on blue and were presented with predominantly blue images  , we believe that this meant that the users were evaluating the relevance of the return more on the colour than the semantic relevance. On the other hand  , some discovered topics do not have a clear relationship with the initial LIWC categories  , such as the abbreviations and acronyms in Discrepancy category. How do search behaviors of users change in a search session ? In the test stage  , we use 2000 random samples as queries and the rest samples as the database set to evaluate the retrieval performance. To guide the search  , we work backward from a unique final orientation toward a range of orientations of size 27r  , which corresponds to the full range of uncertainty in initial part orientation. The similarity is computed based on the ratings the items receive from users and measures such as Pearson correlation or vector similarity are used. , proportion of upper case characters that we tested are not good indicators of spam. The framework is very general and expressive  , and by choosing specific models and loss functions it is possible to recover many previously developed frameworks. To capture how likely item t is to be an instance of a semantic class  , we use features extracted from candidate lists. We case-fold in our experiments. As the experiment progresses from Fig. Shannon proposed to measure the amount of uncertainty or entropy in a distribution. To answer our research question " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " Progress towards this end  , both theoretical and experimental  , is described in this chapter. We randomly split the data into a training set 251 queries and an evaluation set 40 queries as follows: For example  , if we know that the label " 1.2.3.4 " presents the path " a/b/c/d "   , then it is quite straightforward to identify whether the element matches a path pattern e.g. " As an exception  , the Probabilistic Translation Model was evaluated on the same representation that was used by Xu et.al.19. The proliferation of information available on the web makes search a critical application. Our future work will include an extension to the the temporal summarization scheme to model temporally varying attributes and an investigation of alternative kernels and relational models. Each participant was assigned to search three queries in a block with one system followed by three queries with the other system. Usually  , interesting orders are on the join column of a future join  , the grouping attributes from the group by clause  , and the ordering attributes from the order by clause. These solutions  , and others  , such as considering CLIR as spell- correction 2  , will all work reasonably well if the two languages in question are linguistically historically related and possess many cognates. Safe Browsing and Search Quality each detect and flag hijacked websites . Since the model depends on the alignment at the document level  , in order to ensure the bilingual contexts instead of monolingual contexts  , it is intuitive to assume that larger window sizes will lead to better bilingual embeddings. An additional feature was added to the blended display and provided as an additional screen  , i.e. The third component is identification of documents for human relevance assessment. The arrangement enumeration tree is created as described above  , using the set of operands defined in Section 2 and it is traversed using either breadth-first or depth-first search. TL-PLSA seems particularly effective for multiclass text classification tasks with a large number of classes more than 100 and few documents per class. Using the notion of the context  , we can develop a probabilistic context-based retrieval model 2. Generally  , if f x is a multivariate normal density function with mean µ and variancecovariance matrix Σ. RaPiD7 has been developed and used in Nokia  , which can be referred to as being a large telecommunications company. In the procedure for converting an SDTD into an XVPA defined in Theorem 1  , we chose a deterministic finite state automaton Dm corresponding to every regular expression dm. This query is a variant of the query used earlier to measure the performance of a sequence scan. Given a task-oriented search task represented by query q  , we first retrieve a list of candidate tasks from the procedural knowledge base that mention the query q in either the summary or the explanation. However  , this extended method makes the problem of finding the optimal combination of DMP values even trickier and ultimately unmanageable for most human administrators. proposed the Incremental-DBSCAN in 2. In practice  , the proposed deep learning approach often needs to handle a huge amount of training examples in high dimensional feature spaces for the user view. As mentioned earlier  , every automatic error checking system has this weakness. Results are given for a 3D task and compared to the random search. , PrefixSpan 14 and SPAM 1 grow long patterns from short ones by constructing projected databases. Mapping. This strategy builds up sets " naively " for " interesting " arguments of the function. Our approtach to solve the regrasp problem is as follows: We generate and evaluate possible grasp classes of an object and its stable placements on a table; the regrasping problem is then solved by an evaluated breadth-first search in a space where we represent all compatible sequences of regrasp operations. Then the optimization target becomes F = arg max F ∈F lF  , where F is the set of all possible query facet sets that can be generated from L with the strict partitioning constraint. Some connectivity-based metrics  , such as Kleinberg's al- gorithm 8  , consider only remote links  , that is  , links between pages on different hosts. Figure  1shows the results. The next step  , they ranked the entity based on similarity of the candidate entities and the target entity. In this paper  , we address the problem of similarity search in large databases. A simplr I ,RU type strategy like strategy W  , ignoring the query semantics  , performs very badly. In particular  , a definite effect was observed for RTs typically less than for hierarchical traversal. Different from LSA and its variants  , our model learns a projection matrix  , which maps the term-vector of a document onto a lower-dimensional semantic space  , using a supervised learning method. Consider for example an interaction logic implemented as JSP bean or Javascript  , etc. In addition  , search cost is not proportional to dissimilarity . Through several recent independent evaluations 17  , 6  , it is now well accepted that a prefix tree-based data set representation typically outperforms both the horizontal and the vertical data set representations for support counting. , search queries and corresponding search results to users' mobile devices to enable a realtime search experience at a lower cost for the datacenter. Remolina and Kuipers 13  ,  151 present a formalization of the SSH framework as a non-monotonic logical theory. Once we had a dictionary in a suitable format  , we used it with our existing Dictionary-based Query Translation DQT routines to translate the query from English into the language of one of the four language-speciic CLIR subcollections no translation was needed for the English subcollection. Note that the time and memory complexity of this problem is proportional in the product N × M   , which becomes problematic for long pieces. However   , our solution  , D-Search can handle categorical distributions as well as numerical ones. Even this crawl was very time consuming  , especially when the crawler came across highly linked pages with thousands of in-and out-links e.g. This indicates that the coverage of the dictionary is still an important problem to be solved to improve the performance of CLIR. If a word has no embedding  , the word is considered as having no word semantic relatedness knowledge. Therefore  , sort-based plans need to allocate only one additional page for loading the currently " active " forwarded object whereas partition-based plans need to allocate more buffer for a partition containing forwards. There is no published empirical proof that the programming technique of systematic software reuse reduces program development time  , duration  , cost  , skill-requirements  , or defect-density on any practicalscale project &lo  , 11 ,211. proposed to solve this problem by using Fourier Transformation 14. Please note in all of the experiments  , PAMM-NTN was configured to direct optimize the evaluation measure of α-NDCG@20. To improve the XML query execution speed  , we extract the data of dblp/inproceedings  , and add two more elements: review and comments. However  , for BSBM dataset  , DFSS outperforms ITRMS for both scalability experiments see Figure 4c and Figure 5a. As indicated above  , there are basically two ways in which the search tree can be traversed We can use either a breadth first search and explicit subset tests Apriori or a depth first search and intersections of transaction lists Eclat. Cost of Search: What does an average search query cost and what does a response contain ? ever developed a LSHLocality Sensitive Hashing based method1  to perform calligraphic character recognition. This pattern is revealed tnost strongly by the mattix of retrieval weights  , which in all cases correctly relate documents to requests in agreement with our relevance assumptions. However   , for hash joins optimizing memory usage is likely to be more significant thau CPU load balancing in marry cases and must therefore be considered for dynamic load balaucii in multi-user mode. Enhanced semantic desktop search provides a search service similar to its web sibling. , we do not consider conditions on other attributes. The other sets of experiments are designed similar to the first set. Summarized  , despite the issue that many PDFs could not be converted  , the rule based heuristic we introduced in this paper  , delivers good results in extracting titles from scientific PDFs 77.9% accuracy. The idea behind learning is to find a scoring function that results in the most sensitive hypothesis test. The rationale is that those appraisal words  , such as " good" or " terrible"  , are more indicative of the review's sentiments than other words. The used features are Root Mean Square RMS computed on time domain; Pitch computed using Fast Fourier Transform frequency domain; Pitch computed using Haar Discrete Wavelet Transform timefrequency domain; Flux frequency domain; RollOff frequency domain; Centroid frequency domain; Zero-crossing rate ZCR time domain. , the one that was downloaded by the target users the most  , thereby indicating that our VSR model effectively targets the version of an app that maximizes its chances of being acquired by the target user. A standard dynamic programming induction can be employed to show that at Line 10  , the value of Aj *  is the maximum possible likelihood  , given the total order constraint. This step is combined with the computation of cuboids that are descendants of that cuboid. In short  , incoming depth maps are projected onto a polar grid on the ground and are fused with the integrated and transformed map from the previous frames. For example  , one instrumentation rule states " Measure the response time of all calls to JDBC " . After the candidate scene is selected by the priority-rating strategy  , its SIFT features are stored in a kd-tree and the best-bin-first strategy is used to search feature matches. A recursive function POSITION generalizing the OFFSET example is defined to give the 3- dimensional offset and orientation of the PART relative to the beginning of a hierarchy. For a normally distributed variable  , outliers are objects with Mahalanobis distance above a given threshold. Our position is that the declarations needed for regular expression types are too complex  , with little added practical value in terms of typing. It is of some interest that our " general " prediction model led to better performance improvement than out taskspecific models. Work on frameworks for providing cost information and on developing cost models for data sources is  , of course  , highly relevant. Dominance can be useful in specifying whether  , within a category based on user's profile  , the expensive items or the inexpensive items should dominate. A static search session is the search history of a real user in an interactive search system  , including the users' search queries  , click-through  , and other information. This result strongly indicates that we need to devise a new mechanism to " promote " new pages  , so that new pages have higher chance to be " discovered " by people and get the attention that they may deserve. Particularly useful for SozioNet  , eXist also offers query language extensions for index-based keyword searches  , queries on the proximity of terms  , or regular expression based search patterns. Consider the enormous state space  , and a likelihood function with rather narrow peaks. The resulting relevance model significantly outperforms all existing click models. There are two possibilities for such a general solution tech- nique. Afterwards  , another 100 queries are sent to the search service  , whose average response time is taken as the result.  published search reports can be used to learn to rank and provide significant retrieval improvements ? In Section 8  , we make a detailed comparison with our proposal. This way  , we find a cluster of a particular size that is composed solely from whiskers. In our case  , we utilize 3×3 block of each frame for ordinal signature extraction. Parsing the topic question into relevant entities was done using a set of hand crafted regular expressions. To answer " Factoid " and " List " questions  , we apply our answer extraction methods on NE-tagged passages or sentences. Hull & Grefenstette 10 demonstrated that the retrieval performance of queries produced using manual phrase translation was significantly better than that of queries produced by simple word-forword  dictionary-based translation. For each video clip  , FRAS representation can capture not only its inter-frame similarity information but also sequence context information. However  , it is not true because the likelihood function is represented as the product of the probabilities that the debugging history in respective incremental system testing can be realized. As to optimizing functions  , most of existing optimization techniques 6  , 7 treat functions simply as externally defined black boxes accompanying some semantic information. To answer this question  , we calculate the Shannon Entropy of each user from the distribution of categories across their sessions. A Chinese topic contains four parts: title  , description  , narrative and key words relevant to whole topic. The performance in comparison with Sort/Merge depends on the join selectivity. Ambiguous strings are handled at the same time. The distance between q and q' is the search resolution. Therefore  , the running time of IMRank is affordable. All of these sources of errors can trigger re-optimization because of a violation of the validity ranges.  The number of meaningful semantic path instances: We regard resources which have many meaningful semantic path instances directed to keywords as more relevant resources. 26 combined query content information and click-through information and applied a density-based method to cluster queries. Using the sample of EANs  , we then looked up the number of vendors that offer the products by entering the EAN in the search boxes on Amazon.de  , Google Shopping Germany  , and the German comparison shopping site preissuchmaschine.de 16 . Additionally  , spreading activation helped Ad- Search to beat Baidu as it further considers the latent similarity relationships between bid phrases. Instead of traversing the BVTT as a strictly depthfirst or breadth-first search JC98  , we use a priority queue to schedule which of the pending tests to perform next. Queries are posted to a reference search engine and the similarity between two queries is measured using the number of common URLs in the top 50 results list returned from the reference search engine. The following are 2 examples of such patterns for age and  , respectively  , ethnicity classification: We were able to determine the ethnicity of less than 0.1% users and to find the gender of 80%  , but with very low accuracy . Through utilizing such ranking function  , the recursive feature elimination procedure on the feature set provides more insights into the importance of each feature to the total revenue. This is captured by the regular expression guard shown at the top of the SndReq lifeline in Figure 1a. And while much progress has been made on the development of new and more capable mechanisms  , there has been only minimal progress at providing new paradigms for programming or instructing these mechanisms. In order to identify the list of instructions to re-evaluate  , a pattern matching is performed on the entire re-evaluation rules set. Figure 1 depicts the investigated scenario. , distance. Once one moves to the campaign level the number of terms starts to be large enough to support model fitting. McCarley 28 trained a statistical MT system from a parallel corpus  , applied it to perform QT and DT  , and showed that the combination of scores from QT and DT drastically improved either method alone. 2In the real-time walk of a legged robot  , a ground model should first be established during the previous gait period. The procedure of creating start-point list is illustrated in Fig. We now augment the sort merge outerjoin with compression shown in Figure 1 . 5.3. Comparing the obtained results between the three datasets  , we can notice that our approach in SYNC3 and LSHTC datasets achieves similar performance when reducing the percentage of shared classes. The general idea behind the approach is pattern matching. This method requires users to learn specific query language to input query " pattern " and also requires to predefine many patterns manually in advance. First we identify the N most similar users in the database. With the knowledge of this property  , we further consider that if the names of all ancestors of u can be derived from labelu alone  , then XML path pattern matching can be directly reduced to string matching . Time series similarity search under the Euclidean metric is heavily I/O bound  , however similarity search under DTW is also very demanding in terms of CPU time. To our knowledge  , no theoretically well founded framework for distributed retrieval is known so far that integrates acceptable non-heuristic solutions to the two problems. This overhead can be reduced by an approximate pairwise ranking that uses a best-first search strategy. We can use this fact to develop reasonable bounds for our estimate of . Our particular choice for sentiment modeling is the S-PLSA model 2   , which has been shown to be effective in sales performance prediction. To the best of our knowledge  , our work is the first to generally study selection bias to improve the effectiveness of learning-to-rank models. As we will show  , our method has better performance characteristics for retrieval and sketching under some common conditions. This shows that even if a high-quality MT system is available  , our approach can still lead to additional improvement. We use it as a baseline to compare the usefulness of the pre-search context and user search history. Dropout is used to prevent over-fitting. We also wondered whether users from one culture were more likely to choose popular tags. Multimodality is the capability of fusing and presenting heterogeneous data  , such as audio  , video and text  , from multiple information sources  , such as the Internet and TV. For example  , for the query " bank of america online banking "   , {banking  , 0.001} are all valid segmentations  , where brackets   are used to indicate segment boundaries and the number at the end is the probability of that particular segmentation. These components interact  , respectively  , with the MT services and with the domain-specific ontology deployed on the CLIR system. DBSCAN produced a group of 10 clusters from the log data with around 20% classified as 'noise' – points too far away from any of the produced clusters to be considered for inclusion and discarded from further analyses. While each of the above phases involve different tech-niques  , they are all inter-related. the reduction in the number of cache misses is much larger because of the partitioning and the relative overhead of making the partition is correspondingly much smaller. 2 that soft matching patterns outperform manually constructed hard matching patterns in both manual and automatic evaluations. Second  , we wanted to prevent over-fitting of the field defect prediction adjustment model i.e. Thus  , the proximity search looks for " movie " objects that are somehow associated to " Travolta " and/or " Cage " objects. , the number of relevant libraries in the result set: 1. While we might be able to justify the assumption that documents arrive randomly   , the n-grams extracted from those documents clearly violate this requirement. Here  , " Architecture " is an expression of the pattern-matching sublanguage. Such explicit reflective programming  , in which the system manipulates a dynamic representation of its own user interface  , is difficult to capture in a static query. For retrieving newspaper articles  , we used <DESCRIPTION> and a combination of <DESCRIPTION> and <NARRATIVE>  , extracted from all 42 topics in the NTCIR-3 CLIR collection. However  , our model uses it only to generate intermediate representation of input sentences for computing their similarity. The composition of the patterns  , the testing methodology  , and the results  , are detailed in Fernandes  , 2004. Moreover  , the list of ISs specified in the RC can be exploited by the CYCLADES search and browse services to improve their performance. Previous work up to now has maintained a text matching approach to this task. The teehnique's inspiration comes from the use of the regular expression for the paths in a program as a suitably interpreted A expression. For the brand related searches  , we identified the most salient brand associated with each advertisement and define a brand search either target or control as a search that includes the brand name. This means that we only need to check clusters whose keys have a Hamming distance in the range HQ  , P −k  , HQ  , P +k namely  , clusters Cj with Mean  , first and third quartile performance is given in Figure 6   , while Table 1 presents the performance averaged over all topics. A grid search defines a grid over the parameter space. Property 3 shows that the R M R N   , possesses an elegant recursive property with regard to its structure in a manner similar to the n-cube. Each topic has three versions  , Arabic  , English and French. Direct comparison to techniques based on language modeling would be more difficult to interpret because vector space and language modeling handle issues such as smoothing and DF differently. Now  , as our target in TREC is to find an " optimal " ranking function to sort documents in the collection  , individuals should represent tentative ranking functions. This paper presents a framework that combines the modeling of information retrieval on the documents associated with social annotations. We further leverage answers to a question to bridge the vocabulary gap between a review and a question. Traditional query optimization uses an enumerative search strategy which considers most of the points in the solution space  , but tries to reduce the solution space by applying heuristics. In other words  , an inherent characteristic of the design and use of microworlds is their dynamic nature. Multiple sequence alignment based on DP matching is extensively studied in the field of biological computing 111. Our work falls in the class of sequential indexing. , a class  , a variable  , an if-statement to describe patterns  , and prefer to use fragments of source code to describe actions. To investigate the robustness of this method  , we added the every type ofnoise to the integrated dataset of the three objects and examined rohustness of maps for categorization tasks under that various conditions. For now  , for the problem at hand  , we will illustrate how with CSN we can direct the ACM Digital Library to recognize the two separate occurrences of Rüger's as one with the Firstname action. It is clear that popularity of topics vary over time  , new topics emerge and some topics cease to exist. , using our procedme compared to Dijkstra  , is OS% p&Q. We use different state-of-the-art keyword-based probabilistic retrieval models such as the sequential dependence model  , a query likelihood model  , and relevance model query expansion . The work is motivated jointly by a need to have search logs available to researchers outside of large search companies and a need to instill trust in the users that provide search data. Shannon entropy in the past has been successfully used as a regularizing principle in optical image reconstruction problems. Empty string K is a valid regular expression. In 9  , separate GPs are used to model the value function and state-action space in dynamic programming problems. It is also a practice of mass collaboration at a world-wide scale that allows users to vote for ranking of search results and improve search performance. Although operators must still design a survey template  , they are freed from the responsibility of specifying a survey location. One of the great advantages of direct manipulation is that it places the task in the center of what users do. In this section we formulate the value of a particular ad as a dynamic programming problem and use this formulation to derive the optimal bidding strategy for a particular ad. It would be interesting to adopt deep learning in one or more of the tensor modes and assess its effectiveness on tensor completion. Generating this predicate from scratch is challenging. However  , this pQ normalization factor is useful if we want a meaningful interpretation of the scores as a relative change in the likelihood and if we want to be able to compare scores across different queries. The size of table productfeatureproduct is significantly bigger than the table product 280K rows vs 5M rows. Recent research has demonstrated the utility of modeling relational information for domains such as web analyt- ics 5  , marketing 8 and fraud detection 19. We define the following well-known similarity measures: the cosine similarity and Pearson correlation coefficient. 3  , 9  both consider a single optimization technique using one type of schema constraint. We refer to the ith phase of bitonic sort as the k-merge phase  , where k = 2 i and a k-sorted list is generated. Our approach to structured retrieval for QA works by encoding this linguistic and semantic content as annotations on text  , and by using a retrieval model that directly supports constraint-checking and ranking with respect to document structure and annotations in addition to keywords. We followed a third approach to recursive queries in designing Jasmine/C. Question mark applied to an atom  , e.g. Figure 3depicts an example of a finite automaton for both references to an article in a journal and a book. Our method does not require any labeled training data. where α is the weight that specifies a trade-off between focusing on minimization of the log-likelihood of document sequence and of the log-likelihood of word sequences we set α = 1 in the experiments  , b is the length of the training context for document sequences  , and c is the length of the training context for word sequences. If the first triple pattern in this list has only one join variable  , we pick this join variable as the root of the tree embedded on the graph Gjvar as described before. Section 3 describes human and robot emotion. Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. At every region knowledge wurces are act ivatad consecutively completing alternative query evaluation plans. This is  , retrieve a set A ⊆ D such that |A| = k and ∀u ∈ A  , v ∈ D − A  , distq  , u ≤ distq  , v. The trail  , i.e. It represents a very real although often informal set of software repositories for formal "release" levels  , commonly employed by larger software organizations. 10 proposed a machine learning based method to conduct extraction from research papers. tasks. As partial matches are computed   , the search also computes an upper-bound on the cost of matching the remaining portion of the query. , if πR=∅  , we know immediately that R=∅  , σR=∅  , and R ⋈ An important optimization technique is to avoid sorting of subcomponents which are removed afterwards due to duplicate elimination. Note that  , although we reformulate queries only for pattern search  , the structural similarity search produces results that are comparable with the results of well-formulated pattern queries. Since the main purpose of these experiments was to examine if the proposed approach can help conventional approaches for CLIR  , we simply used some basic techniques of query expansion and phrase translation in our experiments. We will give a brief summary of the random forest c1assifier. 16 for an excellent survey of this field. A recent logs-based comparison of search patterns across modalities examined the distribution and variability of tasks that users perform  , and suggested that search usage is much more focused for the average mobile user than for the average computer-based user 12. Despite this  , our model could be applied in alternative scenarios where the relevance of an object to a query can be evaluated. For instance  , the following is an answer pattern for the property profession: <Target> works as a <Property>. The similarity merge formula multiplies the sum of fusion component scores for a document by the number of fusion components that retrieved the document i.e. For i < j  , we can calculate its value with dynamic programming. EM addresses the problem of fitting a model to data in cases where the solution cannot be easily determined analytically. The input to our method is the search log interaction data gathered from consenting users of a toolbar deployed by a commercial search engine. Specifically  , leaving si untranslated could be a wise choice if its semantics could be recovered by pre-or post-translation expansion. But  , in the same picture  , there are switch-points occurring at 26% and 50% in the PARTSUPP selectivity range  , that result in a counter-intuitive non-monotonic cost behavior   , as shown in the corresponding cost diagram of Fig- ure 11b . The model is specified by a set of parameters  , including the estimate of the susceptible population  , and the transition probabilities between different states. In Section 4 we present the faster heuristic version of the planner PVDP. Similar to before  , users were asked to give a rating of the usefulness of each search result on a 5-point Likert scale. It is certainly true that nonparticipants might have more difficulties in interpreting their results based on the small size of the CLIR pool  , as Twenty-One points out. Finally  , we discuss the derived similarity search model based on these two adopted ideas. As mentioned before  , the information about the purpose of a website is usually located around the homepage since most publishers want to tell the user what a website is about  , before providing more specific information. All reviewers had the same experience. For participant 2  , Q-learning converged in 75% of the cases and required around 100 steps on average. For each blog entry b  , the sentiments towards a movie are summarized using a vector of the posterior probabilities of the hidden sentiment factors  , P z|b. To derive a lower bound on prediction quality  , we next present an approach for generating pseudo AP predictors  , whose prediction quality can be controlled. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first study to evaluate the impact of SSD on search engine cache management. This possibility can be particularly useful to retrieve poorly described pictures. For our dataset we used clicks collected during a three-month period in 2012. Figure 9shows an interesting inversed staircase pattern due to the reverse presentation order. One key question is how to determine the weights for kernel combination. In the original model  , the occurrence of the loop can then be replaced by a simple call to this recursive function instead . In particular  , if the user intends to perform CLIR  , then original query is even more likely to have its correspondent included in the target language query log. The nature of the CSIRO corpus allowed us to carry out genre identification into a small number of interesting categories people  , projects  , media releases  , publications  , biographies  , feature articles  , podcasts  , using some simple regular expression matches over URLs and document texts. Also we can avoid creating any edges to an existence-checking node. We will characterize solutions to the problem in terms of their susceptibility to privacy breaches by the types of adversaries described here. In contrast  , the Backward expanding strategy used in BANKS 3 can deal with the general model. As shown in Figure 4  , each type of feature is represented by an interface that extends the IFeature interface. However  , previous work showed that English- Chinese CLIR using simple dictionary translation yields a performance lower than 60% of the monolingual performance 14. Operation LaMa is the basis for interpreting regular expressions of descriptors. 14 is a non-trivial task because it needs to search over all possible ranking combinations . We then use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise user similarity information. One of the busiest Internet sites in Germany is a job search engine. The free-parameter values of each predictor's version doc  , type and doc ∧ type were learned separately. For what concerns the query-document model  , this is often referred to as language model approach and has been already applied for monolingual IR see the extensive review in 19 and CLIR 5. Also  , the correlation of frequencies of personal finance queries is very high all day  , indicating searchers are entering the same queries roughly the same relative amount of times  , this is clearly not true for music. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in Figure 4. , Given two topic names  , " query optimization " and " sort-merge join "   , the Prerequisite metalink instance " query optimization Pre sort-merge join  , with importance value 0.8 " states that " prerequisite to viewing  , learning  , etc. The learned function f maps each text-image pair to a ranking score based on their semantic relevance. More generally  , this research is motivated by the fact that  , relative to dictionaries and collection based strategies  , thesauri remain unexplored in the recent CLIR context. or "what is the most likely cause of the error ?" In this graph  , subsequent actions are connected  , and TransferReceive / TransferSend actions are additionally connected to each other's subsequent actions. Interestingly  , for the topic law and informatization/computerization 1719 we see that the Dutch translation of law is very closely related. The result is produced by performing an in-memory duplicate elimination on each of the derived buckets. The search function has several issues—the scroll bar shows pink markers where the results appear but there is no jump to hit. In addition  , both voted-PLSA and conc-PLSA perform at least as well as Fusion-LM. It is the length of the projection of one vector onto the other unit vector. The necessary probability values for sim Resnik and sim Lin have been calculated based on SAWSDL-TC  , i.e. ,and rdel  , the whole databases wereincrementally inserted and deleted  , although& = 0 for the 2D spatial database. The Memory-based approaches have two problem. Our new approach borrows the idea of iDistance and the corresponding B + -tree indexes. Marchionini proposed a boarder classification schema for search intents  , and introduced a concept of exploratory search 26. Additionally   , we test two decoding evaluation setups of search space rescoring and redecoding. Thus  , our hybrid auctions are flexible enough to allow the auctioneer and the advertiser to implement complex dynamic programming strategies collaboratively  , under a wide range of scenarios. Since we are evaluating on a dataset that falls under Scenario I  , and the strict monotonicity property was framed for just such a scenario  , it makes sense that of all penalty values  , γ = ∞ results in best performance. With similarity search  , a user can be able to retrieve  , for instance  , pictures of the tour Eiffel by using another picture of the tour Eiffel as a query  , even if the retrieved pictures were not correctly annotated by their owner. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependence between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. the optimal substructure in dynamic programming. The Self-Organizing Map generated a To compare two HPCP features  , we use the Optimal Transposition Index method OTI 15  , which ensures a higher robustness to musical variations  , such as tuning or timbre changing issues 15. With the use of AI techniques for semantic pattern matching  , it may be possible to build a relatively successful library manager. There are many longer and less frequent motifs in the components  , which makes components like 5 and 9 quite surprising. In both works  , the results demonstrated that the idea of using domain specific resources for CLIR is promising. On the other hand  , it assigns surprisingly low probability of " windy " to Texas. , learning to rank for Microblog retrieval and answer reranking for Question Answering. Last for RL4 they use the past queries and the clicked url titles to reform the current query  , search it in indri  , then calculate the similarity between current query and documents. Figure 5shows a partial search tree for our example constraint  , where the branches correspond to the three derivations in Figures  2  , 3  , and 4. A single search interface is provided to multiple heterogenous back-end search engines. For example  , a simple choice would be to define the start of each attribute that needs to be extracted by evaluating a regular expression on the HTML of the Yahoo! The BIRS interface to the logical level consists of a set of binary predicates  , each applying a specific vague predicate to a specific attribute of document nodes e.g. Yang et al. Evaluating local search is a challenging problem. This person needs to compare the descriptions of the contents of different databases in order to choose the appropriate ones. From Table 1  , we see that PLSA extracts reasonable topics . In this section we evaluate the performance of the DARQ query engine. , 2010. When k increases  , the optimal b becomes negative . Due to the characteristics of the organization  , in the case of NP  , the application of the humanistic change strategy seemed most adequate. , maintainability 16  , 111  , deformable objects 2  , 5  , HI  , and even computational Biology and Chemistry e.g. Conclusions and the contributions of this work are summarized in Section 6. For example  , Smeaton and Callan 29 describe the characteristics of personalization  , recommendation  , and social aspects in next generation digital libraries  , while 1  , 26 describe an implementation of personalized recommender services in the CYCLADES digital library environment. More details and limitations of this approach appear in the related work. Inclusion of rare translations in a CLIR application was shown to be problematic for all three methods  , however. The main strategy underlying SemDiff relies on a number of hypotheses we made on framework evolution. Of these  , the majority of subjects expected that clicking on a vertical tab would display a specific type of search result. Hooks are installed in both back-ends to generate a graphical presentation of the chosen query plans much like in Figure 3. For 2  , the reduction is from DISJOINT PATHS  , whose NP-completeness follows immediately from results in FHw801. 0 Identifying classes of recursions for which the time to compute a sample is a function of the sample size is an interesting open question. 20 showed how to compute general Dynamic Programming problem distributively. Table 4presents our experimental results  , as well as the four best methods according to their experiments   , i.e. This would be less expensive than the semantic approach. , two black-white images contain smiling and sad faces respectively. engines and are very short  , nonnegligible surfing may still be occurring without support from search engines. Thus  , whenever N i is located in the occupied region of a reading  , the likelihood of the reading is approximately the maximum. However  , it does not carry out semantic annotation of documents  , which is the problem addressed here. Note that PerfPlotter cannot guarantee that the worst-case paths will actually be explored due to the heuristics nature. Earlier authors have considered instead using hill-climbing approaches to adjust the parameters of a graph-walk 14. We start with the metafeatures shared by all models of this class and then take a closer look at the Deep Structured Semantic Model 20.  Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. 3 When the searcher could not find desired search results in a single pass  , he usually resorted to iterative search. Originally  , query containment was studied for optimization of relational queries 9  , 33 . The results show that we are able to identify a number of matches among products  , and the aggregated descriptions have at least six new attribute-value pairs in each case. Every sensor can be modelled differently with varying level of model complexity. Just as h ~ m a n fingers explore objects in non-random patterns , Instead of joins  , the optimiser must now enumerate G-Joins  , and must position G-Aggs  , G-Restricts  , Projects   , and Delta-Projects relative to the G-Jo&. Most search systems used in recent years have been relational database systems. Each  X is classified into two categories based on the maximum action values separately obtained by Q learning: the area where one of the learned behaviors is directly applicable  n o more learning area  , and the area where learning is necessary due t o the competition of multiple behaviors re-learning area. Users do not have to possess knowledge about the database semantics  , and the query optimieer takes this knowledge into account to generate Semantic query optimization is another form of automated programming. The query set for this experiment only contains 144 queries out of 147. The results show that our approach clearly outperforms both baseline approaches on all three categories. Some of the papers on query evaluation mentioned in section 4.2 consider this problem. Using dynamic programming the energy consumption from the initial position of the robot to any point on the grid can now be obtained. Their method was compared with five feature selection methods using two classifiers: K-nearest neighbour and support vector machine and it preformed the best for three microarray datasets. However simulating jumpr ,s this way would cost s moves rather than one – see below. Mobile manipulators may have difficulties for the stability in climbing up a hill  , maneuvering on unstructured terrain  , and fast manipulation. All the models are trained on the rest 6192 unannotated users with weak supervision  , and the experimental results are list in Table 8  , where we used sign-test for validating the improvement over the baselines. Pattern matching checks the attributes of events or variables. Groups experimenting with such approaches during this or former CLIR tracks include Eurospider  , IBM and the University of Montreal. continents in the world "   , " products of medimmune   , inc. " ;  INEX-LD: this query set covers different types of queries – named entity queries  , type queries  , relation queries  , and attribute queries e.g. " , the aforementioned Stack Reverse. However  , RML provides in addition an operator for transitive closure  , an operator for regular-expression matching   , and operators for comparison of relations  , but does not include functions. Algebraic specification approaches such as OBJ 6 and Larch 7 and input/output predicate approaches such as Hoare 10  , Alphard 29  , Dijkstra 3  , and Anna 15 represent some of the ways in which a system builder might describe the semantics of system objects. We demonstrated that our dependence model is applicable in the information retrieval system by 1 learning the linkage efficiently in an unsupervised manner; and 2 smoothing the model with different smoothing techniques. Typically  , all sub-expressions need to be optimized before the SQL query can be optimized. Question 4 presented a mimic search box and asked the subject to input an appropriate query into the search box to find documents relevant to the search intent presented in Question 3. Therefore  , in order to address the problem  , we replaced the undefined values with zeros and calculated the coefficients from this modified data set. The programming of robot control system if structured in this way  , may be made of different programming languages on each level. They identified two ways to personalize a search through query augmentation and search result ranking. The 11-point P-R curves are drawn in Figure 3. However  , even if we combine DP with hill-climbing  , the planning problem is not yet free from combinatorial explosion . Table 1lists the average precision across 11 recall points for both the homogeneous collections and the heterogeneous collections. Figure 1shows our discoveries related to the video game industry consisting of d = 4 activities  , namely  , the search volumes for " Xbox " x1  , " PS2  , PS3 " x2  , " Wii " x3  , and " Android " x4  , taken from Google  , 2 and spanning over a decade 2004-2014  , with weekly measurements. The transmission of the result of a search back to the delimiter word is a special problem called backward marking. Separate title  , subject  , and author search interfaces or advanced syntax may be provided to limit search to such bibliographic fields  , and is often utilized by the expert user whom desires fine-grained control of their search 2. This capability is crucial for many different data management tasks such as data modeling   , data integration  , query formulation  , query optimization  , and indexing. We used the reference linking API to analyze D-Lib articles. image search  , belong to the first type  , and provide a text box to allow users to type several textual keywords to indicate the search goal. job search or product search offered with a general-purpose search engine using a unified user interface. Hence  , in contrast with AquaLog  , which simply needs to retrieve all semantic resources which are based on a given ontology  , PowerAqua has to automatically identify the relevant semantic markup from a large and heterogeneous semantic web 2 . The need for optimizing methods in object bases has been motivated by GM88  , LD91. sort-merge joins are vulnerable to memory fluctuations due to their large memory requirements. A workaround this problem is to introduce a join of the tuple stream produced by the selection with a table of Oid's and cajole the optimizer to pick a merge sort join plan  , thereby forcing a sort on Oid. The consolidated stoppage points are subsequently clustered using a modified DBSCAN technique to get the identified truck stops. BASELINE is significantly more sensitive to the number of levels: increasing the number of levels could increase the search space for the expansion exponentially in the number of rules. NetPLSA regularizes PLSA with a harmonic regularizer based on a graph structure in the data. If an n-gram occurs more frequently in a search result than expected by random chance  , there may be a relationship between the n-gram and the search term. Tioga will optimize by coalescing queries when coalescing is advantageous. It determines the most appropriate action at all states according to an evaluation function. Generators hold a dct:description  , a sparql query :generator- Sparql and a link to a pattern :basedOnPattern. There is a need to investigate search problems on WoD. If we still can't connect both nodes to the same connected component of the roadmap  , then we declare failure. Our new approach focuses on the data  , the term-document matrix X  , ignoring query-speciic information at present. We return to the issue of vocabulary coverage later in the paper. The white space features:  At least four consecutive white space characters are found in data rows  , separating row headers from data  , and in titles that are centered. Particularly complex operations on software graphs are pattern matching and transitive closure computation. Unlike languages with static object schemas e.g. More specifically  , the problem is considered solved if high-quality training resources parallel text  , online dictionaries  , multi-lingual thesauri  , etc. Search VS. While CueFlik allows users to quickly find relevant search results and reuse rules for future searches it does not allow users to organise search results or to maintain old search results and carry out new searches  , unlike ViGOR. p i and sq i are the index of pattern and sequence respectively  , indicating from where the further matching starts. The proposed approach is evaluated on different publicly available outdoor and indoor datasets. In addition  , deep learning technologies can be implemented in further research. The left side shows one of the random split experiments from Table 6with a Pearson correlation of >0.6. The purpose of this circular region is to maintain an admissible heuristic despite having an underspecified search goal. , + and data e.g. DBSCAN parameters were set to match the expected point density of the bucket surface. L in the Vector Space Model  , whose relevance to some documents have been manually labeled. Related research unifies the browsing by tags and visual features for intuitive exploration of image databases5 . Preliminary experiments showed that increasing the number of features above 40 per code did not improve performance. Two annotators then assign each of these terms as relevant or not to UK- EU discussion and the relevant terms are used to search the wider random set to expand the topic specific set. The most time consuming step of the experimental design and fabrication of self-folding structures was the physical construction of the self-folding sheets. Some general rules for the handling of digitized and born-digital material can be derived from Table 1and its discussion  , showing that there is a variety of arrangements depending on ownership of the material and its copyright. Figure 5.1 shows that there was a big difference in accuracy between interest-based initial hub selection and random initial hub selection. Thus  , we replace it with a near-duplicates detection method. Combining all three resources seems to be a relatively safe choice: it improves significantly over the pLSA run on two out of the three topic sets  , and on the third topic set  , although the difference is not statistically significant with a Table 5 : Comparing LapPLSA and pLSA. In the right-hand side expression of an assignment  , every identifier must either be a relation variable and have been previously assigned a relation  , or it must be a string variable and have been previously assigned a string  , or it must be an attribute that is quantified or occurs free. In addition  , application programs are typically highly tuned in performance-critical applications e.g. Thus the robots would need to explicitly coordinate which policies they &e to evaluate  , and find a way to re-do evaluations that are interrupted by battery changes. To separate the effect of using a single iterator from the other effects of Bidirectional search  , we created a version of backward search which we call single iterator backward search or SI-backward search. Changing to the push model would likely require modifications to the notification mechanism. In this paper we present a randomized and hill-climbing technique which starts with an initial priority scheme and optimizes this by swapping two randomly chosen robots. For many single terms  , temporal significance is implied by their context i.e. , we care only about top 10 pairs  , because Φ has an exponential component  , any misranking of the top pairs will result in a bigger loss for N DCG 10 . Training users on how to construct queries can improve search behaviour 26. As will be shown  , the different formats offer different tradeoffs  , both during query optimization and query execution. Optimization of this query plan presents further difficulties. Thus  , treating a Web repository as an application of a text retrieval system will support the " document collection " view. This paper presents an approach to retrieval for Question Answering that directly supports indexing and retrieval on the kind of linguistic and semantic constraints that a QA system needs to determine relevance of a retrieved document to a particular natural language input question. To browse a collection of documents by similarity  , a user can use find-similar to jump from list to list of similar documents. , one that is more efficient and/or allows more more leeway during Plan Optimization . Our solution combines a data structure based on a partial lattice  , and memoization of intermediate solutions. This is why we call this model semi-supervised PLSA. Obtaining a random sample from an uncooperative search engine is a non-trivial task. Even though this bmte-force approach  , unlike the other work mentioned above  , guarantees optimality and completeness  , it k n o t practical for larger scale problems because of its computational complexity  , which is exponential in the number of moving droplets. , for language modeling 44 and collaborative ltering 55. queries in a search; the total number of documents or paragraphs saved at the end of the search; the number of documents or books viewed during a search; and  , the mean query length per search. The LDC assessors judged each document in the pools using binary relevant/not relevant assessments. Before rendering each frame with backlight scaling  , the rendering module also performs luminance compensation for every pixel of the frame. As recommended by 6  , we find hyperparameters that maximize the log likelihood of the data. Learning the values of the weights is achieved through maximisation of the conditional likelihood Equation 2 given labelled training data. Search engines conduct breadth first scans of the site  , generating many requests in short duration. 1Queries containing random strings  , such as telephone numbers — these queries do not yield coherent search results  , and so the latter cannot help classification around 5% of queries were of this kind. The document matching module is a typical term-based search engine. Consider now a database with numerous  , medium or large images where users can ask any type of queries i.e. , we randomly remove p% of edges in E Q i from the graph. Next  , the Groups property of the object is accessed depending on the value of Success. Semantic Accuracy: We observed an SP of 91.92 % for the OWL-S TC query dataset. In 15 a cross-language medical information retrieval system has been implemented by exploiting for translations   , a thesaurus enriched with medical information. One area for future work is to improve our retrieval model by incorporating contextual information for better term translation. , spatial-temporal data  , predefined schemas  , or fixed visual representation e.g. This problem can be formulated as finding longest common subsequence LCS. They also propose techniques for incorporating these alternative choices for cost based query optimization. We also plan to explore issues of post query optimization such as dynamic reconfiguration of execution plan at run time. This overhead is significant even though most of the index pages above the leaf level are cached in memory. More formally  , autocorrelation is defined with respect to a set of related instance pairs In section 6 experimental results are reported and in section 7 a conclusion is given. , the likelihood function  , with respect to the derivates of the errors in a control group  , as the model complexity is increased. The Semantic Gap problem was commented upon by the subjects of both studies. If A is a D × D matrix  , this problem corresponds to the work in 13; if A is a d × D matrix where d < D  , this problem corresponds to the work in 18. In order to establish replicative validity of a query model we need to determine whether the generated queries from the model are representative of the corresponding manual queries. outline preliminaries in Sect. For ex-ample  , all dyadic LOLEPOPs JOIN  , UNION  , etc. The inspection all* cation problem for this configuration has been solved using dynamic programming in Garcia-Diu 3. * in popular regular expression syntaxes. In order to get a better perspective of how well the Human Interest Model performs for different types of topics  , we manually divided the TREC 2005 topics into four broad categories of PER- SON  , ORGANIZATION  , THING and EVENT as listed in Table  3 . As documents belonging to each of these groups received by definition similar votes from the view-specific PLSA models  , the voting pattern representing each of these groups is called the cluster signature. Creating this distance metric is the focus of this paper. These efforts can be broadly divided in two categories: random-based 38  , 43 and search-based 56. Finally  , note that we have assumed here that the coordinates of the object vertices are available on There is a catch though: whereas in visualisation we usually view from single directions  , in simulation we are likely to want to keep track of distances between many pairs of objects lo . The Central Limit theorem states that the sum of n random variables converges to a normal distribution 17 . To start a search in Visual MeSH  , the user can select to lookup concepts from either MetaThesaurus or MEDLINE. Based on the assumption that users prefer those tweets related to the profile and popular in social media  , we consider social attributes as follow  ,  Then  , the semantic score and quality score are utilized to evaluate the relevance and quality of a tweet for a certain profile. Note that Pearson correlation  , the most accurate reported scheme on Eachmovie from Breese's survey  , achieves about a 9% improvement in MAE over non-personalized recommendations based on per-item average. Query trees present the same limitations as 15   , and are also not capable of expressing if/then/else expressions; sequences of expressions since we require that the result of the query always be an XML document; function applications; and arithmetic and set operations. The predominant way in industry is ROLAP since 1 it can be deployed on any of the widely-used relational databases  , 2 industry-relevant data such as from accounting and customer relationship management often resemble star schemas 17 and 3 research has focused on optimising ROLAP approaches 15. As described in 29  , this scheme enables a privacy-preserving cryptographic search for the key  , since it does not reveal the plaintext P to any entity that is involved in the cryptographic search. Termination plays a key role in ACL2  , as every defined function using the definitional principle must be shown to terminate before ACL2 will admit it. This regular expression is then applied on the sentences extracted by the search engine for 2 purposes: i. In this section we discuss the notion of k-anonymity in an intuitive manner and provide some reasons why it is nontrivial to check releasing views for k-anonymity violation. The accuracy for content-based or performance-based methods was calculated over all the queries. Figure 2a and A key component of the retrieval model is probabilistic translation from terms in a document to terms in a query. Our experiments show that query-log alone is often inadequate  , combining query-logs  , web tables and transitivity in a principled global optimization achieves the best performance. Finally  , during the retrieval time  , EuroVoc thesaurus is used to let the user visually extend the query and rerank the results in real-time. They analyzed a random subset of 20 ,000 queries from a single month of their approximately 1-million queries-per-week traffic. For example  , to find documentlangauge synonyms  , we computed: Because statistical wordto-word translation models were available for use in our CLIR experiments  , we elected to find candidate synonyms by looking for words in the same language that were linked by a common translation. TREC-8 marks the first occasion for CLARITECH to participate in the CLIR track. This shows that both the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the language modeling approach to retrieval are special cases of the risk minimization framework. Yet  , layering enables us to view the optimization problem for SPJ+Aggregation query engine as the problem of moving and replicating the partitioning and aggregation functions on top of SPJ query sub-trees. Therefore  , it seems appropriate to use Spearman's rank correlation coefficient 11 to measure the correlation between weighted citations and renewal stage. Determining the changes between two versions enables matching of their code elements. A key resource for many approaches to cross-language information retrieval CLIR is a bilingual dictionary bidict. They show that given the optimal values  , the Q-learning team can ultimately match or beat the performance of the Homogeneous team. Refer to 22 for a Java regular expression library. Assuming the metric is an accurate reflection of result quality for the given application  , our approach argues that optimizing the metric will guide the system towards desired results. In particular  , they account for the 12~second hike in page's response time  , from an average of 410 seconds in Figure 7to an average of 530 seconds here  , compared to the smaller 65-second increase in the case of split. Conversely  , in MT CLOSED  , the singleton i is not disregarded during the mining of subsequent closed itemsets. Table 1presents the results. If the precomputations would have to be run often  , we suggest not using the precomputations and instead running the Dijkstra search in AFTERGOAL with an unsorted array Section IV-B.1. For large objects  , it performs significantly better at higher false positive rates. We proposed a content hole search for community-type content. We do not allow a sort to increase or decrease its work space arbitrarily but restrict the size to be within a specified range. In this paper we model score distributions of text search engines using a novel approach. In other words  , query translation may cause deterioration of CLIR performance. After this threshold the mixed hyProximity is a better choice. Intuitively  , the sentence representation is computed by modeling word-level coherence. We then factorize this probability as follows: Now  , having theoretically grounded – in an ontological key 23 – the initial  , basic notions -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are objects of the continuous and differentiable function of the Universe -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are equally motivated to strive to become better and/or the best I would like to pass on to the problem of the search for information  , having first formulated what information is. First  , if the class label of the document is given  , denoted as y d   , we represent the document in the topic space as Applying MLE to graph model fitting  , however  , is very difficult. Recently  , Microsoft Academic Search released their paper URLs and by crawling the first 7.58 million  , we have collected 2.2 million documents 4 . However  , Backward expanding search may perform poorly w.r.t. The presence of a cycle  , as already pointed out in Section 4.3  , could block in an irreversible way the evolution of the objects in the database. This can be considered as 100 lockable objects in the LIB-system  , or alternatively  , these 100 objects can be regarded as the highly active part of the CB-system catalog data  , access path data  , . Then  , we will investigate on optimization by using in-memory storage for the hash tables  , in order to decrease the query runtimes. The search for product names starts with the generation of a set of candidate phrases. The implementation appeared to be outside the RDBMS  , however  , and there was not significant discussion of query optimization in this context. The first technique stores the records lazily in a B+-tree file organization clustered by the specified key  , and is based on external merge-sort. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first work to apply federated IR techniques in the context of entity search. All of the design and selection of the distance measures was done using hill-climbing on the development set  , and only after this exploration was We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. The result of our study suggests that the two major research issues in CLIR  , namely  , term ambiguity and phrase recognition and translation 3  , 4  , 10  , are also the main sources of problem in dictionary-based query translation techniques. The heterogeneous nature of the data and our approach to constructing semantic links between documents are what differentiate our work from traditional cluster-based retrieval. The model is based on PLSA  , and authorship  , published venues and citation relations have been included in it. and at singular points of codimension 1. provided vector U has components outside the column space of the Jacobian. In each hill climbing iteration  , we select the best grasp from N C l  until no improvement is achieved. In terms of CASE tools support  , we are testing a few mechanisms that allow generation of constraints for pattern verification as well as matching rules for pattern recovery given a UML design model. In the next section  , we describe query evaluation in INQUERY. We experimented with several learning schemes on our data and obtained the best results using a random forest classifier as implemented in Weka. This paper has proposed an approach to automatically translate unknown queries for CLIR using the dynamic Web as the corpus. Still  , these repositories need to keep evolving in order to avoid techniques over-fitting the body of artifacts available and to better represent the universe of artifacts. Variational EM alternates between updating the expectations of the variational distribution q and maximizing the probability of the parameters given the " observed " expected counts. For a given contour feature F and a circular window image CW  , the following method is used to determine whether C W contains an instance of F: First  , a parameter fitting technique based on moments is applied to determine the most accurate model contour F. of F type hypothetically existing in CW. The return type of a polymorphic recursive function that accepts any XML data is usually declared as xs:AnyType 10. While performing the decorrelation of NOT IN queries we assumed the availability of sort-merge anti-join. Therefore  , neural word embedding method such as 12  aims to predict context words by the given input word while at the same time  , learning a real-valued vector representation for each word. , 18  , 21. 6 For the BaiduQA dataset  , we train 100-dimensional word 20. For instance  , unless in expert mode  , options that require a regular expression to be entered are suppressed. To remain focused  , we use a single representative for each family of approaches: Random Forest 3-step for classification and Random Forests for ranking. As we hypothesized  , the rate parameter of the exponential in Eq. The system contains a superset of the documents used in the Legal track. A look at the Java-code indicates that Trang is related to but different from crx: it uses 2T-INF to construct an automaton  , eliminates cycles by merging all nodes in the same strongly connected component   , and then transforms the obtained DAG into a regular expression. 2 We also performed a preliminary tuning phase to properly set the number of samples s for accuracy evaluation; in particular  , for each method and dataset  , we chose s in such a way that there was no significant improvement in accuracy for any s > s.  turn. When looking at search result behaviour more broadly we see that what browsing does occur occurs within the first page of results. Thus  , our second measure is average interpolated precision at 0.10 recall. This implies that there is no need to introduce very sophisticated word probability models: word probabilities only influence the classification through the class prior The novel optimization plan-space includes a variety of correlated and decorrelated executions of each subquery  , using VOLCANO's common sub-expression detection to prevent a blow-up in optimization complexity. Our aspect model combines both collaborative and content information in model fitting. Random forest consistently outperforms all other classifiers for every data set  , achieving almost 96% accuracy for the S500 data. Based on the block-based index structure  , however  , the search execution is much more efficient. Second  , they provide more optimization opportunities. Although this will eliminate the need for a probe query  , the dynamic nature of the switch operator provides only dynamic statistics which makes further query optimization very difficult. We utilize the Clarke Tax mechanism that maximizes the social utility function by encouraging truthfulness among the individuals  , regardless of other individuals choices. , search on Yahoo ! Alternatively  , we also propose a method that optimizes the naive search when the feature descriptors are normalized. If you assume that the two samples are drawn from distributions with the same shape  , then it can be viewed as a comparison of the medians of the two samples. We explicitly declare the pattern type i.e. The search is breadth-first and proceeds by popping a node from the head of OPEN list and generating the set of child nodes for the constituent states steps 1-4. In the following sections we will provide details of LHD-d  , and evaluate it afterwards in the above environment. The examples of keyphrases extracted by SEERLAB system are shown in Table 1. The experimental results were achieved by indexing 1991 WSJ documents TREC disk 22 with Webtrieve using stemming and stopwords remotion. It is important to point out their connection since semantic query optimization has largely been ignored in view maintenance literature. Language modeling approaches apply query expansion to incorporate information from Figure 4summarizes the query performance for 4 queries of the LUBM. It breaks the task at hand into the following components: 1. a tensor construction stage of building user-item-tag correlation; 2. a tensor decomposition stage learning factors for each component mode; 3. a stage of tensor completion  , which computes the creativity value of tag pairs; and 4. a recommender stage that ranks the candidate items according to both precision and creative consideration . and from the numerical point of view  , it is often preferable to work with the log-likelihood function. We distributed GOV2 across four leaf search engines and used an aggregate engine to combine search results. , the low percentage of defective entities in the target project. This relationship is then visualized in a 2D or 3D-space. The impact of disambiguation for CLIR is debatable. These procedures can make non-uniform quantization of the state space. 'Push Sort in Join': Pushing Sort into a Join applies to single block join queries. We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. However  , this approach ends up being very inefficient due to the implementation of preg_match in PHP. A regular expression domain can infer a structure of $0-9 ,Parsing is easy because of consistent delimiter. Motivated by this  , we propose heuristics for fuzzy formula search based on partial formulae. Some questions contains more than one noun phrase  , we number these noun phrases according to their orders in the questions. 8shows a graph of an implemented actuator design function. Research on technical preservation issues is focused on two dominant strategies  , namely migration and emulation. Recently  , RNN approaches to word embedding for sentence modeling 5  , sequential click prediction 10 ket recommendation. In this section  , we first describe our experimental setting for predicting user participation in threads in Section 4.1. Query optimization is a major issue in federated database systems. In order to straighten the optimization  , the proposed A' search strategy is enhanced by the subsequently described ballooning com- ponent. Structurally recursive functions are a kind of the function classes to which we can apply the structural function inlining. propose a refinement of the approach presented in 11 for reachability formulae which combines state space reduction techniques and early evaluation of the regular expression in order to improve actual execution times when only a few variable parameters appear in the model. Surprisingly  , this simple rule based heuristic performs better than a Support Vector Machine based approach. The introduction of an ER schema for the database improves the optimization that can be performed on GraphLog queries for example  , by exploiting functional dependencies as suggested in 25  , This means that the engineer can concentrate on the correct formulation of the query and rely on automatic optimization techniques to make it execute efficiently. We applied a Self-Organizing Feature Map SOFM assuming that the maximum number of components of a visitor behavior vector is H = 6. In Archimedes 2 we currently have implemented three degrees of optimization: a full state-space search  , a search in a subspace of plans which use given subassemblies   , and a non-optimized " first feasible plan " method. Text is provided for convenience. In this way the searcher has to fetch a page after every search attempt to search for the next word. This uses a random search to cope with the high dimensionality of the control space. To evaluate the effectiveness of GENDERLENS  , we conducted a user study where 30 users 15 men and 15 women were asked to indicate their preference for one of the two gender-biased news columns. the catalog group taxonomy. The extractor is implemented as a module that can be linked into other information integration systems. The results with and without the pipelining optimization are shown in Figure 17. For our following considerations  , we restrict the projections to the class of axes-parallel projections   , which means that we are searching for meaningful combinations of dimensions attributes. stem search  , -phrase search and full word search on node texts  , equality and phonetic similarity on author names. Also relevant are the XSD inference systems 12  , 20  , 34 that  , as already mentioned  , rely on the same methods for learning regular expressions as DTD inference. In section 3  , we describe in detail the proposed method --improved lexicon-based query term translation  , and compare with the method using a machine translation MT system in CLIR. To measure how determining trust values may impact query execution times we use our tSPARQL query engine with a disabled trust value cache to execute the extended BSBM. 11. We discuss four such operators next: index-scan  , hash join  , sort-merge join  , and group-by with aggregation. Table 10 shows our best performance according to micro average F and SU. The attributes at each node of the search lattice are then ordered to be subsequences of this sort order. The provided navigational queries were submitted to the search site the same way they would be submitted in a realistic search scenario  , i.e. We observe that the future frequency of a request is more correlated with its past frequency if it is a frequent query  , and there is little correlation when a request only occurs a handful of times in the past. Paradoxically  , technical terms and names are not generally found in electronic translation dictionaries utilised by MT and CLIR systems. The rest of this paper is organized as follows: SectionFigure 1: Architecture of Chem X Seer Formula Search and Document Search ing functions. Therefore only results from the Random Forest experiments are reported  , specifying F1  , accuracy and the area under the ROC curve AUC. Secondly  , we examined the use of random walks on query graphs for formulating query history as search queries. Netflix Ratings: Within the Netflix dataset  , the results were not nearly as simple. We plan on investigating the use of different estimators in future work. Therefore  , the triple pattern matching operator must be placed in a plan before any of the following operators. Optimization approaches include branch-and-bound and dynamic programming methods e.g. While conceptually this is a very simple change  , it is somewhat more difficult in our setup as it would require us to open up and modify the TPIE merge sort. The combined query likelihood model with submodular function yields significantly better performance on the TV dataset for both ROUGE and TFIDF cosine similarity metrics. Intuitively  , the weakest assumption can be related to the notion of a weakest precondition as given by Dijkstra 12 . The proposed approach was found to be effective in extracting correct translations of unknown query terms contained in the NTCIR-2 title queries and real-world Web queries. We discussed a model of retrieval that bridges a gap between the classical probabilistic models of information retrieval  , and the emerging language modeling approaches. In the following  , we give some formulas in order to perform pattern matching between expressions and patterns. To achieve high search accuracy  , the LSH method needs to use multiple hash tables to produce a good candidate set. I are presented along with an exhaustive search  , in Figure 8and table 1. Relevance modeling 14 is a BRF approach to language modeling that uses the top ranked documents to construct a probabilistic model for performing the second retrieval. The equation of each 3D line is computed by fitting a vertical line to the selected model points. The set of common attributes is preconfigured as domain knowledge  , which is used in attribute matching as well. Basing our method on the output  , we will generate a sorted list of N numbers for the output file  , scattering these numbers in the input file as we go along. It consists of five key phases: the visual similarity graph construction phase Line 1  , the E-construction phase Line 2  , the decomposition phase Line 3  , the summary compression phase Line 4  , and the exemplar summary generation phase Lines 5-9. V. RELATED WORK Recent code-based techniques such as random testing 9  , dynamic symbolic execution 3  , or search-based testing 5 can achieve high code coverage  , yet suffer from problems of nonsensical tests and false failures. We want to find the θs that maximize the likelihood function: Let θ r j i be the " relevance coefficient " of the document at rank rji. We adopt the skip-gram approach to obtain our Word Embedding models. Approximate string matching 16 is an alternative to exact string matching  , where one textual pattern is matched to another while still allowing a number of errors. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: By referring to the feature map  , each particle can determine the relative orientation of features observable in its field of view as a function of bearing Clearly  , main memory graph implementations do not scale. Obviously there is a lot of overhead in carrying around intermediate XML fragments. A set regular path query Q ‚Ξ Ð R describes a relation between a single node and a set  , based on a regular expression R together with a quantifier Ξ. Next  , it disusses the benefits of SBMPC. For the LUBM dataset/queries the geometric mean stays approximately the same  , whilst the average execution time decreases. The high efficiency ensures an immediate response  , and thus the transfer deep learning approach with two modes can be adopted as a prototype model for real-time mobile applications  , such as photo tagging and event summarization on mobile devices. For each symptom e in our dataset  , we measure the posterior probability Pek that the event " CKD stage k " happens with the event at the same Score Ours Baseline Kendall's τ 0.810 0.659 Pearson correlation 0.447 -0.007 visit. For both search engines  , added delays under 500ms were not easily noticeable by participants not better than random prediction while added delays above 1000ms could be noticed with very high likelihood. The result is that the external sort is less vulnerable to memory shor- Iilges in the first step  , but becomes more vulnerable in the final step due IO the larger number of runs that are left until the final s~cp. In this section  , we show how to conclude the construction of M Imp by incorporating the assumption PAs into M Exp . Variants of such measures have also been considered for similarity search and classification 14. According to different independence assumptions  , we implement two variants of DRM. Using information extraction tools  , predefined classes of information like locations  , persons  , and dates are annotated with special tags. The query can be formed either by indicating an example data point or by specifying the shape of interest explicitly. The sp2b sparql performance benchmark 17  and the Berlin sparql Benchmark bsbm 3 both aim to test the sparql query engines of rdf triple stores. 6 directly with stochastic gradient descent. Challenges for domainspecific CLIR  , in particular the problem of distinguishing domainspecific meanings  , have been noted in 12. more likely to be a person or entity vs. medical domain documents more likely to be a chemical. Rules model intensional knowledge  , from which new probabilistic facts are derived. We developed a simple framework to make reward shaping socially acceptable for end users. 5 21. The C-SPARQL 1 extension enabled the registration of continuous SPARQL queries over RDF streams  , thus  , bridging data streams with knowledge bases and enabling stream reasoning. We find minimal correlation  , with a Pearson coefficient of 0.07. Instead  , we find that a double Pareto distribution can be fit to each user with a significant increase in overall likelihood. We select the best landmark for localization by minimizing the expected uncertainty in the robot localization. The template of a character is represented by a dot pattern on the 50*50 grid. Combinations of latent semantic models. It is much desired that an elastic matching of items can be used to accurately identify resales. MILOS indexes this tag with a special index to offer efficient similarity search. This method is well suited for real time tracking applications. The vertical axis is the location of passages in the book with page 1 at the top. To allow larger distances to increase backtracking capability and avoid the exponential explosion  , a maximum number of markings is allowed at each level. Based on the above consideration  , we apply example-based query phrase translation in our Chinese-English CLIR system  , and the experiments achieve good results. Its cost function minimizes the number of reversals. On exploring the columns individually in Table 1   , we notice that the color histogram alone gives a fairly low rank correlation ranging between 0.12 and 0.23 across the three datasets  , but texture  , and gradient features perform significantly better improving the performance ranges to 0.20 to 0.32 and 0.26 to 0.34 respectively. We compare the topical communities identified by PLSA and NetPLSA. The code ranges from simple implementations of arithmetic using unbounded integers  , to sorting arbitrary items with arbitrary orderings  , and includes classical code such as binary search using bounded integers. Higher entropy means a more uniform distribution across beer types  , i.e. The final model called BWE Skip-gram BWESG then relies on the monolingual variant of the skip-gram model trained on these shuffled pseudo-bilingual documents. 101have been applied to test the contribution of the new optimal search directions. The flow of the computation is illustrated in Fig.1. In the dynamic programming DP in Fig.1 part  , we define a discrete state space  , transition probability of the robot  , and immediate evaluation for its action. 6 can be estimated by maximizing the following data log-likelihood function  , ω and α in Eq. SP and SP* select a specification page using our scoring function in Section 3.2; SP selects a page from the top 30 results provided by Google search engine  , while SP* selects a page from 10 ,000 pages randomly selected from the local web repository . In this work  , we propose a deep learning approach with a SAE model for mining advisor-advisee relationships. In folding simulations  , similar structures between proteins could be indicative of a common folding pathway. The designator identifier in the module identifies the type of designators such as execution and call for the join points. The idea of considering both similarity and cost is motivated in Section 4.2.   , pagelinks.sql  , categorylinks.sql  , and redirect.sql  , which provide all the relevant data including the hyperlinks between articles  , categories of articles   , and the category system. An early approach applied dynamic programming to do early recognition of human gestures 16 . Semantic hashing 22 is proposed to address the similarity search problem within a high-dimensional feature space. This representation is finally translated into a binary image signature using random indexing for efficient retrieval. Concerning query optimization  , existing approaches  , such as predicate pushdown U1188 and pullup HS93  , He194  , early and late aggregation c.f. In this section  , we illustrate our string analyzer by examples. 10 reported an ontology-based information extraction system  , MultiFlora. Even if this point of view is not original  , neither for IR 1 nor for CLIR Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. We employ Random Forest classifier in Weka toolkit 2 with default parameter settings. A learning session consists in initializing the Q function randomly  , then performing several sequences of experiments and learning until a good result is achieved. For example  , pairs of brokers working at the same branch are more likely to share the same fraud status than randomly selected pairs of brokers. , the shared data item. To reiterate the key contributions of this work are: First  , we propose two new sequence representations for labeled rooted trees that are more concise and space-efficient when compared with other sequencing methods. ranging from the macroscopic level -paper foLding or gift wrapping -to the microscopic level -protein folding. If Model 3 constitutes a valid schema for this kind of a search situation  , we see that it should be applicable not only to the document retrieval problem but for other kinds of search and retrieval situations as well. When a user submits a query to the search engine  , the search engine returns the user some ranked documents as search results. In doing a search  , a user accomplishes a variety of specific tasks: defining the topic of the search  , selecting appropriate search vocabulary  , issuing commands or selecting menu choices  , viewing retrieved information and making judgments about its relevance or usefulness. As we discuss in Section 2  , though there have been some works in the past that can be adopted for query suggestion without using query logs  , but strictly speaking  , to the best of our knowledge  , this paper is the first to study the problem of query suggestions in the absence of query logs. As is well known  , the dynamic programming strategy plays an central role in efficient data mining for sequential and/or transaction patterns  , such as in Apriori-All 1  , 2  and Pre- fixSpan 10. Our dynamic programming approach for discretization referred to as Unification in the experimental results depends on two parameters  , α and β. As the local R 2 FP deals with the sparse features in the sub-region and the sparseness of features is a vital start point that inspires the proposed method  , it can be assumed that K opt can be affected by the sparsity of the feature maps  , which is determined by the target response of each hidden neuron ρ in the autoencoder. Since the page content information is used  , the page similarity based smoothing is better than constant based smoothing. This search necessity is a result of the attribute randomization phase encoding  where mapping of original attributes is many to one. for the query COOH  , COOH gets an exact match high score  , HOOC reverse match medium score  , and CHO2 parsed match low score. For example  , if we take a random set of words out of a book  , we are working in the space of all strings over a certain alphabet  , but in this particular case we are much more likely to encounter some strings  , like " the "   , than others  , like " xyzzy " . Once all chapter3 elements and figure elements are found  , those two element sets can be joined to produce all qualified chapter3-figure element pairs. By varying this estimated note length  , we check for patterns of equally spaced intervals between dominant onsets On. Each type in the schema has a handler  , analogous to a function  , which is composed of the basic instructions . Perhaps more surprising is the fact that a simple keyword search  , composed without prior knowledge of the collection  , almost always yields a more effective seed set than random selection  , whether for CAL  , SAL  , or SPL. By fitting data to parameterized models  , surface or boundary-based representations impose strong geometric assumptions on the sensor data. For optimization  , MXQuery only implements a dozen of essential query rewrite rules such as the elimination of redundant sorts and duplicate elimination. Since vague queries occur most often in interactive systems  , short response times are essential. l A split situation is in general the more expensive case because theparts of the cluster to be split actually have to be discovered. A larger user study has already been designed and is underway. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : The basic problem is then to limit combinatorial explosion while deducinc knowledge. However  , semantic similarity neither implies nor is implied by structural similarity. Therefore  , it is recommended to provide similarity search techniques that use generalized distance functions. We ran the experiments on a DEC Alpha 3000/400 workstation running UNIX. When the number of runs is large relative to available memory  , multiple merge steps may be needed. In addition  , the system must issue a confidence score ∈0  , 1000 ∈ Z where 1000 is very confident. An exhaustive search method that evaluates all the possible  i 0 values can require a total of r n combinations which is exponential with n and can require a large amount of calculation time. A classification tree is easier to understand for at least two reasons. The syntax errors we introduced can be located without understanding the execution of the program; they merely require some kind of pattern matching. For extracting appropriate key frames  , Q-Learning is applied in order to take away the frame with significant noises. RxQuAD achieves clearer improvements on the popularity baseline . They create their own collections by simply giving a MC that characterizes their information needs and do not provide any indication about which are the ISs that store these documents. These navigational features are then fed into a sequence of pattern matching steps. An important factor for topic segmentation is the performance of each component of the system. If there are still mul­ tiple connected components in the roadmap after this stage other techniques will be applied to try to connect different connected components see 2 for details. Ballesteros and Croft 1997 studied the effect of corpus-based query expansion on CLIR performance  , and found that expansion helped to counteract the negative effects of translation failures. An extended context-free grammar d is a set of rules that map each m ∈ M to a regular expression over M . Figure 3shows the accuracy on S500 data  , as the trees were grown in the random forest. The Dienst protocol provides two functions for querying a collection: Simple Search and Fielded Search. Table entries are set according to the scoring model of the search engine; thus  , At ,d is the score of document d for term t. Our second goal with this demo is to present some of our first experiments with query optimization in Galax. A third belief is that the freshness level considerably influences search Money paid to search engine Others ranking. This probably favoured the baseline queries. Dissallowing any function symbols such a recursive Horn clause will have the form Frequent substructures may provide insight into the behavior of the molecule  , or provide a direction for further investigation8. We compared SPARQL2NL with SPARTIQULATION on a random sample of 20 queries retrieved from the QALD-2 benchmark within a blind survey: We asked two SPARQL experts to evaluate the adequacy and fluency of the verbalizations achieved by the two approaches. This methods is called " Baseline " in Tables 1 and 2. This query is shown in Figure 7. Two retrieval runs were submitted: one consisting of the title and description sections only T+D and the other consisting of all three title  , description  , and narrative sections T+D+N. In practice  , parameter values are usually chosen using a grid search approach. This paper investigates the performance of support vector machine for Australian forex forecasting in terms of kernel type and sensitivity of free parameters selection. This may also indicate that on Instagram since the main content is image  , textual caption may not receive as much attention from the user. When we test this impression by calculating the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient  , however  , we obtain a positive point estimate  , but a very wide 95% confidence interval  , one that in fact overlaps with zero: r = 0.424 -0.022  , 0.730. Pfeifer et al 1996performed experiments for measuring retrieval effectiveness of various proper name search methods. The cost function minimized by the dynamic programming procedure represents the number of maneuvers. The one is climbing up the hill with 35 degrees of the slope and the other is the going down the hill. As a result  , we derive a similarity search function that supports Type-2 and 3 pattern similarities. We can see from the table that runs using random forest have better retrieval performance than others. The language mod¾ However  , the motivation to extend the original probabilistic model 28 with within-document term frequency and document length normalisation was probably based on empirical observations. In Chemoinformatics and the field of graph databases  , to search for a chemical molecule  , the most common and simple method is the substructure search 25  , which retrieves all molecules with the query substructures. The optimization on this query is performed twice. The other set of approaches is classified as loose coupling. Next  , we turn our attention to query optimization. If not  , what initial ranking corresponds to a better result ? However   , the existing approaches do not have a global goodness function to optimize  , and almost all of them have to require the knowledge of targeted number of intervals. Such methods are for example : Differential Dynamic Programming technique I  , or multiple shooting technique 2. Internal link checks are not yet implemented. One typical tree model has 10 layers and 16 terminal nodes. The power of textual patterns for question answering looks quite amazing and stimulating to us. Examples: VERS = 1: {Speed = {High  , Low}}; VERS = 1: {Kind = QuickSort}; After finding out the results of t evaluations  , each robot could then independently perform the calculation to determine the next policy  ?r and continue with the next iteration. A page was said to include an attribute-value pair only when a correspondence between the attribute and its value could be visually recognized as on the left side of Figure 1. However  , our main interest here is less in accurately modeling term occurrences in documents   , and more in the potential of pLSA for automatically identifying factors that may correspond to relevant concepts or topics. Attribute partitioning HAMM79 is another term for a transposed file scheme within a relational database  , As stated in BORA62  , such schemes are useful in statistical database systems because although the relations often contain many attributes  , usually only a few are referenced in any one query  , Additionally  , attribute partitioning is useful in compression schemes that depend on physical adjacency of identical values EGGEBO  , EGGEBl  , TURN79. Further  , using a single Figure 7: Macro P-R-F1-SU over confidence cutoffs bedding Embedding  , Single outperforms multiple embeddings representations Embedding  , POS  , indicating word embeddings implicitly capture the various parts of speech in their representation. Furthermore  , at the end of the indexing the individual fingerprint trees can be collected with sorting and merging operations  , as the longest possible path in each fingerprint tree is due to Lemma 2 the labels are strictly increasing but cannot grow over . Modifying and debugging BSD quicksort is nontrivial.  We design an efficient last-to-first allocating strategy to approximately estimate the ranking-based marginal influence spread of nodes for a given ranking  , further improving the efficiency of IMRank. On the other hand  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. Here  , we assume the camera trajectory is independent of the feature points. The latter problem is typically solved using learning to rank techniques. In order to avoid optimization of subexpressions for sort orders not of interest the bottom-up approach first optimizes the inner most query block producing a set of plans each corresponding to an interesting order. To optimize the objective function of the Rank-GeoFM  , we use the stochastic gradient descent method. Sample points for the search are collected through random movement. All the scores are significantly greater compared to the baseline NoDiv in Table 4. The model image shows the results of surfacing from range data. Dijkstra makes this observation in his famous letter on the GOTO statement  , Dijkstra 69 observing that computer programs are static entities and are thus easier for human minds to comprehend  , while program executions are dynamic and far harder to comprehend and reason about effectively. On the other side  , BMEcat does not explicitly discriminate types of features  , so features FEA- TURE  typically consist of FNAME  , FVALUE and  , optionally  , an FUNIT element. Operator  , Resource  , Property or Class and the optional :constraintPattern for a regular expression constraint on the parameter values. To quantify the correlation with established query level metrics  , we computed the Pearson correlation coefficient between DSAT correlation and: i average clickthrough rate  , ii average NDCG@1  , and iii average NDCG@3. This is equivalen t to the expression EnterPassword seq BadPassword. Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . While annotators must answer all questions before they can complete a policy annotation task  , they can jump between questions  , answer them in any order  , and edit their responses until they submit the task. In fact  , for some situations Figure 4 d to f  , DBSCAN and Single Link Agglomerative give slightly worse than random performance resulting in ARI values that are slightly below 0. As regards the learning component  , the extensive studies have been made. Inverse kinematics is an essential element in any robotic control system and a considerable research has gone in the last decades in identifying a robust and generic solution to this problem. However  , the LZ method shows a more intense correlation since our model has considered the conditional situations. Two approaches can be distinguished: 1. translation-based systems either translate queries into the document language or languages  , or they translate documents into the query language 2. Metrics. Otherwise   , we describe the properties in the regular expression format. Hence  , CLIR experiments were performed with different translations: i.e. Their characteristics are given by Table 2. The two planners presented in :section 3.1  , greedy search which planned ahead to the first scan in a path  , and the random walk which explored in a random fashion  , were tested in the simulation world described above. The unexpectedness of the most relevant results was also higher with the Linked Data-based measures. Each event expression consists of two clauses. designed regular expression types for strings in a functional language with a type system that could handle certain programming constructs with greater precision than had been done before 23. One aid is to intepret the axioms as defining a set of recursive functions. The focus of this paper is on machine learning-based CLIR approaches and on metrics to measure orthogonality between these systems. The free search was performed by search experts only librarians and professors. In addition  , under the two different diffusion models  , IMRank shows similar improvements on influence spread from the relative improvement angle. For both the intrinsic and the stacked models  , we use the Random Forest classifier provided by Weka  , set to use 100 trees  , and the default behavior for all other settings. We strip away all remaining SGML tags and replace Unicode entities by ASCII equivalents or representative strings. The goal of this scoring is to optimize the degree to which the asker and the answerer feel kinship and trust  , arising from their sense of connection and similarity  , and meet each other's expectations for conversational behavior in the interaction. The efficiency of the matching operation greatly depends on the size of the pattern 8  , so it is crucial to have queries of minimum size. In cases where the model " overshoots " the measured value  , the saved value will be negative. Once the pattern tree match has occurred we must have a logical method to access the matched nodes without having to reapply a pattern tree matching or navigate to them. Box 2 in Figure 4shows the result of the horizontal optimization. Consequently   , the DMP method cannot react to dynamic changes of the mix of transactions that constitute the current load. So it is almost never the case that an ad will contain all the features of the ad search query. In this paper  , we propose a new Word Embedding-based metric  , which we instantiate using 8 different Word Embedding models trained using different datasets and different parameters. A smooth relationship also holds between the moment arm estimated by the distance d and the torque that rotates the object around the grasping line. Additionally  , we could show that it is possible to precisely predict the action  , by using a Support Vector Machine. Then  , we can check whether the context-free language obtained by the analyzer is disjoint with this set. The latter finding suggests the necessity of combining bidirectional translation with synonymy knowledge. First  , they consider w d which consists of the lexical terms in document d. Second  , they posit t d which is the timestamp for d. With these definitions in place  , we may decompose the likelihood function: They approach the problem by considering two types of features for a given document. Assume that we are part-way through a search; the current nearest neighbour has similarity b. Not all common evaluation functions possess this property. Thus for both full generality and for tree outputting an explicitly maintained global stack is demanded. The age distribution among positively classified searchers is strikingly similar to the expected distribution  , particularly for the ages of 60s and 70s  , which are each within 1 percent of the expected rate. It can be easily seen that the queries for selections . A model that optimizes for the log-likelihood or perplexity score risks over-fitting the parameters to these noisy tweets. Denote these distances Of  , ..  , 0 ," for the robot position X . , to reduce the probability of deadlock and sometimes even sacrifice data consistency to avoid performance problems. shows Kendall's rank correlations with the NTCIR-3 CLIR Chinese data for all pairs of IR metrics considered in this study. To determine if this is a significant effect  , we correlate the first infection duration with reinfection . Haar wavelet transform has been used in many domains  , for example  , time series similarity search 11. We used the following parameters: BSBM 10M  , 10 LDF clients  , and RP S view = 4 and CON view = 9. Recall that  , here  , dynamic programming ie only an expensive heuristic. The successive samples evolve from a large population with many redundant data points to a small population with few redundant data points. As mentioned earlier  , the most successful technique has been to apply Viterbi-type search procedure  , and this is the strategy that OCELOT adopts. However  , we found it difficult in many cases with dynamic leak detection to identify the programming errors associated with dynamic leak warnings. Although there are sometimes theoretical differences in the expressive power of these languages  , these differences are rarely encountered in practice. For each URL in our train and test sets  , we provided a feature to fRank which was how many times it had been visited by a toolbar user. Section 5 concludes the paper. We start by fitting the OLS model of income on main effects only for each variable  , using indicator variable coding for the categorical variables. High deviation was argued to correlate with potentially reduced query drift  , and thus with improved effectiveness 46. We evaluated our system on the TREC-5/6 CLIR task  , using a corpus of 164 ,778 Chinese documents and titles of the 54 English topics as queries. We used sentence as window size to measure relevance of appearing concepts to the topic term. In contrast  , our double dynamic programming technique Section 2 can be directly applied to arbitrary unrooted  , undirected trees. The above likelihood function can then be maximized with respect to its parameters. We proposed a formal probabilistic model of Cross-Language Information Retrieval. Tweets and Profiles can be represented by word2vec knowledge base as follow , , they do not include query optimization overhead. The rewards associated to each executed action were computed based on the class assigned by the classifier: −1 for large errors  , −0.5 for small errors  , and +1 for correct actions. Λ is the vector of model parameters  , the second term is the regularization term to avoid over fitting  , which imposes a zero prior on all the parameter values. Given a semantic user query regarding the relevance of the extracted triples consisting of basic graph patterns and implemented as SPARQL query; a query expressed in natural language might be: " Retrieve all acquisitions of companies in the smartphone domain. " Presence of modes allows different templates to be chosen when the computation arrives on the same node.  We present an experimental evaluation  , demonstrating that our approach is a promising one. Identifying common sub-expressions is central to the problem of multiple query optimization. Our method of fuzzy text search could be used in any type of CLIR system irrespective of their underlying retrieval models. E.g. While this technique has its own advantages  , it does not produce efficient SQL queries for simple XML queries that contain the descendant axis // like the example in Section 2.1. The first string of the pattern i.e. In fact  , we considered  , also  , model N4 -matrix factorisation via stochastic gradient descent 11  , but it did not produce any significant improvement. In the data of all tweets  , a retweet can be recognized if it is a regular expression of the kind RT {user name}:{text}. Federated search is a well-explored problem in information retrieval research. In that sense  , we have presented a new framework for integrating external predicates into Datalog. It has already been shown that the Hamming distance between different documents will asymptotically approach their Euclidean distance in the original feature space with the increase of the hashing bits. Schema inference then reduces to learning regular expressions from a set of example strings 10  , 12  , 31. Our branch policy requires that  , whenever feasible   , each element must be less than the pivot when compared . As queries we assume single term queries  , which form the basis for more complex and combined queries in a typical Information Retrieval setting. The fully connected AE is a basic form of an autoencoder. The DTW distance between time series is the sum of distances of their corresponding elements. A selective search architecture reduces search costs by organizing a large corpus into topical index shards and searching only the most likely shards for each query. This effect can also be seen as a function of rank  , where friendships are assumed to be independent of their explicit distance. Each feature corresponds to a sequence of words and/or POS tags. The second and third query versions Q' A set of completing  , typing information is added  , so that the number of tags becomes higher. At the next generation  , a new exploration space that includes the actions that is succeeded in the previous generation is generated. 13; however  , since most users are interested in the top-ranking documents only  , additional work may be necessary in order to modify the query optimization step accordingly. Generic tree pattern matching with similar pattern description syntax is widely used in generic tree transformation systems such as OPTRAN 16  , TXL 5  , puma 11  , Gentle 18  , or TRAFOLA 13  , as well as in retargetable code generation  , such as IBURG 10. One major goal of us is to evaluate the effect of a probabilistic retrieval model on the legal domain. A summary of the results is reported in Table 1. Thus  , the crawler follows more links from relevant pages which are estimated by a binary classifier that uses keyword and regular expression matchings. The finegrained approach supports relocation for every programming language object. This pattern may be repeated any number of times. The tool compares extracted EUC models to our set of template EUC interaction patterns that represent valid  , common ways of capturing EUC models for a wide variety of domains. However  , because objects are organized into lineal formations  , the larger Eps is  , the larger void pad is. it works for any unordered data structure. To some extent  , we can consider the Web ngrams more similar to the document content than click logs and anchor text. Table 3summarizes the number of HTTPTraces included in each data set described above  , indicating a large-scale evaluation of the ARROW system. The Rover toolkit provides two major programming abstractions: relocatable dynamic objects RDOs  , and queued remote procedure call QRPC. They hence can be pushed to be executed in the navigation pattern matching stage for deriving variable bindings. DBSCAN requires as input global values for and M inP ts  , which are typically difficult to set  , and in many cases  , a global density level will not reveal the complete cluster structure in the data. , client-side JavaScript and server-side Java. The final feature vector representation of the onset signature is constructed as follows  , by attaching mean and max values to the histogram: That is  , our hierarchical histogram is constructed by applying our recursive function until it reaches the level l. In our experiments  , l = 3 gave us good results. Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels  , product classes  , properties  , value instances  , and top-level classes for each product ontology. The terms displayed on the screen have two links: a link to search for associable terms and a link to search for associable text. Furthermore  , the result set from navigation is more likely to suggest relevant possible query reformulation terms along the way  , so that users can refine their own search queries and 'jump' closer before resuming navigation. Finally  , Hammer only supports restricted forms of logically equivalent transformations because his knowledge reprsentation is not suitable for deductive use. On the other hand semantic types such as  , " disease and syndrome "   , "sign or symptoms"  , "body part" were assigned the highest possible weight  , as they would be very critical is determining the relevance of a biomedical article. The DSMS performs only one instance of an operation on a server node with fewer power  , CPU  , and storage constraints. The Search Service. Moreover  , our study sheds light on how to learn road segment importance from deep learning models. Every inconsistently judged duplicate can be seen as a random element within the set of relevance judgments  , and will have the same value as random data when used in evaluation. Each edge in the original crease structure is thus mapped to a new crease structure capable of folding into the desired angle. In this case  , we assume that user's preferences are composed of two components: the long-term preference which reflects the fairly stable interests of the users based on their online activities; and the temporal interests which represents the users' current immanent need/interests. This value can easily be computed by dynamic programming  , much like the Gittins index. The amount of pruning can be controlled by the user as a function of time allocated for query evaluation. The other 90% were used to learn the pLSA model while the held-out set was used to prevent overfitting  , namely using the strategy of early stopping. In case neither approach detects the Web answer in the corpus  , we simply browse through the paragraphs returned by the Indri IR system in the order of their relevance and select the first hit as the supporting document. Generalised search engines that seek to cover as much proportion of the web as possible usually implement a breadth-first BRFS or depth-first A. Rauber et al. RQ2 Does the LSTM configuration have better learning abilities than the RNN configuration ? Popular non-averagereward-based learning techniques such as Q learning are effective at the action level  , but not at the task level  , because they do not induce cooperation  , understood as the division of labor according to function and/or location. However  , it is intuitively clear that any search routine could converge faster if starting points are good solutions. In our work  , we use external resources in a different way: we are targeting better candidate generation and ranking by considering the actual answer entities rather than predicates used to extract them. Figure 5shows the interpolated precision scores for the top 20 retrieved page images using 1-word queries. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. In this way  , the adorned program mirrors the way the ARC-program was constructed from the corresponding GRE query  , except that bound variables are now propagated top-down rather than bottom-up. The joint document retrieval model combines keyword-based retrieval models with entity-based retrieval models. First of all  , their naive approach to combining multiple kernels simply treats each kernel equally  , which fails to fully explore the power of combining multiple diverse kernels in KLSH. ContextPMI and the Hybrid method generally achieve better accuracy and their deterioration in quality is slower compared with APMI and TempCorr . The MSN Search crawler discovers new pages using a roughly breadth-first exploration policy  , and uses various importance estimates to schedule recrawling of already-discovered pages. The proportion of search types are presented in Table 5. In this paper  , we propose a " deep learning-to-respond " framework for open-domain conversation systems. For all of our approaches  , the number of tensor slices z is set to 7. The conventional approach to query optimization is to pick a single efficient plan for a query  , based on statistical properties of the data along with other factors such as system conditions. A person can observe the existence and configuration of another persons body directly  , however all aspects of other people's minds must be inferred from observing their behaviour together with other information. In fact  , f describes quantitatively the goal of prioritization  , such as increasing An important feature of this is that the tf·idf scores are calculated only on the terms within the index  , so that anchortext terms are kept separate from terms in the document itself. The random determination of step size allows discontinuous jumps in the parameter interval  , and then golden section is used to control the search direction. , volume that is outside the ellipsoid  , which creates many false positives during search. Furthermore  , we describe a manner in which a content hole search can be performed using Wikipedia. The support vector machine then learns the hyperplane that separates the positive and negative training instances with the highest margin. The CM-PMI measure consists of three steps: search results retrieval  , contextual label extraction and contextual label matching. Path finding and sub-paths in breadth-first search 3. A meta search system sends a user's query to the back-end search engines  , combines the results and presents an integrated result-list to the user. The issue of CLIR has also been explored in the cultural heritage domain. use the same families of models for both MoIR and CLIR. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. This comprises the construction of optimized query execution plans for individual queries as well as multi-query optimization. Evaluation is carried out by showing anecdotal results. In STFT  , we consider frequency distribution over a short period of time. These video features include motion features e.g. The track contained two tasks  , a discussion search task and a search-for-experts task. While results are relatively stable with respect to γ  , we find that the performance of diversification with topic models is rather sensitive to the parameter K. In Section 6  , we will discuss the impact of K on the diversification results using our framework. Along non-heating portions  , the trace width was made as wide as possible under geometric constraints in order to minimize unwanted heating and deformation. Therefore  , a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search is used to optimize mean average precision by starting at the full independence parameter setting λT = 1  , λO = λU = 0. For computing the distance between two feature vectors  , a vast amount of distance functions is available 9 . For instance  , SAGE 28  uses a generational-search strategy in combination with simple heuristics  , such as flip count limits and constraint subsumption. The most concept-consistent searchers behaved like Fidel's 1984Fidel's    , 1990 conceptualist searchers and usually selected a search strategy where they planned to start their search with fewer search concepts than other searchers. 6 and Tan 7  studied an application of singleagent Q-learning to multiagent tasks without taking into account the opponents' strategies. This variant of hash join therefore resembles nested loop and sort-merge join in preserving orderings of outer relations. Otherwise  , the attributes in the non-stale set are selected as being influential on the score. , SAE seem to not have any detrimental effect. This heuristic only searches over the 2D grid map of the base layer with obstacles inflated by the base inner circle. Clearly  , the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method using our weighting scheme referred as 'PCC+' outperforms the other three methods in all configurations. We believe this is because our system is unique among participants in that it is a combination of two different models. For these experiments  , we have used the standard parameters for both matchers  , in order to keep it clearer. STON89 describes how the XPRS project plans on utilizing parallelism in a shared-memory database machine. Moreover  , we think that the fact that companies such as Microsoft and Oracle have recently added data mining extensions to their relational database management systems underscores their importance  , and calls for a similar solution for RDF stores and SPARQL respectively. Similar to the works described in this paper  , a Self-Organizing Map is used to cluster the resulting feature vectors. The problem of mining graph-structured data has received considerable attention in recent years  , as it has applications in such diverse areas as biology  , the life sciences  , the World Wide Web  , or social sciences. There was a strong positive correlation between the termconsistency and the proportion of descriptors among search terms rs = 0.598; p = 0.0009. The similarity matrix is M M M ∈ R 100×100   , which adds another 10k parameters to the model. In our baseline system  , we currently support descriptor-based global similarity search in time series  , based on the notion of geometric similarity of respective curves. The Pearson correlation between Soft Cardinality scores and coreness annotations was 0.71. The services provided by WiSS include sequential files  , byte-stream files as in UNIX  , B+ tree indices  , long data items  , an external sort utility  , and a scan mechanism. The coefficient of determination R 2 measures how well future outcomes are likely to be predicted by the statistical models. This search task simulates the information re-finding search intent. Following is a list of the keywords and keyphrases to be used in the mechanized search. Possible choices for s ij are the absolute value of the Pearson correlation coefficient  , or an inverse of the squared error. The idea is to model  , both the structure of the database and the query a pattern on structure  , as trees  , to find an embedding of the pattern into the database which respects the hierarchical relationships between nodes of the pattern. In order to link catalog groups and products  , BMEcat maps group identifiers with product identifiers using PROD- UCT TO CATALOGGROUP MAP. We pick the Starburst query optimizer PHH92 and mention how and where our transformations can be used. We employ a random forest classifier as the discriminative model and use its natural ability to cluster similar data points at the leaf nodes for the retrieval task. The arrangement of query modification expressions can be optimized. Each search result can be a new query for chain search to provide related content. Within the SEM Model  , it also provides a function similar to an execution stack in a block-structured language  , where the current context is saved upon recursive invocations further planning and restored upon the successful translation and verification of certain artifacts following a promotion. We seek to promote supported search engine switching operations where users are encouraged to temporarily switch to a different search engine for a query on which it can provide better results than their default search engine. Nevertheless  , binary search has the benefit that no additional space beyond a is needed to perform a search. We used Random Indexing 6  to build distributional semantic representations i.e. The main advantages of DBSCAN are that it does not require the number of desired clusters as an input  , and it explicitly identifies outliers. To compute the Pearson correlation we need to compute the variances and the covariance ofˆMΦofˆ ofˆMΦ and M . Figure 3billustrates the similarity achieved as a function of the number of attempts for the above query set 9 variables and dataset density 0.5 combination. We refer to this approach as Sampled Expected Utility. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: in the next Section we introduce the related work  , before going on to describe the unique features of web image search user interfaces in Section 3. We view the CCR problem as a 3-class classification problem by combining garbage and neutral as a single non-useful class. Figure 4shows the user interface of our search engine. At run time  , the two clients will require SocketPermissions to resolve the names and connect to ports 80 of hosts ibm.com and vt.edu  , respectively. B: number of blogs  , N : number of posts  , L: number of citations  , r: Pearson correlation coefficient between number of in-and out-links of nodes. We consider the CS we described in this paper as a first prototype of a more general " mediator infrastructure service " that can be used by the other DL services to efficiently and effectively implement a dynamic set of virtual libraries that match the user expectations upon the concrete heterogeneous information sources and services. Since the type is recursive   , Build Surrogate Fn is invoked instead of Horizontal Optimization lines 23-26. , R-trees. That will establish a lower bound on the performance of our system if it had direct access to the linguistic knowledge in the MT system. To address the above issues  , we present a novel transfer deep learning approach with ontology priors to tag personal photos. Descriptor approaches usually are robust  , amenable to database indexing  , and simple to implement. For similarity search  , the sketch distances are directly used. Because the queries of " broad " interest-based initial hub selection  , "narrow" categories interest-based initial hub selection  , "broad" categories random initial hub selection  , "narrow" categories random initial hub selection  , "broad" categories As shown in Figure 5.2  , initial hub selection without user modeling content/performance-based underperformed that with user modeling interest-based due to the inability to identify uncharacteristic queries not related to search history. The highways themselves are defined to be paths over section M@!LEtWltidythe~~behiaddrekeywordoSiS a regular expression &fining a path type which in turn describesasetofpathsofthedambasegraph. Pathtypes alemaeintereshingwheadiff~ttofedgesoccluin agraph. Wewillseeexamplesandamoreprecisedefinition below. The basic Skip-gram model we adopt here is introduced by 7 to learn word embedding from text corpus. Folding intermediates have been an active research area over the last few years. To preserve violations of specifications regarding paths in the execution state space  , including liveness properties and precedence properties  , additional conditions must be imposed on the mapping. A search session within the same query is called a search session  , denoted by s. Clicks on sponsored ads and other web elements are not considered in one search session. And the most common similarity measure used is the Pearson correlation coefficient So far  , several different similarity measures have been used  , such as Pearson correlation  , Spearman correlation  , and vector similarity. 4 to be 0.0019 and the optimum path of states for this observation sequence is {FD  , WQ  , WQ  , CS  , FD  , FD  , FD} with probability 1.59exp-5. We create an embedding feature for each attribute using these word vectors as follows. A possible reason is that many of the interclass invocations are associated with APIs whose parameters are often named more carefully.   , s ,} The problem of parametric query optimization is to find the parametric optimal set of plans and the region of optimality for each parametric optimal plan. The initial interface layout was based on proposed scenarios 2. " Consequently  , one would expect dynamic programming to always produce better query plans for a given tree shape. , 2  , 4  , 12  , 14 . The techniques of unanchored mode operation  , sub-pattern matching   , 'don't care' symbols  , variable precursor position anchoring and selective anchoring as described for a single cascade can be extended to this twodimensional pattern matching device. We compared ECOWEB-FIT with the standard LV model. In this section  , we try to make use of the translated corpus to enhance MLSRec-I. There is a wide  , possibly infinite range of text features that can be designed to estimate the relevance of a candidate answer for the purpose of answer ranking. Increased availabMy of on-line text in languages other than English and increased multi-national collaboration have motivated research in cross-language information retrieval CLIR -the development of systems to perform retrieval across languages. One advantage of the proposed method is that it can extract relevant translations to benefit CLIR. Our CLIR method uses an off-the-shelf IR system for indexing and retrieving the documents. We now consider the following problem: Given an SDTD d  , m0  , which open tags are pre-order typed in every document defined by d  , m0 ? PSub pp 0 denotes the probability that the recognizer substitutes a phoneme p with p 0 . Given two ranked lists of items  , the Spearman correlation coefficient 11 is defined as the Pearson correlation coefficient between the ranks i.e. Since the output of merge join is pre-sorted in addition to being pre-partitioned on the city  , the grouping operator uses a sort-grouping strategy. The full version with all similarity criteria was preferred and the visual-only mode was seen as ineffective. 4first out queue called Q in Fig. Link clause expressions are boolean combinations of link clauses  , where each link clause is semantically a boolean condition on two columns and is specified using either a a native method; b a user-defined function UDF; or c a previously defined linkspec. 1: the user submits an initial query  , which can be addressed either to a traditional exploratory search system or to a human search system. Jordan and Rumelhart proposed a composite learning system as shown in Unfortunately   , the relationship between the actions and the outcomes is unknown Q priori  , that is  , we don't know the mathematical function that represents the envi- ronment. The Bernoulli parameter pr ,u in our model  , however  , is specific to a rank r and a user u  , thus leaving more flexibility for setting different hypothesized values for simulation or fitting empirical parameters from log data. To avoid returning unmanageably large result sets  , the zetoc search response is a list of a fixed number 16 showed that a distributed search can outperform a centralized search under certain conditions. Matching is meant here as deciding whether either a given ontology or its part is compliant matches with a given pattern. These paths are then synthesized using a global search technique in the second phase. , 2010  , by means of the Wavelet Transform  , obtains the audio signal in the time-frequency domain. Similarity measures that are based on search result similarity 8 are not necessarily correlated with reformulation likelihood. Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. 2 reports the enhancement on CLIR by post-translation expansion. The mean decrease Gini score associated by a random forest to a feature is an indicator of how much this feature helps to separate documents from different classes in the trees. Therefore  , these desktop tools are starting to reach a much larger user base. For example  , a grammar " Figure 1explains the procedures to determine the expected answer type of an input question. Next we examined transitive retrieval to gauge its impact on notranslation CLIR. The support for internal search was addressed by utilizing a domain specific vocabulary on different levels of the employed search mechanisms. Item 3 in Definition 1 is meant to address dynamic dispatching in object-oriented programming. Afterwards  , the location of eye can be measured by detecting a agreement part with the paltern matching model in the eye image input. The steps include: In this respect  , blog feed search bears some similarity to resource ranking in federated search. Consider  , for example  , the function  , f  , given in Figure 1. , operating with only one language instead of two  , which results in a unified WE-based framework for monolingual and cross-lingual IR. The main difficulty of this approach is feature skew  , where the template slowly stops tracking the feature of interest and creeps onto another feature. The mapping of product classes and features is shown in Table 3. 1 Suppose the following conditions hold for the example: One was to request random pages from the search engine  , and to keep looking at random pages until one struck their fancy. This is a database querying facility  , with regular expression search on titles  , comments and URLs. We find this measure is highly correlated with the party slant measurement with Pearson correlation r = 0.958 and p < 10 −5 . To appl9 machine learning to this problem  , we need a large collection of gistcd web pages for training. Additionally  , ultrasonic diagnosis images were obtained for which pattern matching was performed to measure the virtual target position. Subsequently  , Colde and Graefe 8 proposed a new query optimization model which constructs dynamic plans at compile-time and delays some of the query optimization until run-time. The use of the succ-tup and succ-val* primitives defines a traversal of the DBGraph following a breadth-first search EFS strategy Sedg84  , as follows : The transitive closure operation is performed by simply traversing links  , Furthermore testing the termination condition is greatly simplified by marking. In other words  , despite the fact that clicked and viewed pages in the downloaded page set constitute a small fraction of this set  , these pages are promising sources for discovering new pages frontier with high search impact. The result is the definition of a new similarity measure based on three characteristics derived from the visitor sessions: the sequence of visited pages  , their content and the time spent in each one of them. Another popular learning method  , known as sarsa  I I  , is less aggressive than Q-learning. Indeed  , in all experiments performed on our document collection  , the usage sole or combined of the two described ontologies outperformed our baseline. First  , among others  , Gini et al. Thus  , the topics of recent references are likely to be better indicators than the topics of references that were published farther in the past. The partial derivates of the scoring function  , with respect to λ and μ  , are computed as follows: Note that we rank according to the log query likelihood in order to simplify the mathematical derivations. The salient feature in timeld-automata formalism that is clocks enable us to refine the models and hence enhance our ability to address additional issues such as optimal solutions with respect to time or steps for a coordination problem involving different robots with different dynamic behaviours. File services in Gamma are based on the Wisconsin Storage System WiSS CHOUSS . The most straightforward approach to deal with memory shortages that occur during the merge phase of an external sort is for the DBMS to suspend the external sort altogether. The TREC 2011 topic set seems the most difficult one. Merobase is also accompanied by an Eclipse plug-in called CodeConjurer  that makes the search functionality available within the widely used Eclipse development environment 4. In 1  , the authors recommend citations to users based on the similarity between a candidate publication's in-link citation contexts and a user's input texts. For each leaf node  , there is a unique assigned path from the root which is encoded using binary digits. Next  , each model's location is estimated. From these  , URLs were extracted using a simple regular expression . We develop a Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD based optimization procedure to learn the context-aware latent representations by jointly estimating context related parameters and users' and items' latent factors. Since a given table The basic search technique is a form of heuristic search with the state of the search recorded in a task agenda. Then 0 is determined from the mean value function. The first assumption in 12 requires that Equipped with the proposed models  , companies will be able to better harness the predictive power of blogs and conduct businesses in a more effective way. Person.name. Figure 1depicts the architecture of our semantic search approach. Our scope of machine learning is limited to the fitting of parameter values in previously prescribed models  , using prescribed model-fitting procedures. In this case  , as the second approach  , we should define a more generic structurally recursive function. Unstructured PLSA and Structured PLSA  , are good at picking up a small number of the most significant aspects when K is small. , an implicit topic representation. , " Who is the mayor of Berlin ? " All these benefits are derived from the intensive use of generative pro- gramming. Variations to the idea of providing a visual space with objects corresponding to sound files have been proposed in 12 where a heuristic variation of multi-dimensional scaling FastMap is used to map sound objects into an Euclidean space preserving their similarities and in 13 where a growing self-organizing map is used to preserve sound similarities calculated using psychoacoustic measures in order to visualize music collections as a set of islands on a map. These search based methods work only for low-dimensional systems because their time/space complexity is exponential in the dimension of the explored set. When operating in multilingual settings  , it is highly desirable to learn embeddings for words denoting similar concepts that are very close in the shared inter-lingual embedding space e.g. As hcforc  , the result site is taken to he the join site l.or these tests. From another perspective  , searching a gigabyte of feature data lasts only around one second. q~.0 ,~.l ,. by using dynamic programming. Say that an announced event that matches el is received . The above formula is obtained by just assuming that the probability that an instance is positive is equal to the product of probability  , Pr+|F a Pr+|Ea. Basically  , a model of Type I is a model where balls tokens are randomly extracted from an urn  , whilst in Type II models balls are randomly extracted from an urn belonging to a collection of urns documents. Second  , we address the limitation of KLSH. By making objects a part of the domain model  , SPPL planner avoids unnecessary grounding and symmetries  , and the search space is reduced by an exponential factor as a result. o if QUEUE is fully abstract not implemented  , this means that its sort of interest queue is implemented as a derived type of tree  , as indicated in section 3. Additionally  , we will assess the impact of full-text components over regular LD components for QA  , partake in the creation of larger benchmarks we are working on QALD-5 and aim towards multilingual  , schema-agnostic queries. In the following sections  , we first describe the system and the language resources employed for the TREC-8 CLIR track. The authors show how click graphs can be used to improve ranking of image search results. The sample-based representation directly facilitates the optimization of  I I  using gradient descent. One can check whether the fitness function for the satellite docking problem exhibits this property by performing a large number of statistical hillclimbing runs 6. In the next Section we discuss the problem of LPT query optimization where we import the polynomial time solution for tree queries from Ibaraki 841 to this general model of  ,optimization. We combine two retrieval strategies that work at two different To compute the inter-document similarities we build a vector space DocSpace where similar documents are represented by close vectors by means of the Semantic Vectors package 13. Also  , our method is based on search behavior similarity and not only on content similarity. In opposition to traditional methods aiming at fitting and sometimes forcing the content of the resources into a prefabricated model  , grounded theory aims at having the underlying model emerge " naturally " from the systematic collection  , rephrasing  , reorganisation and interpretations of the actual sentences and terms of the resources . In this scenario  , teleportation is also generally performed via visits to a search engine and a user is more likely to " teleport " to a related or similar page instead of a random page in a search session. However automatic pattern extraction can introduce errors and syntactic dependency matching can lead to incorrect answers too. Our empirical evaluation shows that the method produces feasible  , high quality grasps from random and heuristic initializations. Table 3 gives the mean over the 50 trials of the Pearson correlation between the per-topic estimate and goldstandard values of R  , the number of relevant documents. Note that non-leaf node of T is numbered according to its order of merging. al introduced a parameter-free random walk model for query suggestion. For each dataset  , the table reports the query time  , the error ratio and the number of hash tables required  , to achieve three different search quality recall values. Consider personalization of web pages based on user profiles. These specific technical problems are solved in the rest of the paper. Multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies   , however  , are an underrepresented class of CLIR resources. It is not in the authors' nature to run an organization for the its own sake. When preparing a dynamic aspect  , the expression of the pointcut as well as the content of the interceptor depends on the type of the role interactions. A PSbased training system includes a number of PS shards that store model parameters and a number of clients that read different portions of the training data from a distributed file system e.g. The query optimizer shuffles operators around in the query tree to produce a faster execution plan  , which may evaluate different parts of the query plan in any order considered to be correct from the relational viewpoint. Anti-Semijoin For an anti-semijoin El I ? The curve for sort-merge is labeled SM; the curves for Grace partitioned band join and the hybrid partitioned band join are labeled GP and HP  , respectively. Object-oriented OO programming has many useful features   , such as information hiding  , encapsulation  , inheritance  , polymorphism  , and dynamic binding. In particular  , the occurrence of the regular expression operators concatenation  , disjunction +  , zero-or-one  ? A predicted position of a person is the expectation value of the position. However  , their experiments are not conclusive and their retrieval functions are not shown to be effective and robust enough 28. Since there is no closed form solution for the parameters w and b that minimize Equation 1  , we resort to Stochastic Gradient Descent 30  , a fast and robust optimization method. Here  , we propose a semantic relevance measure which outputs relevancy values of each pictogram when a pictogram interpretation is given. It means that if a page becomes popular within one year when search engines do not exist  , it takes 66 years when search engines dominate users' browsing pattern! Use of the alignments for CLIR gives excellent results  , proving their value for realworld applications. These latter effects probably account for the increase in average time per operation for the hill-climbing version to around 250-300ns; the difference in the code for these two methods is tiny. In this paper  , we propose a system called RerankEverything  , which enables users to rerank search results in any search service. This approach avoids the performance overheads associated with threads: kernel scheduling  , context switching  , stack and task data structures allocation  , synchronization   , inter-thread communication  , and thread safety issues. Then we run another three sets of experiments for MV-DNN. An XSD is single occurrence if it contains only single occurrence regular expressions. As the dynamic programming technique is popular for approximate string matching  , it is only natural that it be broadly used in the area of melodic search. For each location  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar locations to predict the missing values. The result sets for each topic from each Web domain name were saved to disk. We evaluate our model in two search tasks to demonstrate its effectiveness for search intent prediction: 1 query prediction aims to predict what a user is going to search i.e. δ represents a tunable parameter to favor either the centroid weight or the pattern weight. We use a pattern-matching module to recognize those OODs with fixed structure pattern  , such as money  , date  , time  , percentage and digit. Each strategy generates its own tj given source term si. " Finally  , we conclude the paper in Section 7. It is evident that natural language texts are highly noisy and redundant as training data for statistical classification  , and that applying a complete mathematical model to such noisy and redundant data often results in over-fitting and wasteful computation in LLSF. Not all applications provide this feature  , although Such explicit reflective programming  , in which the system manipulates a dynamic representation of its own user interface  , is difficult to capture in a static query. The dataset contains a subset of search logs of 30 days  , which are about 1.5 years old and do not contain sessions with queries that have commercial intent detected with Yandex proprietary query classifier. An exponential likelihood function pDT W ij |c j  is calculated using the DTW distance between every trajectory i and the model trajectory j of the motion. The warping path is defined as a sequence of matrix elements  , representing the optimal alignment for the two sequences. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM is built like that 5. The hill climbing search strategy modifies the position of one fixel at a time until arriving at a fixel configuration achieving simultaneous contact and providing force closure with the feature tuple. CSCs have very limited time to examine search result. Enriching these benchmarks with real world fulltext content and fulltext queries is very much in our favor. It varies from -1 to 1 and the larger the value  , the stronger the positive correlation between them. This work is also closely related to the retrieval models that capture higher order dependencies of query terms. The matcher is random forest classifier  , which was learnt by labeling 1000 randomly chosen pairs of listings from the Biz dataset. During query execution the engine determines trust values with the simple  , provenance-based trust function introduced before. The figure of merit FOM for a route i s calculated from the cost matrix by dynamic programming. In this paper  , we explore several methods to improve query translation for English-Chinese CLIR. For this  , we measured the performance on large BSBM and LUBM data sets while varying the number of nodes used. Although not strictly an upper bound because of expansion effects  , it is quite common in CLIR evaluation to compare the effectiveness of a CLIR system with a monolingual baseline. Our method was more successful with longer queries containing more diverse search terms. Therefore  , we set í µí»¿ and in our LSH-based method. After doing so  , we can produce a probabilistic spatiotemporal model of an event. In our application  , the total number of MCMC iterations is chosen to be 2 ,000. The cosine similarity is defined as follows: We define the following well-known similarity measures: the cosine similarity and Pearson correlation coefficient. Finally  , we build a large set of manual relevance judgments to compare with our automatic evaluation method and find a moderately strong .71 Pearson positive correlation. ?. We introduce a system to re-rank current Google image search results. We identified the segment on which the two outputs differed. We tried training a support vector machine to predict the category labels of the snippets. From the foregone information of success matching  , it can get the substring T8 ,9= " is "   , while there is no substring " is " in P1 ,2 ,3 ,4. Once the optimal parameters are obtained by the discriminative training procedure introduced above  , the final top-K corrections can be directly computed  , avoiding the need for a separate stage of candidate re-ranking. Based on the kernel terms in initial query and the current search item  , a sub-query is constructed for a specific search focus. Both can be applied for annotating a text document automatically. If the operator detects that the actual statistics deviate considerably from the optimizer's estimates  , the current execution plan is stopped and a new plan is used for the remainder of the query. This was done by adding the English OOV terms to the English queries and using our system to translate and then retrieve Chinese documents EO-C. A truly robust solution needs to include other techniques  , such as machine learning applied to instances  , natural language technology  , and pattern matching to reuse known matches. For the quality evaluation function  , we use the Pearson Correlation Coefficient ρ as the metric measuring the distance between the human annotated voice quality score and the predicted voice quality. The total number of operations is also proportional to this term because this query can be best run using Sort- Merge joins by always storing the histograms and the auxiliary relations in sorted order. Limiting the queue size limits the worst case storage requirements and performance of the al- gorithm. For this paper  , the focus of the meta-search engine is browser add-on search tools. Table 1 summarizes the clusters and shows mean values for the original features  , as well as stability scores. This implementation uses purely local comparisons for maximal efficiency  , and no global adjustments such as dynamic programming or graph cuts are used. Code is available at https://github.com/li-xirong/hierse For each topic  , we extracted all document pairwise preferences from the top 20 documents retrieved by each system. where Z = Z α Z β is a normalization factor; |V | is the set of users to whom we try to recommend friends and |C| is the candidate list for each user; θ = {α}  , {β} indicates a parameter configuration. IE can only be employed if sensory information is available that is relevant to a relation  , deductive reasoning can only derive a small subset of all statements that are true in a domain and relational machine learning is only applicable if the data contains relevant statistical structure. Two synthetic datasets generated using RDF benchmark generators BSBM 2 and SP2B 3 were used for scalability evaluation. The resulting 1-best error rates decrease for the first three setups but stays around the same for the third and fourth. MUST currently uses all the possible translations for each content word and performs no weight adjustment. Step Three  , Random Baseline  , was omitted. Our goal is to design a good indexing method for similarity search of large-scale datasets that can achieve high search quality with high time and space efficiency. Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. So the extracted entities are from GATE  , list or regular expression matching. The studies reported in this paper continue to broaden the perspective by adding a focus on complex tasks with live multimedia content. In addition  , the usual problems attached to concurrent executions  , like race conditions and deadlocks  , are raised. 11 ,12 a lot of research on query optimization in the context of databases and federated information systems. To determine relevant sources we first need to identify the region in data space that contains all possible triples matching the pattern. This component uses a set of search tecbniques to find collision-free paths in the search space. When a radius is defined  , as in DBSCAN  , or some related parameter   , a particular view is being set that has an equivalence to viewing a density plot with a microscope or telescope at a certain magnification. We define semantic relevance of a pictogram to be the measure of relevancy between a word query and interpretation words of a pictogram. Though content based similarity calculation is an 1 the search volume numbers in the paper are for relative comparison only effective approach for text data  , it is not suitable for use in queries. Inference of " bounded disorder " appears to be relevant when considering how order properties get propagated through block-nested-loop joins  , and could be exploited to reduce the cost of certain plan operators. The evaluation shows that we can provide both high precision and recall for similarity search  , and that our techniques substantially improve on naive keyword search. In this paper  , we discuss a new method for conceptual similarity search for text using word-chaining which admits more efficient document-to-document similarity search than the standard inverted index  , while preserving better quality of results. It reaches a maximum MRR of 0.879 when trained with 6 data sources and then saturates  , retaining almost the same MRR for higher number of training data sources used. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query generated from a document 9. It is clear that this particular view selection may not be optimal . We first showcase DO and HSA on two document similarity tasks: prior-art patent search 10 and the cross-language IR CLIR task of finding document translations 4. with grouping  , existing pattern matching techniques are no longer effective. In such a case  , the objective function degenerates to the log-likelihood function of PLSA with no regularization. NN-search is a common way to implement similarity search. The results we have obtained already showed clearly the feasibility of using Web parallel documents for model training. The parameters of the final PLSA model are first initialized using the documents that have been pre-assigned to the selected cluster signatures. Second  , OVERLAP prunes edges in the search lattice  , converting it into a tree  , as follows. The first query is a general term  , by which the user is searching for the best coffee in Seattle area; whereas the second query is used to search for a coffee shop chain named as Seattle's Best Coffee which was originated from Seattle but now has expanded into other cities as well. To define the similarity measure  , we took the number of matches  , the length of the URL   , the value of the match between the URL head and the URL tail into account  , as shown in the last lines of Table 9. In order to evaluate this reranking scheme  , we ranked the URL address result list according to request their similarity. In this section  , we describe the approach we have adopted for addressing the CLIR problem. But  , on the other hand  , we have exploited some internal mechanisms of EXPRESS  , namely the indexing with most specific terms and the automatic recursive term expansion described in Chapter 4  , in order to achieve an elegant partial solution. Nevertheless  , knowledge of the semantics is important to determining similarity between operation. To perform a similarity search  , the indexing method hashes a query object into a bucket  , uses the data objects in the bucket as the candidate set of the results  , and then ranks the candidate objects using the distance measure of the similarity search. As shown in Fig. where the output of F 1 is the rank position of a page of popularity x  , and F 2 is a function from that rank to a visit rate. Daikon 4.6.4 is an invariant generator http://pag.csail.mit.edu/daikon/. Documents are then assigned to each topic using the maximum posterior probability. This clearly illustrates the strength of our approach in handling noisy data. Some question type has up to several hundred patterns. As mentioned earlier  , pruning strategy 2 can improve the efficiency of pruning strategy 3. Similar to what people has done for optimizing ranking measures such as MAP or NDCG  , we find an approximate solution by constructing a new approximate objective function that is differentiable. In the Semantic Web community  , crowdsourcing has also been recently considered  , for instance to link 10 or map 21  entities. |ΔS| is the absolute difference in the value of S due to swapping the positions of v d 1 and v d 2 in the ordering of all documents  , with respect to v q   , computed by the current ranking function. The results of the study were evaluated with respect to the agreement between the actual gender of a user and our predicted preference for one of the two female-biased or male-biased news streams. The authors clarify the importance of OBIE approaches  , as they describe such systems as a bridging technology which combines text understanding systems and IE systems. Deciding whether R is not restricted is NP- complete. In order to differentiate the source language from the target language  , a superscript s is used for any variable related to the source language and a superscript t is used for any variable related to the target language. Finally  , the most complex query Show me all songs from Bruce Springsteen released between 1980 and 1990 contains a date range constraint and was found too hard to answer by all systems evaluated in the QALD evaluation 5. This is the value used for pattern matching evaluation. These engines are known as Internet-scale code search engines 14  , such as Ohloh Code previously known as Koders and Google code search 13 discontinued service as of March 2013. It propagates the reward backward only one step. Martinson et a1 13  , worked with even higher levels of abstraction  , to coordinate high-level behavioral assemblages in their robots to learn finite state automata in an intercept scenario. For SQO  , we have to consider the trade-off between the cost of optimization and solution quality i.e. We can do model selection and combination—technical details are in Appendix C. This can be performed using only data gathered online and time complexity is independent of the stream size. Setup. In these cases  , we suggest that the user should consider data consistency check as an alternative. There are workloads that are very sensitive to changes of the DMP. This method converts evidence into first order logic features  , and then uses standard classifiers supervised machine learning on the integrated data to find good combinations of input sources. Advantages of these schemes include the ability to segment non convex shapes  , identify noise  , and automatically estimate the number of partitions in a data set. Conduct curve fitting for sampled distance and zoom level as in Each of the initial seed SteamIDs was pushed onto an Amazon Simple Queue Service SQS queue. However  , this problem is solvable in pseudopolynomial time with dynamic programming 6 . The optimal value of a is sought to maximally constrain the object model. They show that  , by including the click-through data  , their model achieves better performance compared to the PLSA. For example  , AbdulJaleel and Larkey describe a transliteration technique 1  that they successfully applied in English- Arabic CLIR. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. So our approach is to heuristically use the equations obtained in Theorem 4  , Theorem 5  , and Corollary 6 to choose which tables need to be sampled and compute their sample sizes  , i.e. The same approach is extended in 6  by adding more expressive events  , dynamic delivery policies and dynamic eventmethod bindings. Alternatives to this included using past clicked urls and their time to calculate similarity with the current search documents and using past clicked urls and time to calculate the similarity between clicked documents and search documents  , then predict the time for search documents. Specifically  , we make the following contributions: 1. One-class classification 9  transfers the problem of detecting outliers to a quadratic program solved by Support Vector Machine. After the push function is used to partition the space of push directions into equivalence classes  , we perform a breadth-first search of push combinations to find a fence design. According to the density-based definition  , a cluster consists of the minimum number of points MinPts to eliminate very small clusters as noise; and for every point in the cluster  , there exists another point in the same cluster whose distance is less than the distance threshold Eps points are densely located. Adjusting the quality mapping f i : Q H G to the characteristics of the gripper and the target objects  , and learning where to grasp the target objects by storing successful grasping configurations  , are done on-line  , while the system performs grasping trials. The Periscope/SQ optimizer rewrites this query using the algebraic properties of PiQA and cost estimates for different plans.  The MOP solution can be generated from its definitioa by using the regular expression for the paths. We analyzed the contribution of the various features to the model by measuring their average rank across the three classifiers   , as provided by the Random Forest. However  , existing search engines do not support table search. where 0 < α  , β < 1 and I and MI are normalized to be in the same range 0  , 1. Underactuated robots have been a recent topic of interest l-71. We calculate these metrics for both the fitted model and the actual data  , and compare the results. a t states I and params p  , Q  p   , ~   , u    , employing a Q-learning rule. where it is assumed that the observed dataset is over the time interval 0  , T  Daley and Vere-Jones 2003. This corpus is mined from the Internet Movie Database archive of the rec.arts.moviews.reviews newsgroup. The cooccurrence of system acceptable search words produces an overlapping or part identity of the extensions of these search words. Tague and Nelson 16 validated whether the performance of their generated queries was similar to real queries across the points of the precision-recall graph using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS Test. The general idea in these methods is t o incrementally build a search graph from the initial state and extend it toward the goal state. This could result in an infinite loop which would indicate that a link has become jammed. To eliminate unnecessary data traversal  , when generating data blocks  , we sort token-topic pairs w di   , z di  according to w di 's position in the shuffled vocabulary  , ensuring that all tokens belonging to the same model slice are actually contiguous in the data block see Figure 1 . onto the basic PRM scheme 18. Illustrative examples of these results are presented in Table 5  , which summarizes the results of the PLSA model by showing the 10 highest probability words along with their corresponding conditional probabilities from 4 topics in the CiteSeer data set. Beside the query context  , of course  , it is also necessary to consider the actual query term for retrieving suitable search results. Finally  , the time complexity of IMRank is OnT dmax log dmax  , where T is the number of iterations IMRank takes before convergence. Two propositions are considered equivalent if they have the same verb  , the same roles and the same head-noun for each role. Second  , user-defined external ontologies can be integrated with the system and used in concept recognition. However   , these extracted topics are latent variables without explicit meaning and cannot be regarded as the given categories . The Q-table is reinforced using learning dynamics and the finesses of genes are calculated based on the reinforced Q-table. Also by merging smaller MDNs  , we increase the number of URLs corresponding to each central server  , which helps to generate more generic signatures. , the joint probability distribution  , of observing such data is Let Ë ´µ be the order statistics of the repair times. These operations are executed through the standard semaphore technique Dijkstra DijSS using only one lock type. In addition  , a comparison between a state-of-the-art BoVW approach and our deep multi-label CNN was performed on the publicly available  , fully annotated NUSWIDE scene dataset 7 . We leverage a Random Forest RF classifier to predict whether a specific seller of a product wins the Buy Box. Although the great majority of users simply have the typical religion/party/philosophy names in those fields e.g. Viola and Jones 20  , 21 In recent years  , deep learning arouses academia and industrial attentions due to its magic in computer vision. Although not directly comparable due to different test conditions  , different searches  , etc. Further  , 7  do the same for query ics which implicitly express a temporal expression e.g. Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. The tasks compared the result 'click' distributions where the length of the summary was manipulated. Second  , the editing is often conditional on the surrounding context. For each run of DBSCAN on the biological data sets  , we chose the parameters according to 5 using a k-nn-distance graph. This list determines for which subtrees a nearly optimal partitioning has to be used. However  , in order to find a paper with a search engine the researcher has to know or guess appropriate search keywords. Despite the great deal of motion planning research  , not much work has been done directly on the area of pushing planning. Note that in this paper  , we focus on ordered twig pattern matching. By folding constraints at join points and using memoization techniques for procedures  , we are able to successfully apply our approach to large software systems. pLSA has shown promise in ad hoc information retrieval  , where it can be used as a semantic smoothing technique. Note that figures 7 and 8 represent matching results of the sequences grouped into the same cluster. We shall introduce this provision by continuing our earlier example. Another approach is to discretize the state space and use dynamic programming 9  , IO . The computer presented one random photo after another to one of the experimenters. SYSTRAN is generally accepted as one of the best commercial MT systems for English-Spanish translation. Due to its enhanced query planner  , the tree-aware instance relies on operators to evaluate XPath location steps  , while the original instance will fall back to sort and index nested-loop join. Due to the low detection ratios  , Q-learning did not always converge to the correct basket. Validity  , reliability  , and efficiency are more complex issues to evaluate. In this paper has been presented a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages. Data sources are described by service descriptions see Section 3.1. In this context  , we have modeled skills by adopting an explicitly different model fitting strategy that is based on the entropies obtained from multiple demonstrations. -constrain paths based on the presence or absence of certain nodes or edges. We will take an approach that estimates the product ~b = X00 by using a conditional joint density function as the likelihood function. The technique provides optimization of arbitrary convex functions  , and does not incur a significant penalty in order to provide this generality. A finite supply of electrodes resulted in a relatively sparse set of data 87 samples and offers two distinct ways to analyze the data. As boolean retrieval is in widespread use in practice  , there are attempts to find a combination with probabilistic ranking procedures. The likelihood can be written as a function of Purchase times in the observations are generated by using a set of hidden variables θ = {θ 1  , θ2..  , θM } θ m = {βm  , γm}. In order to implement the match-and-block and matchand-sanitize strategies we need to generate code for the match and replace statements. The policy is clearly sub-optimal because it does not try to raise the Acrobot's endpoint above the goal height directly once sufficient energy has been pumped into the system. But they cannot combine data streams with evolving knowledge  , and they cannot perform reasoning tasks over streaming data. Much of the work on search personalization focuses on longerterm models of user interests. For traditional relational databases  , multiplequery optimization 23 seeks to exhaustively find an optimal shared query plan. Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. To avoid over-fitting  , we constrain the gis by imposing an L2 penalty term. We propose two independently developed methods for topic discovery based on the Linked Data. At the present time we have no general solvers for recursive procedures; however  , for regular recursion many of the loop solving techniques are applicable. Coding theoretic arguments suggest that this structure should pcnnit us to reduce the dimensionality of our index space so as to better correspond to the ShanDon Entropy of the power set of documeDts {though this may require us to coalesce sets of documents wry unlikely to be optimal. We induced a bilingual lexicon from the translated corpus by treating the translated corpus as a pseudo-parallel corpus. Because the expansion is breadth first  , the optimal trajectory will he the first one encountered that meets the desired uncertainty. The described general procedure for pattern matching could utilize the entire history of data acquired durin g an assembly attempt. The action space A is comprised of all tasks that the system can allocate to the user. Still others are affected by the translation quality obtained. Note: schema:birthDate and schema:deathDate are derived from the same subfield using the supplied regular expression. Similarity search is an option for searching for photos of interest  , which is really useful especially in this non-professional context. Coverage does not exceed 79%. For DBSCAN we do not show the results for DS4 and Swiss-roll since it returned only one cluster  , even when we played with different parameter set- tings. In this example  , the subject is 101 characters from the answer  , and thus the match is accepted. Building on prior research in federated search  , we formulate two collection ranking strategies using a probabilistic retrieval framework based on language modeling techniques. The data element ARTICLE_PRICE_DETAILS can be used multiple with disjunctive intervals. The initiative to search depended on a librarian explicitly recognising a similarity with a previous enquiry   , and recalling sufficient details e.g. The decompounding is based on selecting the decomposition with the smallest number of words and the highest decomposition probability . Our first experiment investigates the differences in retrieval performance between LSs generated from three different search engines. Here an article included in the Funk and Wagnalls encyclopedia is used as a search request  , and other related encyclopedia articles are retrieved in response to the query articles. As these charts suggest  , the Pearson correlation between the two runs is quite low: 0.3884 for nDCG@20 and 0.3407 for nDCG@10. , until a complete plan for the query has been chosen. Here we explore the opposite however  , optimality of interfaces given search behavior. While similarity ranking is in fact an information retrieval approach to the problem  , pattern search resembles a database look-up. The Reranking is performed by using a similarity measure between a query vector and a web page in the search results. robot and obstacles 12. Over all of the queries in our experiments the average optimization time was approximately 1/2 second. For the query performance  , the SP queries give the best performance  , which is expected and consistent with the query length comparison. We use a query engine that implements a variation on the INQUERY 1 tf·idf scoring function to extract an ordered list of results from each of the three indices. While these metrics provide a good estimate of the quality of the search results  , and in turn have been shown to correspond to search effectiveness of users  , these do not take into account the search success of a specific user for a session. All experiments in this section use the breadth-first search strategy. The improvements increased with the sparseness of the dataset  , as expected because sparse FA correctly handles sparseness. To obtain features  , we calculated the power of the segment of 1 second following the term onset using the fast Fourier transform and applying log-transformation to normalize the signal. Nie 2 exposes in detail the need for cross-language and multilingual IR. +  are normalization factors such that Dt+1 and˜Dt+1and˜ and˜Dt+1 remain probability distributions. The results are available in tab. We derive two basic quanti-ties  , namely LI Binary LIB and LI Frequency LIF  , which can be used separately or combined to represent documents. According to Dijkstra  , at any given time an object has one of three colors. Model fitting on AE features was performed using WEKA 3.7 30  , and the response model was calculated in MATLAB. We adopted MT-based query translation as our way of bridging the language gap between the source language SL and the target language TL. 2 The loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model 18   , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. Previous work 10  , 18  , 25 on mining alternating specifications has largely focused on developing efficient ranking and selection mechanisms . We first define the existing PMI & LSA-based metrics before introducing the new Word Embedding-based metric to evaluate the coherence of topics. LSP is composed of lexical entries  , POS tag  , semantic category and their sequence  , and is expressed in regular expression. All combinations of independent variables were presented  , with each combination of topic 3 visuality x 4 difficulty being presented randomly  , and then for each topic all combinations of image size and relevance level 3 sizes x 2 relevance levels were presented randomly as a block. In the case of protein databases  , scientists are often interested in locating proteins that are similar to a target protein of interest. Several recent studies have suggested that using a better search system may not always lead to improvements in search outcomes. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. Second  , the project operations are posponed until the end of the query evaluation. It may therefore seem more appropriate and direct to use document-document similarity for iterative search. The ImageCLEF 2007 collection is a set of 20 ,000 images  , 60 search topics  , and associated relevance judgments. Our performance experiments demonstrate the efficiency and practical viability of TopX for ranked retrieval of XML data. Such a model generalize to new campaigns if we can estimate the unknown coefficients gi for each user feature i from the training data. General English words are likely to have similar distributions in both language models I and A. This more general problem will also be investigated in the CLIR track for the upcoming TREC-7 conference. PORE is a holistic pattern matching approach  , which has been implemented for relation-instance extraction from Wikipedia. We discretize each parameter in 5 settings in the range 0  , 1 and choose the best-performer configuration according to a grid search. Model selection criteria usually assumes that the global optimal solution of the log-likelihood function can be obtained. Therefore  , their introduction does not alter the set of execution traces specified by the model. Specifically  , we use the Pearson correlation coefficient: To evaluate the authority scores computed by our methods  , we rank the authors in decreasing order by their scores  , and compare our ranking with the ranking of users ordered by their Votes and Stars values. CN2 consists of two main procedures: the search procedure that performs beam search in order to find a single rule and the control procedure that repeatedly executes the search. In this section we present experimental results for search with explicit and implicit annotations. , the number of parameters that need to be estimated grows proportionally with the size of the training set. We generated AR 1 time-series of length 256. When one uses the query term selection optimization  , the character-based signature file generates another problem. Concluding remarks are offered in Section 4. Once it has been established that a high level path exists  , the lower level trajectory planning problem for each equivalence region node is to determine the trajectory which the cone must follow to reorient the part. Typically a learning-to-rank approach estimates one retrieval model across all training queries Q1  , ..  , Q k represented by feature vectors  , after which the test query Qt is ranked upon the retrieval model and the output is presented to the user. Abstractly we view a program as a guarded-transition systems and analyze transition sequences. Obviously  , this type of distortion can also be applied to the ellipsoidal model of Chavarria Garza. Our insight on parallelization opportunities emerged from our recent investigation of how the order in which a state-space is searched influences the cost and effectiveness of detecting errors 6 . It is evident from experimental results that our approach has much higher label prediction accuracy and is much more scalable in terms of training time than existing systems. The most popular variants are the Pearson correlation or cosine measure. Trails must contain pages that are either: search result pages  , search engine homepages  , or pages connected to a search result page via a sequence of clicked hyperlinks. Thus  , the developer decides to perform a regular expression query for *notif*. However  , diaeerent research communities have associated diaeerent partially incompatiblee interpretations with the values returned from such score functions   , such astThe fuzzy set interpretation ë2  , 8ë  , the spatial interpretation originally used in text databases  , the metric interpetation ë9ë  , or the probabilistic interpretation underlying advanced information retrieval systems ë10ë. In TREC-9  , Microsoft Research China MSRCN  , together with Prof. Jian-Yun Nie from University of Montreal  , participated for the first time in the English- Chinese Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR track. Moreover  , score assigned to a leaf category qx also depends on the rank of referrals to qx: The topmost search results are assigned higher scores than those occurring towards the end of the list. However   , the utilization of relevant information was one of the most important component in Probabilistic retrieval model. Also  , each method reads all the feature vectors into main memory at startup time. In this work  , we propose the Time Varying Relational Classifier TVRC framework—a novel approach to incorporating temporal dependencies into statistical relational models. Since it was not possible to show all the predictors in this paper  , we have chosen to include only those achieving a Pearson coefficient higher than 0.19. Second  , we propose reducing the visual appearance gap by applying deep learning techniques. When an eye image is input  , the pattern matching is carried out with the pattern matching model  , memorized previously. Based on this  , free space for driving can be computed using dynamic programming. Without strict enforcement of separation   , a template engine provides tasty icing on the same old stale cake. To improve performance   , we automatically thin out our disambiguation graph by removing 25 % of those edges  , whose source and target entities have the lowest semantic similarity. Second  , the L p -norm distance form of the above model reflects the coverage of keywords  , and p ≥ 1 controls the strength of ANDsemantics among keywords. Moreover  , our approach is effective for any join query and predicate combinations. Essentially  , an interface to a bi-directional weakly connected graph that is transparently generated as the programmer works. With the negative log marginal given in equation 15  , learning becomes an optimization problem with the optimization variables being the set {X  , X bias   , θ  , σ}. Launching an image search required first launching a text search or " best " browse that displayed the resulting thumbnails  , and then dragging and dropping a thumbnail into the upper left pane. However  , even if T does not accurately measure the likelihood that a page is good  , it would still be useful if the function could at least help us order pages by their likelihood of being good. One alternative considered in the design of XJ was to allow programmers the use of regular expression types in declarations.  We demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of our techniques with a comprehensive empirical evaluation on real datasets. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . Third and most important  , we contextualize the pattern matching by distinguishing between relevant and non-relevant pages. In addition  , not all types of NE can be captured by pattern matching effectively. This could possibly involve using another layer of patterned SU-8 for the glue to eliminate the application by hand which risks glue in the flexure joints. The first context instance in Figure 1has a matching relation with the first pattern in Figure 2. However the bottom-up search does perform at least as well as the serial search  , which is a very good result for a clustered search. When query optimization occurs prior to execution  , resource requests must be deferred until runtime. It also leverages existing definitions from external resources. However  , best-first search also has some problems. , found in the local context of potential sentence breaking punctu- ation. It downloads multiple pages typically 500 in parallel. Furthermore  , service descriptions can include statistical information used for query optimization. Such operator sharing is even the cornerstone of the Q-Pipe architecture 14. Thus we know that r 5 indeed contains a keyword similar to " grose "   , and can retrieve the corresponding prefix similarity. We thus segment the color image with different resolutions see Section IV-A. If alternative QGM representations are plausible depending upon their estimated cost  , then all such alternative QGMs are passed to Plan Optimization to be evaluated  , joined by a CHOOSE operator which instructs the optimizer to pick the least-cost alternative. As Yu's method is based on skeleton  , which usually can't be appropriately extracted especially when the character is scratchy or complex  , the recognition rate will be pretty low in clerical script and cursive script. Various related work follow the strategy of using a modeldriven approach to support architectural conformance. However  , the current state of the art is confirmed to be Flat-COTE and our next objective is to evaluate whether HIVE-COTE is a significant improvement. Three levels of strategies are available: A general strategy provides a default setting. Whenever it is found  , its random access address is remembered for the duration of the search of that subtree for S. P. P# = 200. Moreover providing a simple " Google-like " search interface as opposed to a complicated multi-field catalogue search can radically alter user behaviour 27. This paper builds on prior work in self-folding  , computational origami and modular robots. However   , the materialized views considered by all of the above works are traditional views expressed in SQL. Approximate-match based dictionary lookup was studied under the context of string similarity search in application scenarios such as data cleaning and entity extraction e.g. This is because higher values of θ result in highly similar pattern clusters that represent specific semantic relations. , OS90  , KM90  , CD92. Invitation Figure 1  , Steps of RaPiD7 1 Preparation step is performed for each of the workshops  , and the idea is to find out the necessary information to be used as input in the workshops. CLIR is characterized by differences in query and document language 3. The search and retrieval interface Figure 2 allows users to find videos by combining full text  , image similarity  , and exact/partial match search. By subdividing the costs for each alternative into history and future costs  , A* search is able to compare the possibly unfinished plans with each other. The advantages of STAR-based query optimization are detailed in Loh87. This estimate is computed by extrapolating the total number of pages in a search engines index from known or computed word frequencies of common words 1 . JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. As such  , #weight folding  , in concert with max score  , gave us a large speedup in the query expansion runs. The subjective effort results also indicate that visual topics require less effort to judge in terms of subjective effort  , for example it was found that participants believed they had better performance for visual topics  , while for semantic topics  , the perceived mental workload and effort was greater. Histograms were one of the earliest synopses used in the context of database query optimization 29  , 25. Figure 2 describes the function of each task T k in partitionbased similarity search. The normalized cost of a plan is defined as the execution cost of the plan divided by the cost of the plan that uses no approximate predicates. The focus of our paper is on the problem of linking sentiment expressions to the mentions they target. From a correlation perspective  , the similarity wij is basically the unnormalized Pearson correlation coefficient 7 between nodes i and j. The server functions are supported by five modules to augment the underlying database system multimedia manipulation and search capability. Both of these models estimate the probability of relevance of each document to the query. IMRank2 consistently provides better influence spread than PMIA and IRIE  , and runs faster than them. The results in Table 2also show that the multi-probe LSH method is substantially more space and time efficient than the entropy-based approach. A more effective method of handling natural question queries was developed recently by Lu et al. More precisely  , we demonstrate features related to query rewriting  , and to memory management for large documents. The second most matched rule is another regular expression that resulted in another 11% of the rule matches. , recursive function calls  , we follow the cycle until the annotations stabilize. Table 1 shows the Pearson correlation coecient between the frequency of the physical image requests in the past the training period of the experiments reported in Section 4.2 and the frequency of the same physical image requests in the future the testing period of the experiments . De Raedt et al. In this paper we present a new and unique approach to dynamic sensing strategies. In the experiment  , we used three datasets  , including both the publicly benchmark dataset and that obtained from a commercial search engine. Yet  , there is little work on evaluating and optimising analytical queries on RDF data 4 ,5 . We simulated 5 days of the search engine-crawler system at work. the search procedure is breadth first search which examines all the nodes on one level of the tree before any nodes of the next level ignoring the goal distance Ac. Gini importance is calculated based on Gini Index or Gini Impurity  , which is the measure of class distribution within a node. ANSWER indicates the expected answer. The experimental results in Table 5show that exploiting the emergent relational schema even in this very preliminary implementation already improves the performance of Virtuoso on a number of BSBM Explore queries by up to a factor of 5.8 Q3  , Hot run. In addition to this ultra heterogeneous data  , we created a very large database of Random Walk data RW II  , since this is the most studied dataset for indexing comparisons 5  , 6  , 17  , 24  , 25  , 34 and is  , by contrast with the above  , a very homogeneous dataset. This is an open question and may require further research. However  , the activity signatures do give a more granular picture of the work style of different workers. However  , the problem of optimizing nested queries considering parameter sort orders is significantly different from the problem of finding the optimal sort orders for merge joins. NL interfaces are attractive for their ease-of-use  , and definetely have a role to play  , but they suffer from a weak adequacy: habitability spontaneous NL expressions often have no FL counterpart or are ambiguous  , expressivity only a small FL fragment is covered in general. Second  , path regular expressions must be generalized to support labels with properties and required properties. References will usually denote entities contained in the discourse model  , which is updated after every utterance with entities introduced in that utterance. In MyDNS  , a low aux value increases the likelihood of the corresponding server to be placed high in the list. Yokoi et al. For Lemur  , the distribution decreases from The precision estimates are taken from the TREC 2009/10 diversity task data for Lemur  , and from the MovieLens 2 dataset for pLSA more details in section 4.2. These properties make it the ideal search strategy in an interactive CLIR environment. The second application is in content-based image search  , where it may suffice to show a cached image that is similar to a query image; independent of our work  , Falchi et al. The reason is that GeoMF addresses the data sparsity problem by fitting both nonzero and zero check-ins with different weights  , which is less reasonable than our ranking methodology because zero check-ins may be missing values and should not be fitted directly. To avoid unnecessary traversals on the database during the evaluation of a path expression  , indexing methods are introduced 15  , 16. For example  , if OOPDTool detects an instance of the FactoryMethod design pattern  , it would detect not only the presence of this pattern in the design but also all classes corresponding to the Abstract Creator  , Concrete Creator  , Abstract Product  , and Concrete Product participants found in this design pattern instance. One other study used eye-tracking in online search to assess the manner in which users evaluate search results 18. If we are given a world model defined by the transition probabilities and the reward function Rs ,a we can compute an optimal deterministic stationary policy using techniques from dynamic programming e.g. The argument p is often called a template  , and its fields contain either actuals or formals. The idea of the so-called pyramid search is depicted in figure 3. The dataset was obtained from the IMDB Website by collecting 28 ,353 reviews for 20 drama films released in the US from May 1  , 2006 to September 1  , 2006  , along with their daily gross box office revenues. A popular similarity measure is the Pearson correlation coefficient 5. However  , almost all of them ignore one important factor for resource selection  , i.e. Non-promising URLs are put to the back of the queue where they rarely get a chance to be visited. This is to say that users with a high level of English proficiency accept fewer recommendations with respect to users with a low level. Therefore  , by incorporating this pattern in the grammar  , the same form extractor automatically recognizes such exclusive attributes. More specifically  , we compute two entropy-based features for the EDA and EMG-CS data: Shannon entropy and permutation entropy. The vertices depicted with circles are nodes  , and the numbers in the nodes give their capacity. Subjects' search experience was measured using a modified version of the Search Self-Efficacy scale 9 . 2 Chemical names with similar structures may have a large edit distance. RIF draws ideas from the interval feature classifier TSF 6  and we also construct a random forest classifier. In parallel  , semantic similarity measures have been developed in the field of information retrieval  , e.g. Constraints expressed in logical formulas are often very expensive to check. {10} {1 ,2 ,7 ,10}{1 ,2 ,3 ,7 ,8 ,10} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,7 ,8 ,92 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Description ,Library {9} {4 ,6 ,9} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Even if the indexing phase is correct  , certain documents may not have been indexed under all the conditions that could apply to them. We found this approach useful for spotting working code examples. In this case  , we can use a conditional joint density function as the likelihood function. Then  , titles from the same PDFs were extracted with a Support Vector Machine from Cite- Seer 1 to compare results. In 18  , convolutional layers are employed directly from the embedded word sequence  , where embedded words are pre-trained separately. However  , traditional similarity search may fail to work efficiently within a high-dimensional vector space 33  , which is often the case for many real world information retrieval applications. A  , q as the retrieval status value of annotation A without taking any context into account calculated  , e.g. To give the reader an intuition of how fault-revealing properties can lead users to errors  , Figure 9 provides examples   , from our experiments  , of fault-revealing and nonfault-revealing properties for two faulty versions. The values of learning rates ⌘1 and ⌘2 are set as constant 0.05 in the experiments. If a PN is a valid model of an FMS  , the scheduling problem may be translated into a search problem of finding a desired path with the lowest cost makespan in a graph structure that is the PN reachability tree Murata 1989. Table IIshows the comparison of the results obtained using single-modal features. The second step consists of an optimization and translation phase. Thus  , we utilize LSH to increase such probability. The former is a more reliable source although mistakes/typos from the authors can occur while the latter relies heavily on the performance of regular expression matching to identify URLs. If the glb values of the conjunct are already available in the semantic index  , they are directly retrieved. df w is the number of documents that contain the term w. |d| is the length of document d. avdl is the average document length. , 2 messages per search in practice  , for all the RF'* dgorithms. Clearly  , the elimination of function from the path length of high traffic interactions is a possible optimization strategy. Thus we propose to solve this problem by an iterative method  , conceptually similar to the one described by Besl 5  , which combines data classification and model fitting. 1 . , 2010  , and further  , they can be efficiently trained on massive corpora. It is easy to note that when ς=0  , then the objective function is the temporally regularized log likelihood as in equation 5. where the parameter ς controls the balance between the likelihood using the multinomial theme model and the smoothness of theme distributions over the participant graph. This can be achieved by extending the basic PLSA to incorporate a conjugate prior defined based on the target paper's abstract and using the Maximum A Posterior MAP estimator . Such violation can occur because presence of an appropriate order on relations can help reduce the cost of a subsequent sort-merge join since the sorting phase is not required. , we merged collections of English  , French  , German  , and Italian documents into a single multilingual data collection  , and indexed the multilingual collection. The working version belongs therefore to the programmer private  , who is capable of modifying it unprotected . The cases where the difference is significant are marked with an asterisk sign in Table 2. Two similarity functions are defined to weight the relationships in MKN. Typical cross reactions between similar patterns are actually desired and illustrate a certain tolerance for inexact matching. On the other hand  , the relevance graph shows that here the semantic search gives high ranks to the relevant documents. , result merging  , where best performing systems in selected categories e.g. The early search tasks were either classical ad hoc search or high-precision search  , but following trends on the web  , recent TREC Web evaluations have focused on known-item search and topic distillation. That is  , starting from the root pages of the selected sites we followed links in a breadth-first search  , up to 3 ,000 pages per site. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate passages and a list of named entities are extracted as answer candidate. Web mash-ups have explored the potential for combining information from multiple sources on the web. Our sort testbed is able to generate temporally skewed input based on the above model. We then calculate the Shannon Entropy Shannon et al. The complexity of the planner is exponential on the number of joints  , and is of the order of Mn2nu   , where A4 is the discretization of the rectangular grid. For the purposes of this example we assume that there is a need to test code changes in the optimization rules framework. This hill-climbing search was conducted on COCOMO II data divided into pre-and post-1990 projects. Cho and Rajagopalan build a multigram index over a corpus to support fast regular expression matching 9 . Specifically  , a sentence consisting of a mentioned location set and a term set is rated in terms of the geographic relevance to location and the semantic relevance to tag   , as   , where Then  , given a representative tag   , we generate its corresponding snippets by ranking all the sentences in the travelogue collection according to the query " " . Mondial 18 is a geographical database derived from the CIA Factbook. The solutions found by these two methods differ  , however  , in terms of RMS error versus the true trace  , both produce equally accurate traces. The topological map stores only relative information in edges while the metric map contains location of nodes with respect to the specified origin. As described in the preceding  , H p is the set of minimal DFAs accepting the regular expression guards of the various roles of different transactions played by class p. Note that the maximum number of behavioral partitions does not depend on the number of objects in a class. PROOF: By reduction from the problem of deciding whether a regular expression does not denote 0'  , which is shown to be NP-complete in StMe731. The required cost matrix is generated for symbolic as also for object-oriented representations of terrains. We mainly focus on matching similar shapes. The RL system is in control of the robot  , and learning progresses as in the standard Q-learning framework. These query groups arc listed in Figure" tcnthoustup " relations  , all ol' the nested loops metllods lost to the sort-merge methods cvcn though the SOI-TV merge methods must sort these large relations. Map-Reduce is essentially a distributed grep-sort-aggregate or  , in database terminology   , a distributed execution engine for select-project via sequential scan  , followed by hash partitioning and sort-merge group-by. 2-4; ||·|| indicate the 2- norm of the model parameters and λ is the regularization rate. In both cases  , concave and convex transition gait are performed sequentially. The force measurements at the wing base consist of gravitational  , inertial and aerodynamic components. planner. However  , there are geometric constraints such as a minimum width of the links in order provide sufficient torque from the SMP to actuate self-folding of such devices. They are chosen by the dynamic programming so as to minimize steps of the robot from the current position to the destination. The specification /abc|xyz/ is a regular expression representing the set of strings {abc  , xyz}. We also note that the method for personality prediction using text reports a Pearson correlation of r => .3 for all five traits. All the embedding vectors are finally normalized by setting || w||2 = 1. 'Sponsored search' describes additional 'results' that are often shown beside the organic results. To our best knowledge  , the containment of nested XQuery has so far been studied only in 9  , 18  , and 10. For example  , the pattern language for Java names allows glob-style wildcards  , with " * " matching a letter sequence and "  ? " The technique works by augmenting the existing observational data with unobserved  , latent variables that can be used to incrementally improve the model estimate. To obtain these values  , we apply a procedure for identifying the threshold values that lead to the highest classification accuracy from a particular training set. Because the small programs apparently contained no errors  , the comparison was in terms of coverage or rate of mutant killing 21  , not in terms of true error detection  , which is the best measure to evaluate test input generation techniques. And this doesn't even consider the considerable challenges of optimizing XQuery queries! This significantly limits its application to many real-world image retrieval tasks 40  , 18  , where images are often analyzed by a variety of feature descriptors and are measured by a wide class of diverse similarity functions. with match probability S as per equation 1  , the likelihood function becomes a binomial distribution with parameters n and S. If M m  , n is the random variable denoting m matches out of n hash bit comparisons  , then the likelihood function will be: Let us denote the similarity simx  , y as the random variable S. Since we are counting the number of matches m out of n hash comparison  , and the hash comparisons are i.i.d. The goal of this paper is to combine the strengths of all three approaches modularly  , in the sense that each step can be optimized independently. There are only two parameters to tune in random forests: T   , the number of trees to grow  , and m  , the number of features to consider when splitting each node. By traversing elements from the root element to elements with atomic data  , we obtain large 1-paths  , large 2-paths  , and so on  , until large n-paths. Simdi  , dj ≤ min||di||∞||dj||1  , ||dj||∞||di||1 < τ. The GBRT reranker is by far the best  , improving by over 33% the precision of UDMQ  , which achieved the highest accuracy among all search engines participating in the MQ09 competition. Unlike what we did for thresholded and thresholded condensed  , for the simple and condensed variants we only use the test Figure 5: Pearson correlation between uUBM in di↵erent variants and interleaving signal . The The similarity degree between two patterns is calculated using the cosine similarity function that measures the angle between participating vectors. Each rule is represented by a regular expression  , and to the usual set of operators we added the operator →  , simple transduction  , such that a → b means that the terminal symbol a is transformed into the terminal symbol b. Unsupervised topic modeling has been an area of active research since the PLSA method was proposed in 17 as a probabilistic variant of the LSA method 9  , the approach widely used in information retrieval to perform dimensionality reduction of documents. We can therefore define the notion of a strand  , which is a set of substrings that share one same matching pattern. Figure 5shows the DAG that results from binary scoring assuming independent predicate scoring for the idf scores of the query in Figure 3. Let us mathematically formulate the problem of multi-objective optimization in database retrieval and then consider typical sample applications for information systems: Multi-objective Retrieval: Given a database between price  , efficiency and quality of certain products have to be assessed  Personal preferences of users requesting a Web service for a complex task have to be evaluated to select most appropriate services Also in the field of databases and query optimization such optimization problems often occur like in 22 for the choice of query plans given different execution costs and latencies or in 19 for choosing data sources with optimized information quality. One motivation for modeling time-varying links is the identification of influential relationships in the data. We can thus ob-tain a closed representation for each frequency band by performing a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT  , resulting in a set of 256 coefficients for the respective sine and cosine parts. An obvious limitation of this presentation is a lack of context for a sentence matching a query. As Fuhr and Großjohann 6  note  , however  , such functionality requires operators for relevance-weighted search in place of boolean ones  , as well as DTD-specific information on what constitutes the relevant fragment of markup containing each search hit identified above with #. Basic pattern matching now considers quadruples and it annotates variable assignments from basic matches with atomic statements from S and variable assignments from complex matches with Boolean formulae F ∈ F over S . Whereas query engines for in-memory models are native and  , thus  , require native optimization techniques  , for triple stores with RDBMS back-end  , SPARQL queries are translated into SQL queries which are optimized by the RDBMS. The results could he dismissed as merely another example of over-fitting  , except that the type of over-fitting is highly specific  , and occurs due to confounding controllable mechanisms with the uncontrollable environment. Right-hand truncation of search terms is also enabled by default. However  , Group which groups by c custkey requires its input be grouped by this attribute c custkey G . We apply DBSCAN to generate the baseclusters using a parameter setting as suggested in 8 and as refinement method with paramter settings for ε and minpts as proposed in Section 3.4. Over the past decade  , the Web has grown exponentially in size. , CFDs only apply to those tuples that precisely match a pattern tuple  , which does not contain null. Furthermore  , the rules discovered can be used for querying database knowledge  , cooperative query answering and semantic query optimization. 1for an example spectrogram. Another nice property is that it makes results reproducible. In more recent systems  , Lucene  , a high-performance text retrieval library  , is often deployed for more sophisticated index and searching capability. Thus  , t o compute a stick model of an object  , we first thin the range image of the object  , and then compute a stick description in a manner analogous t o that for fitting superquadrics. For instance  , younger users tend to click less frequently on results returned to them about persons older than them. b With the learned mapping matrices W q and W v   , queries and images are projected into this latent subspace and then the distance in the latent subspace is directly taken as the relevance of query-image. In the end  , 30 identifiers 9.6% reached the ultimate goal and were identified as a semantic concept on Wikidata. Character recognition is conducted using template matching. Topic model performance is often measured by perplexity of test data as a function of statistical word frequencies  , ignoring word order. Using the enumeration tree as shown in Figure 2  , we can describe recent approaches to the problem of mining MFI. So he has there by advanced information theory remarkably . The CLIR model described in 5 is based on the following decomposition: For application in a CLIR system  , pairs from classes 1 through 4 are likely to help for extracting good terms. In information retrieval  , many statistical methods 3 8 9 have been proposed for effectively finding the relationship between terms in the space of user queries and those in the space of documents. Tries to prove the current formula with automatic induction. This experiment compares the Pearson Correlation Coefficient approach using our weighting scheme to the other three methods: the Vector Similarity VS method  , the Aspect Model AM approach  , and the Personality Diagnosis PD method. The input sources include data from lexico-syntactical pattern matching  , head matching and subsumption heuristics applied to domain text. We repeated published experiments on a well-known dataset. system  , with rules maximizing recall  , 2 Pass the grammar annotated data through an ML system based on Carreras  , X. et al  , 2003  , and 3 In the spirit of Mikheev  , A. et al  , 1998 perform partial matching on the text. The generated predicate becomes two kinds of the following. The joint probability on the words  , classes and the latent variables in one document is thus given by:  different proportion of the topics  , and different topics govern dissimilar word occurrences  , embedding the correlation among different words. Please note that we build a global classifier with all training instances instead of building a local classifier for each entity for simplicity. Experiment Setup. Results indicate  , not surprisingly perhaps  , that standard crosswalking can be successful if different standard-issuing agencies base their standard writing on a common source and/or a Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Figures 6 and 7 show that with 10 MIPS CPU  , these queries using the sort-merge join method are I/O bound. Word embedding techniques seek to embed representations of words. Search engines are widely used tool for querying unstructured data  , but there is a growing interest in incorporating structured information behind the "simple" search interface. These motivated the use of document cache to improve the latency. By using feature-level correlation of a query rather than exact words and its corresponding representations  , the proposed approach provides a new perspective to model intentions   , which differentiates itself from previous text classification tasks in essence. But performance is a problem if dimensionality is high. There are other ways of improving performance of query optimizers  , and research efforts also need to be directed towards better modeling of random events  , underlying database organization and compile time eventsll. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. To build a machine learning based quality predictor  , we need training samples. In addition  , whereas KL is infinite given extreme probabilities e.g. A hidden unit is said to be active or firing if it's output is close to 1 and inactive if it's output is close to 0. Consequently  , our approach performs probable answer detection and extraction by applying syntactic pattern-matching techniques over relevant paragraphs. The individual right that the teacher Martin holds  , allowing him to reproduce an excerpt of the musical piece during a lesson  , is derived from the successful matching between the instances describing the intended action and the instances describing the pattern. Results of query " graph pattern " with terms-based matching and different rankings: 1 Semantic richness  , 2 Recency. In Section 2  , we relate our contribution to previous work in motion planning. An interesting application of relational similarity in information retrieval is to search using implicitly stated analogies 21  , 37. Much of the research conducted in this area has focused on supporting more effective cross-language information retrieval CLIR. The above sample distribution illustrates the number of documents from the sample of un-retrieved documents that had a similarity to the merged feature vector of the top 2000 retrieved results. These modifications are very simple but are not presented here due to space limitations. use dynamic time warping with a cost function based on the log-likelihood of the sequence in question. Then  , a support vector machine 32 is used to compute the relevance score of these sections 2 Note  , this is different from HTML frames. The display may be used in text mode or graphics mode by direct access to video memory by using SVGA-lib. In Section 2.1  , we study the tag-tag text similarity matrix by Latent Semantic Indexing 1 on tag occurrence. Omohundro 1987 proposed that the first experience found in tlie k-d tree search should be used instead  , as it is probably close enough. Section 5 reviews previous work on index structures for object-oriented data bases. This indicates the higher effectiveness of CLQS in related term identification by leveraging a wide spectrum of resources. In the random subspace approach of Ho  , exactly half n/2 of the attributes were chosen each time. Furthermore   , the final result of the search is better than that of Smart Hill-Climbing with LHS. This suggests that head-up-down correlates with arousal. These findings attest to the redundancy of feature functions when employing ClustMRF for the non-ClueWeb settings and to the lack thereof in the ClueWeb settings. Among the search strategies vided by Crest  , we chose the random branch strategy. Note that at epoch n  , only the new reviews Dn and the current statistics φ n−1 are used to update the S-PLSA + parameters  , and the set of reviews Dn are discarded after new parameter values φ n are obtained  , which results in significant savings in computational resources. If a DataGuide is to be useful for query formulation and especially optimization  , we must keep it consistent when the source database changes. This explains why nodes with regular tags that represent multiple coalesced nodes of the original path tree need to retain both the total frequency and the number of nodes they represent. A site entry page may have multiple equivalent URLs. In the memorybased systems 9 we calculate the similarity between all users  , based on their ratings of items using some heuristic measure such as the cosine similarity or the Pearson correlation score. A typical approach is the user-word aspect model applied by Qu et al. The danger in the tabular approach is that it opens the search space further  , but the generality is worth the risk. If the programming language into which the constructs are embedded has dynamic arrays  , the size of the program buffer can be redefined at Proceedings of the Tenth International The constructs can be generalized to dynamic and n-dimensional arrays. In order to evaluate the effect of adding word embeddings  , we introduce two extensions to the baselines that use the embedding features: Embedding  , Single that uses a single embedding for every document F c e features  , and Embedding  , POS that maintains different embeddings for common nouns  , proper nouns and verbs F p e features; see Section 3.1 for details. Therefore  , the system works in stages: it ranks all sentences using centroid-based ranking and soft pattern matching  , and takes the top ranked sentences as candidate definition sentences. The organization of this paper is described as follows . To explore the impact of spelling normalization and Arabic stemming on CLIR  , we have compared three versions of bilingual lexicon creation for term translation. Roughly speaking  , overall classification accuracy climbs up to 80.15% when all features are adopted. Wang et al 41 have presented an approach called Positive-Only Relation Extraction PORE. Using pattern matching for NE recognition requires the development of patterns over multi-faceted structures that consider many different token properties e.g orthography  , morphology  , part of speech information etc. The regular expression specifies the characters that can be included in a valid token. User search interests can be captured for improving ranking or personalization of search systems 30  , 34  , 36 . Based on Word2Vec 6  , Doc2Vec produces a word embedding vector  , given a sentence or document. The sequence length here is that the average number of iterations per calculation is indeed quite close to 1. , the probability of the ads displayed for query q to be clicked can be written as: The error rate of a random forest depends on two factors: the correlation between trees in the forest and the strength of each individual tree. A particular classifier configuration can be evaluated over a set of over 10000 images with several lights per image by a few hundred computers in under a second. Figures 5 and 6 show screen shots of advanced search and the search result page respectively. That is  , upon disconnection  , the preDisconnect method in the Accounts complet looks up for a customer account that matches the currently visited customer  , and if found  , sets its priority to High  , thereby increasing the likelihood of cloning that complet. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS I am grateful to my supervisor Kalervo J~velin  , and to the FIRE group: Heikki Keskustalo  , Jaana Kekiilainen  , and others. Ganguly et al 14 employed similarity between word embedding vectors within a translation model for LMIR as means to overcome the lexical gap between queries and documents   , where it outperformed a language model extended with latent topics. In developing techniques for CLTC  , we want to keep in mind the lessons learned in CLIR. Recently  , though  , it has been proved that considering sequences of terms that form query concepts is beneficial for retrieval 6. Note the achieved MAP values can be further improved. Formally  , software evolution is defined as " …the dynamic behavior of programming systems as they are maintained and enhanced over their life times " 3. Good curve fitting results are achieved with R square of 0.869 in the priority job model and with R squire of 0.889 in the regular job model. On this corpus  , we target at two entity types: phone and email. i demographics and expertise ii search tasks iii search functionality and iv open ended questions on search system requirements. Max-Miner 2 uses a heuristic bottom-up search to identify frequent patterns as early as possible. The task in the CLIR track is an ad hoc retrieval task in which the documents are in one language and the topics are in a different language. Moreover  , such specifications allow for replacement of sensors and dynamic reconfiguration by simply having the selecfor send messages to different objects. This prevents a sort consisting of many runs from taking too much sort space for merge buffers. For an n clof manipulator  , the search space is exponential in n  , resulting in n * X states for a discretization x. The key observation when considering stop-&-go operators  , such as sorting used in aggregations  , merge joins  , etc. classification tree is easier to understand than  , say  , a random forest. Each pattern matching step either involves the use of regular expressions or an external dictionary such as a dictionary of person names or product names. GERBIL abides by a service-oriented architecture driven by the model-view-controller pattern see Figure 1. In this paper we will use the GIST descriptor to represent a calligraphic character image. This indicates that the folding approach benefits from its strong mechanism to automatically and dynamically select a proper number of clusters. This will enable users to find and contribute to the best threads  , as well as provide the search users with the most useful other users with whom they could interact  , become friends and develop meaningful communications. Each word type is associated with its own embedding. By using the proposed model  , the trajectory of the robot system can be algebraically obtained when an arbitrary cloth configuration is given. The most expensive lists to look at will be the ones dropped because of optimization. Lack of Strategies for Applying Possibly Overlapping Optimization Techniques. That means  , the weight of an edge between two objects X is equal to the correlation of these objects. As we shall discuss  , this Web service is only usable for specific goal instances – namely those that specify a city wherein the best restaurant in French. Sometimes such expressions are written identically in different languages and no translation is needed. In the cast of sort-merge joins  , queries could hc divided into small  , medium and large classes hascd on the size of the memory needed for sorting the relations. Third  , we were interested in how the different systems took advantage of secondary indices on joining attributes   , when these were available. Search procedure: To find an orienting plan  , we perform a breadth-first search of an AND/OR tree lS . Whereas a lexical search typically results in a user sequentially visiting each result in the text  , the results of a regular expression search on a DPRG are a graph that presents the information separately from its structure in the document. Our contributions are as follows: We pose bid phrase recommendation as a multi-label learning problem with ten million labels. We developed a novel multi-label random forest classifier with prediction costs that are logarithmic in the number of labels while avoiding feature and label space compression. This similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation coefficient between their term weight vectors unlike the rating vectors described in Section 3.2.1. The first column contains the collection names from ten university libraries. Another useful search option is offered by video OCR. For example RF_all_13_13 stands for Random Forest using all features  , trained on 2013 and applied on 2013 9 . We believe that our approach is more realistic in the long run. The result of unsupervised pattern learning through PRF is a set of soft patterns as presented in Section 2 Step 3a. Quicksort produces runs that ;Irc as large as the memory that is allocated for the split phase. A T-Regular Expression is a regular expression over a triple pattern or an extended regular expression of the form  The proposed method can find the equivalents of the query term across the scripts; the original query is then expanded using the thus found equivalents. We decide to set γ to a fixed value that generates reasonable diversification results  , using γ = 10 in all our experiments. We set out to address two questions. Since we are dealing with sparse depth data  , it is further desirable to have as large segments as possible -otherwise model fitting becomes impracticable due to lack of data inside segments. In particular  , we describe three optimization techniques that exploit text-centric actions that IE programs often execute. In future work we plan to try this approach for document translation where we would expect greater benefit from context  , although with higher computational cost  , at least in experimental settings. For some search sessions  , the fact of switching can be easily detected  , for instance via a web browser maintained by a search engine  , a browser toolbar or search logs e.g. The basic criteria for the applicability of dynamic programming to optimization problems is that the restriction of an optimal solution to a subsequence of the data has to be an optimal solution to that subsequence. When more than one task is returned from the procedural knowledge base  , we need to determine which task is the best fit for the user's search intent. The bottom-up approach can be understood by the following signature of the Optimizer method. System B scored best when respondents reacted to the third statement  , about search outcome 24-score mean: 1.46  , and scored almost as well on the first statement 24score mean: 1.50. A large number of particles are needed to maintain a fair representation of the aposteriori distribution  , and this number grows exponentially with the size of the model's configuration space 5. Returning to the scenario described in Section 5  , the designer of the railroad system identified the stack and the queue models as potentially reusable and stored them in the repository as described in the Section 5.1. In order to print matches and present the results in root-to-leaf order  , we extended the mechanism proposed by 5. This information  , however  , is not available in DFS. The simulator works by artificially generating all possible sensorial input that a robot can face in its working season and the response of each evolving controller is tested for all these situations and fitness is increased each time the response is correct. The SWORDS platform developed by Foster-Miller is already at work in Iraq and Afghanistan and is fully capable of carrying lethal weaponry M240 or M249 machine guns  , or a Barrett .50 Caliber rifle. In particular  , in these experiments we generated randomly 200 collections using Dublin Core fields. Random search in such a space is hopeless. It is probable  , however  , that this problem cannot be solved without performing time-consuming experimental rese~irch aimed at defining the influence on the size of retrieval system atoms of the variation of frequency of occurrence of index terms  , of the co-occurrence of index terms  , of the variation of the frequency of co-occurrence of index terms  , of the existence of semantic relations  , etc. The techniques discussed in this paper can be used for dramatically improving the search quality as well as search efficiency. Another important operation that is supported is contentbased similarity retrieval. None of the participants looked through more than a couple of search result pages. The current Web is largely document-centric hypertext. Each attempt involves a similarity computation; thus the number of attempts rather than steps determines the cost of search. We generate 20 randomly seeded synthetic graphs from each model for each target graph  , and measure the differences between them using several popular graph metrics. Unlike gradient descent  , in SGD  , the global objective function L D θ is not accessible during the stochastic search. The preponderance of diagonal path lines is due to the search being 8-connected  , and being breadth-first. We have used the Google N-grams collection 6   , taking the frequency of words from the English One Million collection of Google books from years 1999 to 2009. For dynamic programming  , we extended ideas presented by entries in the 2001 ICFP programming competition to a real-world markup language and dealt with all the pitfalls of this more complicated language. Recently  , it has been shown that the problem of semantic text matching can be efficiently tackled using distributional word matching   , where a large number of lexical semantic resources are used for matching questions with a candidate answer 33. by human experts may not be consistent with actual queries used by users  , which may affect the search quality for the search engine. It is instructive to formulate an expression for the upper bound on search repository quality. Our aim is to see how much improvement can be achieved using proximity information alone without the need for query-specific opinion-lexicon. Each finger but the thumb is assumed to be a planar manipulator. The simple search resembles a Google-type search  , and is designed to provide an easy entry into the service. Frequently  , it is based on the Pearson correlation coefficient. where Iij is an indicator whose value is 1 when consumer i purchased good j in the dataset  , and 0 otherwise. For now we will only focus on the status of the 8-item list after the k-merge phases lists below dashed horizontal phase separators. When the user types characters in the search engine's search box  , the browser sends the user's input along with the cookie to the search engine. However  , developers have to write these pattern specifications as an overlay on the underlying code. We extracted " browse → search " patterns from all sessions in the user browsing behavior data. This function can be easily integrated in the query optimization algorisms Kobayashi 19811. Due to the space limitations  , the details are omitted here. Query mix -Each index structure was tested in a " normal " update environment by performing a mix of inserts  , searches  , and deletes. In the Collocation matching activity  , students compete in pairs to match parts of a collocation pattern. To validate the above strategy  , we collect two groups of more than 140K samples from the search API  , users whose name match popular and unpopular < 1000 users surnames   , in Sep 2012. It assumes that each word is either drawn from a universal background topic or from a location and time dependent language model. Considering the Random Forest based approaches we vary the number of trees ranging from 10 to 1000. , regular expressions in the WHERE clause of the general FORSEQ expression. Of course  , in this example DBSCAN itself could have found the two clusters. 21  which performs joint topic and sentiment modeling of collections . Typical state lattice planners for static domains are implemented using a best-first search over the graph such as A* or D*-lite. Are users highly focused i.e. Another approach for similarity search can be summarized as a subgraph isomorphism problem. In this case  , the query is divided into three different sub-queries. 7 If we consider all changes it ranges from 1.2% Robotics Control and Automation to 7.8% Computational Biology . To better understand the motion of figured mechanisms and machines DMG-Lib can animate selected figures within e-books. Finally we discuss some interesting insights about the user behavior on both platforms. Our proposal can manifest at Web scale and is suitable for every PIM system or catalog management software that can create BMEcat XML product data  , which holds for about 82% of all of such software systems that we are aware of  , as surveyed in 17. a feature that is supported by all major regular expression implementations and a posteriori checking for empty groups can be used to identify where i.e. We evaluated the results of our individual similarity measures and found some special characteristics of the measures when applied to our specific data. In particular   , the experiments concerned the induction and performance evaluation of rules for the identification of the class of a document  , according to its logical components organized in a logical structure. Our approach to CLIR takes advantage of machine translation MT to prepare a source-language query for use in a target-language retrieval task. If many output tuples am generated  , the Hash Loop Join will perform better. However its phrasing significantly differs from the phrasing of the other two {b  , d}. If the size of d is p the number of alternatives then after n steps there are pn possible target configurations  , so the search space is exponential. Query translation approaches for cross-language information retrieval CLIR can be pursued either by applying a machine translation MT system or by using a token-to-token bilingual mapping. Therefore  , our push-boxto-goal task is made to involve following three suhtask; A the robot needs to find the potential boxsearchTarget1 and approach to the boxapproach Also  , the robot needs to find the pathway to the goalsearchTarget2. The search engine then returns a ranked list of documents. The expansion terms and the original query terms were re-weighted. are used in the subsequent M-step to maximize the likelihood function over the true parameters λ and µ. Our focus in this work is on evaluating search engines as they are used in practice. To our best knowledge  , we are among the first to adopt visual saliency information in predicting search examination behavior. We can see that subsets having larger coverage are searched first in this case. The system overview is shown in Fig.2. That is  , the user clicks that the search engine observes is not based on the topic-driven random surfer model; instead the user's clicks are heavily affected by the rankings of search results. In general  , a likelihood function is a function which is used to measure the goodness of fit of a statistical model to actual data. Third  , we import paper collections from other repositories such as arXiv and PubMed to incorporate papers from a breadth of disciplines. In traditional approaches users provide manual assessments of relevance  , or semantic similarity. By contrast to 5  , which uses MCMC to obtain samples from the model posterior  , we utilize L-BFGS 18 to directly maximize the model log-probability. This allows the model to consider a wider range of dependencies to reduce bias while limiting potential increases in variance and promises to unleash the full power of statistical relational models. As mentioned earlier  , since these URLs  , e.g. However  , if all violations go through a small set of nodes that are not encountered on the early selected paths or these nodes get stuck on the bottom of the worklist  , then it may be worse than breadth first search. The method is named SMA-FC  , and it performs a number of scans of the database equals to the number of states of the given regular expression. The overflow is low and as a consequence of this  , exhaustive search is nearly as good as the exhaustive search of the sequential signatums. We begin by restricting our consideration of possible renderers to documents. Since pQ is constant for all documents Di given a specific query Q  , it does not affect the ranking of the documents and can be safely removed from the scoring function . Such designs are quite important and relevant when placed in the context of emerging multi-core architectures see Section 4.3. Moreover  , the fiction loss is very small due to the direct wire insertion from each unit to the ann  , which requires no wire folding  , and also the number of degrees of freedom can be easily increased thanks to the unit-type structure. In practice  , DC thrashing is probably infrequent because the limitation of the DMP acts as a load control method. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. This suggests that a generally more reliable group is more likely to be reliable on a particular object. Similarity search has been touted as an effective approach to find relevant images in a multimedia document collection . If p is a border object  , no objects are density-reachablefromp and p is assigned to the noise. The weights tried were: w = 1 no upweighting  , w = 5  , and w = 6. where q 0 is the original query and α is an interpolation parameter. Finally we will give a description of some experimental results. Since coverage tends to increase with sequence length  , the DFS strategy likely finds a higher coverage sequence faster than the breadth-first search BFS. For instance  , the GNU Standard C++ Library implements its basic stable sorting function using insertion-sort for small sequences  , and merge-sort for the general case. When the source relation is large relative to the available memory  , the database system may not be able to allocate enough buffers to a sort operator for it to merge all of its runs in a single step. In QALD-3 a multilingual task has been introduced  , and since QALD-4 the hybrid task is included. Compared to these methods   , ARROW mainly differentiates itself by detecting a different attack a.k.a  , drive-by download. Another limitation is that spec methods cannot be recursive. The information-theoretic measures commonly used to evaluate rule interestingness are the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , the average mutual information 12 often simply called mutual information  , the Theil uncertainty coefficient 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12 cf. The average width and height of the facets generated by the three methods were about the same  , except that random-occasionally chose some much wider facets. As mentioned earlier  , a 3D-NDT model can be viewed as a probability density function  , signifying the likelihood of observing a point in space  , belonging to an object surface as in 4 We believe that our results can guide implementors of search engines  , making it clear what scoring functions may make it hard for a client meta-broker to merge information properly  , and making it clear how much the meta-broker needs to know about the scoring function. The set of definitions is kept in data base for providing this possibility. Second  , some verticals have a search interface through which users directly search for vertical content. Furthermore  , the correlations between different concepts have not been fully exploited in previous research. Hence  , it helped improve precision-oriented effectiveness. The Shannon entropy of the variable a is: The solution presented in this paper addresses these concerns. Despite this progress in the development of formal retrieval models  , good empirical performance rarely comes directly from a theoretically well-motivated model; rather  , Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. , as the product of the probabilities of the single observations   , which are functions of the covariates whose values are known in the observations and the coefficients which are the unknowns. Case-by-case means that the written permission is examined on case-by-case basis and N/A means that it is not applicable. We argue that considering a latent semantic model's score only is not enough to determine its effectiveness in search  , and all potentially useful information captured by the model should be considered . This will be published in the near future. The expression E is then evaluated to determine whether or not a data flow anomaly exists. These motifs co-occur together very often. The funding model to support this evolution  , however  , is not yet established. The cost increase for larger values of N are due to the N-dependence of the final merge phase of the sort; for N = 1  , only the first page of each run is read  , while for N = 100 ,000 all pages of all runs are read and merged. structural similarity and keyword search use IR techniques. Standard languages for interactive text retrieval include pattern-matching constructs such as wild characters and other forms of partial specification of query terms 1121. This is because that using the LSH-based method for similarity searching greatly reduced the time of  was about 0.004 second in our experiment  , which is very time-consuming in Yu's because it calculate the skeleton similarity between the input calligraphic character and all the candidates in the huge CCD. However in MIND  , we do not rely on such information being present. The uncertainty in the localization is estimated in terms of both the variance of the estimated positions and the probability that a qualitative failure has occurred. Further investigation is needed to take full advantage of the prior information provided by term weighting schemes. Both methods share the problem of too much generality since the pro- grammer can write anything into the loop or the function body; this severely limits query optimization. We may justify why dynamic programming is the right choice for small-space computation by comparing dynamic programming to power iteration over the graph of Fig. For EN→DE  , MAP is even slightly higher  , due to hyphenated compounds in the German translation of recovered topics  , i.e. These cases yield a high precision up to almost maximum recall. The learning system is applied t o a very dynamic control problem in simulation and desirable abilities have been shown. It may be worth to point out  , however  , that prior research has suggested employing B-tree structures even for somewhat surprising purposes  , e.g. All results  , in the form of question  , docid  pairs were automatically scored using NIST-supplied scripts designed to simulate human judgments with regular expression patterns. The goal of Knowledge Acquisition KA is to develop methods and tools that make the arduous task of capturing and validating an expert's knowledge as efficient and effective as possible. Recall that the mean of a set of points in R n is the point that minimizes the sum of squared residuals . Students and professionals were treated separately. Next  , we propose models for representating researcher profiles and computing similarity with these representations Section 2. These models utilize the bilingual compositional vector model biCVM of 9 to train a retrieval system based on a bilingual autoencoder. The photographs are transformed from spatial domain to frequency domain by a Fast Fourier Transform  , and the pixels whose values surpass a threshold are considered as sharp pixels we use a threshold value of 2  , following 4. Schema matching techniques have also been used to identify the semantic types of columns by comparing them with labeled columns 10 . Thus pipelined and setoriented strategies have similar complexity on a DBGraph. Large number of items  , that do not fit into the total space provided by the local stores of the participating SPEs  , are sorted using a three-tiered approach. When the user releases the mouse from their dragging operation   , the selected action Firstname folding in this case is applied  , and any items that are now identical in name are moved next to one another. A hash index on Pub1isher.paddre.w can be exploited by an index semijoin in the bypass plan as well as in the DNF-based plan  , but not in the CNF-based plan. The combination of our approach with the MT system leads to a high effectiveness of 105% of that of monolingual IR. Prediction quality measured using Pearson correlation serves as the optimization criterion in the learning phase. This experiment used three kinds of index  , 1 Dissimilarity: the cost of search using index structures chosen by the dissimilarity function. V ERT G inherits all the advantages of VERT  , including the efficiency in matching complex query pattern. However  , it should be stressed that MT and IR have widely divergent concerns. The heuristic strategy is first attempted between the original start and the original goal configuration. Pattern matching is simple to manipulate results and implement. The evolution of the likelihood function Lθm with respect to the signal source location x s after n samples. In other cases  , the LIWC categories were different enough from the dataset that model chose not to use topics with ill-fitting priors  , e.g. Predicate buffer and output buffer: The derivation of the function Out-Buffers is similar to that of Results  , and the derivation of Pred-Buffers is straightforward. We base our recommendation procedure on this hypothesis and propose an approach in two steps: 1 for every D S   , we identify a cluster 2 of datasets that share schema concepts with D S and 2 we rank the datasets in each cluster with respect to their relevance to D S . Patent analysts perform a number of difficult and challenging search tasks such as Novelty search or Infringement search 2 and rely upon sophisticated search functionality  , tools  , and specialised products 1. For each regular expression in RT  we construct the corresponding nondeterministic finite automaton NDFA using Thomson's construction 13. Set of intervals is formed by taking all pairs of split points. K- Means will tend to group sequences with similar sets of events into the same cluster. This first segmentation may contain some errors  , e.g. As in 10   , we used two kinds of correlations: Pearson and Spearman. We also use the Suc@k which means that percentage of queries for which at least one relevance result is ranked up to position k including k. By allowing models to be written declaratively or imperatively using simple data types as well as relations  , the programmer can concentrate more on writing the model and less on struggling with the limited expressiveness of the tool. In this way  , after two optimization calls we obtain both the best hypothetical plan when all possible indexes are present and the best " executable " plan that only uses available indexes. This approach supports the efficient insertion of data  , but penalizes queries significantly  , as a query has too look up all N*K component trees. Each tree is composed of internal nodes and leaves. We propagate the M ik = 1 entries as-is in W s   , but importantly  , set all M ik = 0 entries to a random number r in the range 0  , 1  , instead of 0. We have submitted 6 ranking-based runs. In our first attempt we did a plain full text keyword search for labels and synonyms and created one mapping for the best match if there was one. To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. A self-folding sheet is defined as a crease pattern composed of cuts and folding edges hinges as shown in Fig 3. A shape memory polymer SMP actuator is located along each folding edge of the sheet  , and its fold angle is encoded by the geometry of the rigid material located at the edge. In this section  , we introduce our method in learning topic models from training data collections. is developed1. Using a high-level scripting language as means for monitoring-based layout programming   , adds another dimension of dynamicity. Then we present a probabilistic object-oriented logic for realizing this model  , which uses probabilistic Datalog as inference mechanism. The transfer function frequency bins may further be smoothened through a recursive least square technique. A novel method for CLIR which exploits the structural similarity among MDS-based monolingual projections of a multilingual collection was proposed. Effectively  , students accessed 53 documents from different search results lists and out of these 53  , 16 were among the top 3 documents. Recent IE systems have addressed scalability with weakly supervised methods and bootstrap learning techniques. For all a ∈ Ase  , we write the search engine's Q-function  , which represents the search engine agent's long term reward  , as: Constructing an accurate domain-specific search engine is a hard problem. In reality  , the hopper may be able to store substantial additional energy due to its horizontal motion. N is the number of stochastic gradient descent steps. In this first rule  , X and Y are used as free variables for the pattern matching. As seen in Figure 2   , both probabilistic methods  , i.e. Dynamic programming is used to determine the maximum probability mapping for each of the time series. We choose the dimensionality of our word embeddings to be 50 to be on the line with the deep learning model of 38. Kisilevich et al. In the fields of image recognition and general pattern matching  , geometric similarity measures have been a topic of study for many years 9. An extreme case is that hyperplanes ω 1 ,2 and ω 2 ,3 are almost perpendicular on the definition search data i.e. But in fact  , sort merge join does not need to compare tuples on the traditional '<' operator – any total ordering will do. Tuning λ ≥0 is theoretically justified for reducing model complexity  " the effective degree of freedom "  and avoiding over-fitting on training data 5. is the identity matrix. Concretely   , bitonic sort involves lg m phases  , where each phase consists of a series of bitonic merge procedures. In this section  , we propose a non-parametric probabilistic model to measure context-based and overall relevance between a manuscript and a candidate citation  , for ranking retrieved candidates. The items are then extracted in a table format by parsing the Web page to the discovered regular patterns. The primary ways to invoke the JavaScript interpreter are through script URLs; event handlers  , all of which begin with " on " ; and " <script> " tags. Graefe and Ward 15 focused on determining when re-optimizing a given query that is issued repeatedly is necessary. However  , the effectiveness of such enterprise search systems has significant business implications and even a small improvement can have a positive impact on the organization's business. Table lsummerizes the results. Experiment 5 showed that the common subexpression optimization could reduce query execution time by almost a factor of two. In general  , such a change might make it more difficult to utilize existing  , highly optimized external sort procedures. The broad architecture of the solution is shown in Figure 4. The approach can be characterized as a generalization of an N-way merge sort. gc ,template will not have side-effects on the database  , so the entire computation can be rolled back if desired. Further we conducted the same experiment with two slices removed at a time. The difference is that the thing to be extracted is defined by the expression  , not the component itself. Pose orientation error was determined by measuring Ihe angular deviation of an axis of the model from the known ground truth axis direction. Therefore  , our model disguises a user's true search intents through plausible cover queries such that search engines cannot easily recognize them. Introduction of Learning Method: "a-Learning" Althongh therc are several possible lcarning mcthods that could be used in this system  , we employed the Q-learning method 6. Vectors with three components are completed with zero values. Appropriate labels must be given for input boxes and placed above or to the left of the input boxes. We present three topic models for simultaneously modeling papers  , authors  , and publication venues. 2 Hierarchical tree structure in an overall graph structure: ideal for representing content models. First  , we apply the PLSA method to the candidate images with the given number of topics  , and get the probability of each topic over each image  , P z|I. The novelty of the solution lies in the implementation . As the accuracy of any query optimizer is dependent on the accuracy of its statistics  , for this application we need to accurately estimate both the segment and overall result selectivities. The measured total time for a run includes everything from query optimization until the result set is fully traversed  , but the decoding of the results is not forced. New stress statistics are presented that give both qualitative and quantitative insights into the effectiveness of similarity hashing Subsection 3.1 and 3.2. We submitted two classification runs: RFClassStrict and RFClassLoose. To motivate and ground general discussion of crowdsourcing  , we will focus primarily upon applications to evaluating search accuracy with other examples like blending automation with human computation for hybrid search. 1 Several of the design metrics are ratios and many instances show zero denominators and therefore undefined values. Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. In this study  , we want to learn the weather attributes which are mainly in the form of real numbered values and thus have chosen stacked auto-encoder architecture of deep learning for the purpose. One is based on algebraic simplification of a query and compilr tinlc> heuristics. For the medical track the Search by Strategy framework of Spinque was deployed. We use the most recent 400 examples as hold-out test set  , and gradually add in examples to the training set by batches of size 50  , and train a Random Forest classifier. No instruction was provided on search tactics or vocabulary. Moreover  , a self-organizing map could have been used to analyse the 2D projection instead of the tabular model. , 12  , 6  , and we noticed similar patterns in the abandoned query streams we analyzed. RQ3 Does the representation q 2 of a query q as defined in §3.2.2 provide the means to transfer behavioral information from historical query sessions generated by the query q to new query sessions generated by the query q ? Shannon Entropy is defined as To answer this question  , we calculate the Shannon Entropy of each user from the distribution of categories across their sessions. If the outer query already uses GROUP-BY then the above optimization can not be applied. For convenience  , we work with logarithms: The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. We therefore feel that our monolingual baseline for Chinese is a reasonable one. To fit the three-way DEDICOM model  , one must solve the following minimization problem With a unique solution  , given appropriate data and adequately distinct factors the best fitting axis orientation is somewhat more likely to have explanatory meaning than one determined by  , e.g. Another body of work attempts to address privacy concerns differently. is one regular expression defined for the month symbol. It remains future work to investigate whether and when re-optimization of a query should take place. after query expansion. Currently  , we support two join implementations: We use iterative dynamic programming for optimization considering limitations on access patterns. Finally  , we rank the suggestions based on their similarity with user's profiles. A challenge in any search optimization including ours is deriving statistics about variables used in the model; we have presented a few methods to derive these statistics based on data and statistics that is generally available in search engines. Inter-robot communication allows to exchange various information  , positions  , current status  , future actions   , etc 3  , 16  , 151 and to devise effective cooperation schemes. In addition to having to find a number in the vicinity of " 1 million square miles "   , we also need to account for the fact that the passage may talk about square kilometers  , or acres. We performed experiments to 1 validate our design choices in the physical implementation and 2 to determine whether algebraic optimization techniques could improve performance over more traditional solutions. 'l%c second sorting method  , replacement selection  , works as li~llows: Pages of the source relation are fetched  , and the tuples in these pages arc copied into an ordered heap data structure. Under-specified or ambiguous queries are a common problem for web information retrieval systems 2  , especially when the queries used are often only a few words in length. The system uses it automatically when no operator is specified. In this section  , we present a broad evaluation of Pre- DeCon. They also found that information retrieval systems generally are built according to a single search paradigm  , i.e. It is also important to make sure that people participate the workshops only as long as their input is needed  , in order to minimize the idle time of participants. Recently  , Word Embedding WE has emerged as a more effective word representation than  , among others  , LSA 8  , 9  , 10. In this paper  , however  , the authora use just a fairly small and thus ~ alistic document representation  , made up from 25 &at&t terms taken horn the titles of scientific papers. Therefore  , we can conclude that attribute partitioning is important to a SDS. In the CI Spider study  , subjects believed it was easier to find useful information using CI Spider with a score of 3.97/5.00 than using Lycos domain search 3.33 or manual within-site browsing and searching 3.23. The function COMPUTE ENTROPY evaluates the entropy associated with the histogram of the pixels in the node's area. Index structures in this context hardly use a full literal as key elements for indexing  , but rather apply term based relevance scores and retrieval methods. Patterns for answer extraction are learned from question-answer pairs using the Web as a resource for pattern retrieval. Information theory deals with assessing and defining the amount of information in a message 32 . The stacked autoencoder as our deep learning architecture result in a accuracy of 0.91. It is shown in Fig. Search results often contain duplicate documents  , which contain the same content but have different URLs. Much of policy learning is viewed from the perspective of learning a Q-function. The experimental or hierarchic interface  , depicted in Figure 2and described in Box 1  , grouped the search results based on c ommonality of URL parts sub-domain and path and displayed them in a one level tree. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR systems seek to identify pertinent information in a collection of documents containing material in languages other than the one in which the user articulated her query. The proportion of positive examples in the annotation hierarchy subtask was low  , and for that subtask we experimented with upweighting positive training examples relative to negative ones. Telang et al. In this paper we have combined information extraction  , deductive reasoning and relational machine learning to integrate all sources of available information in a modular way. Figure 2shows the system architecture of CollabSeer. In short  , two nodes are considered as similar if there are many short paths connecting them. Our internal typing rules are predicated on the stronger typing system of XML Schema. We then label every DOM node to be either an insignificant  , inline or line-break node  , based on its tag and position information. We used a Perl expression to find all links on a page  , with a regular expression that matched <a href= .. /a>. The latter can take advantage of both product categorization standards and catalog group structures in order to organize types of products and services and to contribute additional granularity in terms of semantic de- scriptions 19. , if the input string matches the vulnerability signature. Serialization of an XML subtree using the XML_Serialize operator serves as an example. 630 where Φ 1 and Φ 2 are relations representing variable assignments and their annotations. There were 100 trees used in the random forest approach and in the ensemble for the random subspace approach. There are many approaches for doing this search  , the most common approach that is currently used is Viterbi beam search that searches for the best decoding hypothesis with the possibility to prune away the hypotheses with small scores. In this section we will shortly describe the fingerprints and similarity measures widely used in the chemical domain. Nore the similarity in the shapes and relative positions of the curves to those generated by the analytical model  , shown in Figure 1. In order to combine the scores produced by different sources  , the values should be first made comparable across input systems 2  , which usually involves a normalization step 5. Our impiemcntation of paging works as follows: The external sort keeps a copy of the current tuple of each input run in its private work space  , where the tuples are merged. This module computes the classification of an OWL 2 QL TBox T by adopting the technique described in Section 3. to analyze search performance. Question Answering over Linked Data QALD 8 evaluation campaigns aim at developing retrieval methods to answer sophisticated question-like queries. Any truly holistic query optimization approach compromises the extensibility of the system. This approach avoids generation of unwanted sort orders and corresponding plans. Condition 2 Search time ratio: The time of search within each consequent search disc is greater than the time of search within the previous search disc. Each Chinese query was segmented into words using the segmenters as described above  , the Chinese stop words were then removed from each Chinese query. This ranking based objective has shown to be better for recommendation systems 9. Approaches Back-tracking provides a simple recursive method of generating all possible solution vectors. This phase follows a hill climbing strategy   , that is  , in each iteration  , a new partition is computed from the previous one by performing a set of modifications movements of vertices between communities. In Q­ learning the policy is formed by determining a Q-value for each state-action pair. Note that our baseline methods are already significantly better than k-NN and PLSA; thus the improvement due to VarSelect is very significant. We define the parameters of relevant and non-relevant document language model as θR and θN . The benefit is that it is much safer to incrementally add highly informative but strongly correlated features such as exact phrase match  , match with and without stemming  , etc. Google outputs the top results of the Google search engine. Query open doesn't have the query subject. We plan to expand this set of search tools by providing a " beam " search  , a greedy search  , a K-lookahead greedy search  , and variations of the subassembly-guided search. By doing so  , each search engine has a SEIF score  , which is independent with queries or independent with the semantic similarity between query and results . The automatic generation of a 3D paint path has been attempted in the Smartpainter project. The optimal warping path can be found in OnR time by dynamic programming 11. spelling corrections  , related searches  , etc. Our web graph is based on a web crawl that was conducted in a breadth-first-search fashion  , and successfully retrieved 463 ,685 ,607 HTML pages. In routing  , the system uses a query and a list of documents that have been identified as relevant or not relevant to construct a classification rule that ranks unlabeled documents according to their likelihood of relevance. Database systems are being applied to scenarios where features such as text search and similarity scoring on multiple attributes become crucial.  Curvature: In log-log space our data is curved as indicated by the fact that the best fitting distribution  , Zipf-Mandelbrot  , by theory has a curved form in loglog space. In a case where we want half of the participants to be male and half female  , we can adjust weights of the objective optimization function to increase the likelihood that future trial candidates will match the currently underrepresented gender. In representing distributed error conditions  , we make a key assumption: the error must be able to be represented by a fixed-size  , connected sub-ensemble of robots in specific states. A bruce-force enumeration approach to the joint segmentation and curve-fitting problem 3 will have a complexity exponential in T   , the sequence length. From the language perspective  , although many built-in functions are available  , features such as the remaining XQuery language constructs  , remaining XPath axes  , userdefined function library  , user-defined recursive functions  , and many built-in functions and operators can be done in the future. We currently concentrate on system design and integration. Copyright 2007 VLDB Endowment  , ACM 978-1-59593-649-3/07/09. We argue that these parameters should be adjusted more accurately and depend on the purpose target click-metric and market. DBSCAN expands a cluster C as follows. Each template rule specifies a matching pattern and a mode. However  , such structural join approaches often induce large intermediate results which may severely limit the query efficiency. Thus solving the graph search problem in Specifically  , Topic 1 well corresponds to the information retrieval SIGIR community  , Topic 2 is closely related to the data mining KDD community  , Topic 3 covers the machine learning NIPS community  , and Topic 4 well covers the topic that is unique to the conference of WWW. For achieving efficiency and handling a general class of XQuery codes  , we generate executable for a query directly  , instead of decomposing the query at the operator level and interpreting the query plan. In a first step the name is converted to its unique SMILES representation: For each matching SMARTS pattern  , we set the corresponding bit to 1. After the completion of breadth first search  , there are no unknown nodes and each node has a location area. convert operator trees to a bag of 'words' representing individual arguments and operator-argument triples 15. This corresponds to a standard HTML definition of links on pages. This requires segmenting the data into groups and selecting the model most appropriate for each group. In this section  , we study symmetric settings  , and show that we can identify the optimal marketing strategy based on a simple dynamic programming approach. The Arabic topics were used in our monolingual experiments and the English topics in our CLIR experiments. If a text segment matches with a pattern  , then the text segment is identified to contain the relationship associated with the pattern. K to approximate the result of DBSCAN. Each time cgrep returns matching strings  , they are removed from the document representation and the procedure is repeated with the same phrase. We propose that translating pieces of words sequences of n characters in a row  , called character n-grams can be as effective as translating words while conveying additional benefits for CLIR. We found that dynamic programming technique performs relatively well by itself. This is similar to the problem of inferring regular expression structures from examples  , that has been addressed in the machine learning literature e.g. For example  , in our current semantic test-bed developed for open access and use by the Semantic Web research community  , SWETO 3 Semantic Web Technology Evaluation Ontology detailed in 2  , there are over 800 ,000 entities and 1.5 million explicit relationships among them. The # sign denotes arbitrary occurrences of any regular expressions. The same redundancy arises in libraries that provide specialized implementations of functionalities already available in other components of the system. Information theory borrowed the concept of entropy from the t h e o r y o f s t a t i s t i c a l thermodynamics where Boltzmann's theory s t a t e s t h a t t h e entropy of a gas changing states isothermally at temperature T i s given by: During training  , we are looking for a w that minimizes q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y usually added to some regularization penalty like w 2 2 on the model. Our framework is based upon examining the data in time slices to account for the decayed influence of an ad and we use stochastic gradient descent for optimization . The queries are in line with the BSBM mix of SPARQL queries and with the BSBM e-commerce use case that considers products as well as offers and reviews for these products. These approaches have two shortcomings that we have identified and address in this work: 1. Each weight of CMAC has an additional information to store a count of updation of the weight. A document record may be in many search sets  , and a search set may have many document records. Another interesting fact to note is that Support Vector Machine is virtually non-existent in the collection until 1997  , according to ACM repository. In fact  , as explained in Sect. Finally  , queries are performed on the Organic. Lingua document collections. Powerful methods have been developed for all three approaches and all have their respective strengths and shortcomings. For similarity search and substructure search  , to evaluate the search results ranked by the scoring function  , enough domain knowledge is required. Additional folding of implementation details may occur in simulations based executable specifications such as Petri nets or PATSley ZSSS. To eliminate outliers and potential noise  , we only consider ages for which we have at least 100 observations. It seems tempting to make the assumption that terms are also independent if they are not conditioned on a document D. This will however lead to an inconsistency of the model see e.g. To determine the statistical significance of the Pearson correlation coefficient r  , the p − value has been used in this work. We select one element at each column by Dynamic Programming. As an illustrative example  , Figure 1shows the average relevance distribution estimate resulting for the Lemur Indri search system and the pLSA recommender –which we use as baselines in our experiments in section 4. Depending on the exact definitions  , such techniques are variously called dynamic programming  , divide and conquer  , bottom-up  , etc 3. a All strings occurring in root occur in node In this example  , the rule template gc-template we exhibit shall be a function from deltas t.o deltas  , such t ,hat if A is an arbitrary set of insertions and deletions on a database instance LIB  , then applygc ,templateA ,DB will be the result of garbage collection on applyA  , DB. This result is reasonable. A data structure for organizing model features has been set up to facilitate model-based tracking. These approaches focus on analyzing one-shot data points to detect emergent events. The findings can inform librarians  , information scientists  , and IR system designers of the needs  , requirements  , and approaches to enhance cross-language controlled vocabularies  , and improve search engines to provide users with more relevant results. We want to a avoid over-fitting and b present to the user those patterns that are important. Once the minima are found for all objects to be placed  , the locations at which the real objects need to be placed by the robot are then given by the locations to which the object profiles have been moved. Based on these inputs  , the inverted files are searched for words that have features that correspond to the features of the search key and each word gets a feature score based on its similarity to the search key. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark 17 BSBM also generates fulltext content and person names. On Persons 1  , the three curves are near -coincidental  , while in the case of ACM-DBLP  , the best performance of the proposed system was achieved in the first iteration itself hence  , two curves are coincidental. There has been extensive research on fast similarity search due to its central importance in many applications. Query Evaluation: If a query language is specified  , the E- ADT must provide the ability to execute the optimized plan. Various programming logics have been used  , such as Hoare Logic  101  , Dynamic Logic 4  , and Boyer-Moore Logic 23. Instead of building a classifier we use pattern matching methods to find corresponding slot values for entities. This gave us positive examples search historyonset  and negative examples search historyno onset  , one example per user. A search field above the results panel is used to perform keyword searches. Section 3 describes the architecture of our definition generation system  , including details of our application of PRF to automatically label the training data for soft pattern generalization. To do so  , the model leverages the existing classifier p0y|x  , and create the semantic embedding vector of x as a convex combination of semantic vectors of the most relevant training labels. In fact  , Edsgar Dijkstra was so offended by the frequency of such talk that he suggested instituting a system of fines to stamp it out 12. For example  , configurations in which the flaps of the box fold over other flaps. In TREC 2003 QA  , we focused on definitional questions. Figure 1 illustrates the idea of outer dynamic programming . To date  , tasks are routed to individual workers in a random manner. For example  , web pages for search tasks like " purchase computers "   , " maintain hardware " and " download software " are all linked with the Lenovo homepage 2   , and hyperlinks are also built among these web pages for users to jump from one task to another conveniently. The Tester is a set of regular expression patterns that match the URL of the first request in an SHRS. First  , expressing the " nesting " predicate .. Kim argued that query 2 was in a better form for optimization  , because it allows the optimizer to consider more strategies. However  , CLIR is a difficult problem to solve on the basis of MT alone: queries that users typically enter into a retrieval system are rarely complete sentences and provide little context for sense disambiguation. Another sensitivity question is whether the search quality of the multi-probe LSH method is sensitive to different K values. Standard feature selection methods tend to select the features that have the highest relevance score without exploiting the semantic relations between the features in the feature space. We model the relevant model and non-relevant model in the probabilistic retrieval model as two multinomial distributions. Last year  , in TREC7  , we compared three possible approaches to CLIR for French and English  , namely  , the approach based on a bilingual dictionary  , the approach based on a machine translation MT system  , and the approach based on a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts. The right graph in Figure 2plots the single-assessor and pyramid F-scores for each individual Other question from all submitted runs. 10 .  We generated QR codes by first converting PDF documents into Microsoft Word™ format and then embedding the QR tag in the document to be printed. As an example of the use of stochastic dynamic programming for predicting and evaluating different actions see 2  , where planning of robot grinding tasks is studied. In this work  , we use a similar idea as word embedding to initialize the embedding of user and item feature vectors via additional training data. Sharp pixel proportion 4 1 Photographs that are out of focus are usually regarded as poor photographs  , and blurriness can be considered as one of the most important features for determining the quality of the photographs. After extracting the semantic features  , we need to represent those features in a proper format so that it is convenient to calculate the relevance between tweets and profiles. Participants were not encouraged to apply duplicate elimination to their runs. For either representation  , we first drop unnecessary punctuation marks and phrases such as " socalled " or " approximately " . This technique is now routinely used in speech retrieval 7  , but we are not aware of its prior use for CLIR. In similarity search 14 the basic idea is to find the most similar objects to a query one i.e. This measure should therefore be used in the end-user applications  , as the users can typically consult only a limited number of top-ranked suggestions. In the probabilistic setting of PLSA  , the goal is to compute simultaneous estimates for the probability mass functions P5 over f~ for all 5 E ~. An illustrative example of a catalog and its respective conversion is available online 7 . In this paper  , we take an approach of normalizing entity names based on " token level " regular expressions. We have chosen not do use dynamic optimization to avoid high overhead of optimization at runtime. The Document search task is to search for messages regarding to a topic. We found that although the entropybased method can reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method  , significant improvements are possible.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. As a result  , clicking on the branch representing " abdb " as shown in the figure uncovers the pattern of interest. Our two soft matching models are generic and can be extended to related areas that require modeling of contextual patterns  , such as information extraction IE. Data page size is 4096 bytes. In this case  , the estimated cost for the query is the same as that over a database with no indexes. An aspect is a set of pattern-matching-based rewrite rules that statically extend a given program with sets of programming statements and declarations that together implement a crosscutting concern. Using S-PLSA as a means of " summarizing " sentiment information from blogs  , we develop ARSA  , a model for predicting sales performance based on the sentiment information and the product's past sales performance. A * search is therefore more computationally expensive on average than hill climbing. Commonly made assumptions  , though reasonable in the context of workflow mining  , do clearly not hold for a dependency model of a distributed system  , nor do they seem fitting for a single user session. If the similarity-degree of a title and/or subtitles is higher than the threshold ­  , the title and/or subtitles are regarded a similar title and/or similar subtitles  , and the contents of the title and subtitles are considered similar contents. Then an agent will search through all available journals and conferences i.e. After applying the substitution of Mj ,i  , a summary is hence generated within this iteration and the timeline is created by choosing a path in matrix M |H|×|T | . Observed from the search results  , this method ranks the images mainly according to the color similarity  , which mistakenly interprets the search intention. By converting real-valued data features into binary hashing codes  , hashing search can be very fast. In our previous research about digital libraries 1  and large digital book collec- tions 2  we proposed three general metrics  , i.e. It incorporates the developed strategy of predation in an attempt to improve system performance. where thekyc is the sampled data  , yr target direction. The problem of similarity search aka nearest neighbour search is: given a query document 1   , find its most similar documents from a very large document collection corpus. From these logs  , we mined many thousands of search sessions. Therefore  , a static optimizer should reverse the triple patterns. Their correct translation therefore is crucial for good performance of machine translation MT and cross-language information retrieval CLIR systems. For this reason the combination of the three steps is the only practical way to retrieve components with reasonable precision from very large repositories like the web. In contrast  , Quicksort writes out an entire run each time  , thus producing considerably fewer random I/OS. In this paper  , we propose to use the BMEcat XML standard as the starting point to make highly structured product feature data available on the Web of Data. Since we predict cascade statistics  , our work also relates to research on fitting empirical data to parsimonious statistical models 1  , 5 . The success of dictionary-based CLIR depends on the coverage of the dictionary  , tools for conflating morphological variants  , phrase and proper name recognition  , as well as word sense disam- biguation 13 . The learning threshold E l in our simulation study is also chosen concerning the characteristics of the sequential data sets and locates in the range 0.05  , 0.5. The mixed-effects model in Eq. Then  , we use the generic similarity search model two times consecutively  , to first find the best candidate popular patterns and second locate the best code examples. Consider  , for instance  , a solution with similarity around 0.8. Our model construction approach was similar to the so-called growth modelling 6  , in which first null models without predictors are fitted and then both random and fixed factors are progressively introduced to the model. Our generative multi-class approach outputs a natural ranking of words based on a more interpretable probabilistic model 1. However  , these prohibitive complexities make this solution unfeasible for inputs larger than few thousands of integers. The average AP curve for one of the clusters shows a low AP for the first best word while additional words do not greatly improve it. In the case that the towel is originally held by a long side  , the table is used to spread out and regrasp the towel in the short side configuration  , from which point folding proceeds as if the short side had been held originally. To demonstrate the flexibility and the potential of the LOTUS framework  , we performed retrieval on the query " graph pattern " . Convergence usually took around 70 steps. The test MRDs were not used in this phase. We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. We contrast and compare our recent work as CLIR/DLF postdoctoral fellows placed in three different institutions 2. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the semantic similarity score provided by the Ebiquity web service. Link type specific evolution dependency  , as it is discussed in section 3.4  , is captured by link type specific strategies. , wM }  , the S-PLSA model dictates that the joint probability of observed pair di  , wj is generated by P di , So improvement of the performance of the acquired strategy is expected and the And a new strategy is acquired using Q-learning. Example. These features include the similarity between a and b's name strings  , the relationship between the authoring order of a in p and the order of b in q  , the string similarity between the affiliations  , the similarity between emails  , the similarity between coauthors' names  , the similarity between titles of p and q  , and several other features. Regarding translation resources for CLIR  , we believe that two points are widely agreed upon:  resources are scarce and difficult to use; and  resources with greater lexical coverage are preferable. One of the authors then visually investigated a random sample of over a hundred replays of interactions on the search result pages made by real users. First  , our sequences are much more compact than their extended signatures because of firstFollowing and firstAncestor nodes. Since the prototype did not include a general search engine  , the best interface with such systems is unknown. Another widely used ranking function  , referred to as Occ L   , is defined by ranking terms according to their number of occurrences  , and breaking the ties by the likelihood. These metafeatures may help the global ranker to distinguish between two documents that get very similar scores by the query likelihood scoring function  , but for very different reasons. We propose a new action selection t e c h q u e for moving multiobstacles avoidance using hierarchical fuzzy rules  , fuzzy evaluation system and learning automata through the interaction with the real world. To reduce CPU cost for redundant comparisons between points in an any two nodes  , we first screen points which lie within c-distance from the boundary surface of other node and use sort-merge join for those screened points. Local R 2 FP selects the most conductive features in the sub-region and summarizes the joint distribution of the selected features  , which enhances the robustness of the final representation and promotes the separability of the pooled features. A full list of 26 questions  , 150 questions from WebQuestions  , and 100 questions from QALD could be found on our website. Later on  , standard IR techniques have been used for this task. Given a search query  , ResearchIndex retrieves either the documents document option for which the content match best the query terms  , or the citations citation option that best matches the query terms. When DC thrashing occurs  , more and more transactions become blocked so that the response time of transactions increases beyond acceptable values and essentially approaches infinity. For each  , we obtained matching queries from a uniform random sample of all recent search queries submitted to the search engine in the United States. The best ranking loss averaged among the four DSRs is 0.2287 given by Structured PLSA + Local Prediction compared with the baseline of 0.2865. Definition 15 Basic Graph Pattern Matching. This paper looks at the problem of multi-join optimization for SMPe. Figure 2 only shows the most often influential attributes; i.e. After query planning the query plan consists of multiple sub-queries. In this paper  , we present an approach facing the third scenario. We quantify the reconstruction by fitting the model to the new computed point set and finding a normalized metric. We disambiguate the author names using random forest 34. In a data warehouse  , however  , the databases may have frequent updates and thus may be rather dynamic. In this work  , we take advantage of the advancement in speech recognition  , to explore a high-quality transcribed query log  , but do not delve into speech recognition aspects. However  , in many other cases  , it requires rescanning the entire updated database DB in order to build the corresponding FP-tree. Although it might be difficult to get people to change their ways of doing everyday work  , typically the teams trying out RaPiD7 for some time would not give up using it. Therefore  , if a candidate for CLQS appears often in the query log  , then it is more likely the appropriate one to be suggested. In this paper we have demonstrated a novel technique for self-folding using shape-memory polymers and resistive heating that is capable of several fabrication features: sequen­ tial folding  , angle-controlled folds  , slot-and-tab assembly  , and mountain-valley folding. We hypothesized that if users could first browse to a potentially relevant sub-node in a large directory   , results from a search in the sub-directory would be more precise than results from a search in the entire directory . , classification margin 4  , 24  , 31. '#N BigCC' is the number of the nodes in the biggest connected component of the roadmap  , '#edges' is the total number of edges  , and '#N path' is the number of roadmap nodes in the final folding path. Another popular method is the Partial Least Squares PLS 31 that learns orthogonal score vectors by maximizing the covariance between different multimodal data. Significantly different Pearson correlations from Sum # Postings are denoted *. Here  , a normalized similarity of a user i y to a user j y is computed as The final facets selected by hill-climbing usually were still within the top 30%  , while the ones selected by random-were evenly distributed among the results from single-facet ranking. The MIA and CDI validity index calculations are not comparable between datasets due to the different number of attributes used. They looked at two applications of query flow graphs: 1 identifying sequences of queries that share a common search task and 2 generating query recommendations. Given their small size  , we were forced to use a relatively simple model with a small number of features to avoid over-fitting. Typically  , not all features of feature model My are of interest for the composition with feature model Mx . In order to use gradient descent to find the weight values that maximize our optimization function we need to define a continuous and differentiable loss function  , F loss . This indicates that IMRank is efficient at solving the influence maximization problem via finding a final self-consistent ranking. The results from running CURE can be interpreted in a similar way. A curious pattern  , similar to footprints on the beach  , shows up in Figure 9  , obtained with Q7 on the OptA optimizer  , where we see plan P7 exhibiting a thin cadet-blue broken curved pattern in the middle of plan P2's orange region . In many documents and requests for information  , technical terms and proper names are important text elements. In the above proof since the function superCon is recursive  , we need to perform the induction on the variable k. The PVS command induct invokes an inductive proof. from a journal a real world example for a database containing medical document abstracts is given by the Journal of Clinical Oncology 1 . He found the logarithm of the number of distinguishable states of the storage device to be intuitively acceptable and that  , when he I used it  , it worked. Listing 1 shows an example query.  the autocorrelation of the signal. Tree-Pattern Matching. For example  , an article on Support Vector Machines might not mention the words machine learning explicitly  , since it is a specialized topic in the field of machine learning. Most of the existing works rely on search engine server logs to suggest relevant queries to user inputs. The Jena graph implementation for non-inference in-memory models supports the look-up for the number of triples matching either a subject  , a predicate or an object of a triple pattern. However  , the performance can be improved by supplemental methods and by structuring of queries. We adopt this best kernel for KLSH. However  , it will never come up that "apple" is quite the right search word for that article. For the running example  , the maximum value of 20.0 % of the likelihood function is three times as high as its lowest non-zero value of 6.7 %. In all experiments we used cosine distance to measure the closeness of two vectors either document or word vectors in the common low-dimensional embedding space. Before getting into the details of our system  , we briefly review the basics of the Q-learning. Second  , the monitoring and control of memoryaccessing events often have large overhead. The hidden variables in PLSA correspond to the events that a term w in document d is generated from the j-th topic. For Binary  , the selection on the key predicate is not required since each attribute has its own table which explains the slight performance advantage. This ready-to-use solution comes as a portable command line tool that converts product master data from BMEcat XML files into their corresponding OWL representation using GoodRelations. In addition  , the MSN Search crawler already uses numerous spam detection heuristics  , including many described in 8. If suffixes provide a good context for characters  , this creates regions of locally low entropy  , which can be exploited by various back-end compressors. There has been a large amount of work dealing with term dependencies in both the probabilistic IR framework and the language modeling framework. In Section 3  , we presented a discriminative model for cross lingual query suggestion. Sorting was performed in-place on pointers to tuples using quicksort Hoa62. The most representative terms generated by CTM and PLSA are shown in Table 1. These are variations of the Bitonic sort Bat68  , KGGK94J and sample sort LLS+93  , KGGK94 . State space should include necessary and sufficient information to achieve the given goal while it should be compact because Q-learning time can be expected exponential in the size of the state space 21 . On the other hand  , crawling in breadth-first search order provides a fairly good bias towards high quality pages without the computational cost. Text re-use has a number of applications including restatement retrieval 1  , near duplicate detection 2 ,3  , and automatic plagiarism detection 4 ,5. These include the categorization of content instances along given taxonomies  , the creation of taxonomies from given content attribute values  , and the extension of taxonomies by generating more general terms. Pseudo negative judgments are sampled from the bottom of a ranked list of a thousand retrieved documents R using the language modeling query likelihood scoring function. This means that the program generated an optimal schedule with the same makespan in a much shorter time using function h2m. Most surprisingly  , the RDFa data that dominates WebDataCommons and even DBpedia is more than 90% regular. We have proven theorems stating both types of relationships  , including the example above. We took great care to match the SHORE/C++ implementation as closely as possible  , including using the same C library random number generator and initializing it with the same seed so as to generate the same sequence of random numbers used to build the OO7 benchmark database and to drive the benchmark traversals. UNIX editing system  , embedding within the text of the reports certain formatting codes. This method only obtained 9 additional answers in TREC 2005. In the experiments  , all the precision of the results except for positive and candidate images are evaluated at 15% recall. Pattern induction   , in contrast  , is intended as detecting the regularities in an ontology  , seeking recurring patterns. To capture the full semantics of an input question  , HAWK traverses the predicated-argument tree in a pre-order walk to reflect the empirical observation that i related information are situated close to each other in the tree and ii information are more restrictive from left to right. , reading one track at a time. This important feature IS based on a syntacttc pattern matching between user's concepts and system known concepts. , the data structure needed to restore the domain to any ancestor node of the search tree  , is thus a stack of the sizes. The main difference to the standard classification problem Eq. However  , this comes at the cost of more expensive memory accesses. In 2  Angluin showed that the problem of learning a regular expression of minimum size from positive and negative examples is NP-complete. For example   , a topic-focused best-first crawler 9 retrieves only 94 Movie search forms after crawling 100 ,000 pages related to movies. Naturally  , this simple technique depends crucially on the corpus having an answer formulated in a specific way. The hierarchical search makes use of the Lucene Boolean operator to join: a UMLS concept search  , appropriate Topic type word search e.g. Our approach to CLIR in MEDLINE is to exploit the UMLS Metathesaurus and its multilingual components. HTML 1.0 5 provided basic document formatting and hyperlinks for online browsing; HTML 2.0 6 ushered in a more dynamic  , interactive web by defining forms to capture and submit user input. The abduction angle characterizes the angle of the finger in the palm's plane  , whereas the flexion angle corresponds to the folding of the finger in the plane perpendicular to the palm. The Tsetlin automaton can be thought of as a finite state automaton controlling two search strategies. Figure 6shows the path that has been used as the initial guess and the final path computed using our planner for one sample environment Env-1 in Table II. These results indicate that higher use rate will give better results in terms of improved communication  , authoring efficiency and defect rate reduction. However  , the conventional G A applications generate a random initial population without using any expert knowledge. We then perform a hill-climbing search in the hierarchy graph starting from that pair. Combming pre-and posttranslation expansion is most effective and improves precision and recall. The final classification P c|I  , x is given by averaging over these distributions. The TREC topics are real queries  , selected by editors from a search engine log. The criterion used to1 detect this phenomena comes from the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 13. These are then returned as a list of resources that best matches the users' queries. The type of the tax is set to TurnoverTax  , since all taxes in BMEcat are by definition turnover taxes. Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval CLIR addresses the problem of ranking documents whose language differs from the query language. The recursion should terminate when the output of the TRANSFORMER function is identical to its input. Perform a range search on the B+-tree to find Suppose the time search interval is IS = ta  , ta. Consider finding the corresponding decade for a given year. For every m ∈ M   , let Dm be the deterministic but perhaps incomplete  finite automaton DFA obtained from the minimized automaton for the regular expression dm after discarding all " dead " states  , i.e. We produced by hand REST representations of a set of queries from the CACM collection  , and then automatically generated for each query subsets of terms that the REST representation indicated were related conceptually  , and which thus should be considered mutually dependent in a probabilistic model. Although all these phrases are important to diagnosing the patient described in the topic  , a significant amount of semantic meaning is lost when the key-phrases are removed from their contexts . Table 2shows the experimental results. The entry point can be directly provided by the user by selecting a document icon  , or determined by the system as the document that best matches the query. Given a REST representation of a request  , it is relatively straightforward to generate information for a statistical retrieval strategy . 1for the robot is generated between the two node positions. In recent years  , the large amounts of data available on the web has made effective similarity search and retrieval an important problem. Thus planning  ,of graspless manipulation is transformed into finding a path in this C-Space. The work on diversification of search results has looked into similar objectives as ours where the likelihood of the user finding at least one result relevant in the result set forms the basis of the objective function. The query tree is then further optimized through view merging and subquery to join conversion and operator tree optimization. In this section  , we describe how to apply the structural function inlining to structurally recursive queries in XQuery. Consequently searches need to be based on similarity or analogy – and not on exact pattern-matching. The previous section described how we can scan compressed tuples from a compressed table  , while pushing down selections and projections. First  , the new documents are parsed to extract information matching the access pattern of the refined path. This effectively rules out all choice interactions in this phase. This section provides a brief overview of LSH functions  , the basic LSH indexing method and a recently proposed entropy-based LSH indexing method. The recursive evaluation to determine this value is: Figure 3shows the recursive cost function. However it is clear that subjects in Group A  , who formed their target images before starting the search  , spent a significantly longer time searching than those in Group B. who started their search without forming their target images Figure 7. Corner landmarks in the map are found with a least-squares model fitting approach that fits corner models to the edge data in the map. When the objective function has an explicit form  , Hill-climbing could quickly reach an optimal point by following the local gradients of the function. The latter three variables were based on the topic classifications defined in the ImageCLEF 2007 4  , 5 and allow us to investigate how the Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. But such a complexity may be substantially reduced to some small polynomial function in the size of the state space if an appropriate reward structure is chosen and if Q-values are initialized with some " good " values. the above procedure probabilistically converges to the optimal value function 16. The expression " @regexx " evaluates to true iff x matches the regular expression regex i.e. shows whether query graph q l has feature fi  , and z jl indicates whether database graph gj is pruned for query graph q l . The Pearson correlation comparison for k values between C4.5 and SV M is 0.46  , showing moderate correlation ; however  , r values are weakly negatively correlated at -0.35. The important point to notice is that the predictive variance captures the inherent uncertainty in the function  , with tight error bars in regions of observed data  , and with growing error bars away from observed data. DFQL generalizes the continuous input space with hzzy rules and has the ability o f responding to the varying states with smoothly varying actions using fuzzy reasoning. 2 We see that by combining the topic models with random walk  , we can significantly enhance the ranking the simple multiplication to combine the relevance scores by the topic model with the score from the random walking model while the second method integrates the topic model directly into the random walk. There are six areas of work that are relevant to the research presented here: prefetching  , page scheduling for join execution  , parallel query scheduling  , multiple query optimization  , dynamic query optimization and batching in OODBs. The obtained experimental results have shown its effectiveness in efficiently generating translation equivalents of various unknown query terms and improving retrieval performance for conventional CLIR approaches. The linkage weighting model based on link frequency can substantially and stably improve the retrieval performances. Note that a function T with the threshold property does not necessarily provide an ordering of pages based on their likelihood of being good. After that  , we detected users  , who had at least one switch from the search engine to other search engines in a given period. the resulting query plan can be cached and re-used exactly the way conventional query plans are cached. Williams 1988   , for example  , illustrates how JSD could be defined as a regular expression see  , Figure 9b. We estimated 2s + 1 means  , but assumed that all of the output functions shared a common covariance matrix. , we counted the appearances of semantic concepts in the service collection and derived the probabilities from this observation. Accordingly  , products in GoodRelations are assigned corresponding classes from the catalog group system  , i.e. Typically  , queries are translated either using a bilingual dictionary 22  , a machine translation software 9 or a parallel corpus 20. For a given Latent Semantic Space , similarity search. Using pivots doubles the number of translations performed in a CLIR system  , therefore  , increasing the likelihood of translation error  , caused mainly by incorrect identification of the senses of ambiguous words. DBGD is stopped automatically after 40 ,000 iterations  , or if no improvement has been found after 20 random pertubations. Given a query Q in the source language L1  , we automatically translate the query using a query translation system into the assisting language L2. The evaluation shows the difficulty of the task  , as well as the promising results achieved by the new method. We further calculate per topic difference of nDCG@10 between RL3/RL4 and RL2. , on tens of thousands of questiondocument pairs. We use the output of FC7  , the second fully-connected layer  , which results in a feature vector of length F = 4096. when assuming that n defects are contained in the document . After that  , we submit four runs for CLIR official evaluation this year. Transformation T 3 : Each index-scan operator in P is replaced with a table-scan operator followed by a selection operator  , where the selection condition is the same as the index-scan condition. Part-of-speech groups in close proximity to the answer  , which correlate to the question text are kept to ensure the meaning is retained: We then generalise the string to a suitable regular expression  , by removing stopwords and inserting named entity classes where appropriate. A central goal of the music information retrieval community is to create systems that efficiently store and retrieve songs from large databases of musical content 7. Here we use breadth-first search. Moreover  , these similarity values depend on the information retrieval system to which the queries are directed; for the same pair of search request formulations  , the similarity coefficient values will vary significantly  , according to the variations in the document set subject matter of the systems considered. Next  , we used Alchemy 2 to generatively learn the weights of our base MLN using the evidence data. Semantic information for music can be obtained from a variety of sources 32. In test phase  , the sentences retrieved are spitted into short snippets according to the splitting regular expression " ,|-| " and all snippets length should be more than 40. In this example the developer does not have access to information from previous tasks or other developers   , so a new concern is created in ConcernMapper. Training set size was varied at the following levels {25  , 49  , 100  , 225  , 484  , 1024  , 5041}. Hill climbing does not work well for nonconvex spaces  , however  , since it will terminate when it finds a local maxima. System A scored best when respondents recorded their reactions to the first statement  , about their pre-query 'mental image' 24score mean: 1.21. Similar to most existing approaches  , our information extractor can only be applied to web pages with uniform format. Davis and Dunning 1996 and Davis 1997 also found that the performance of MRD-based CLIR queries was much poorer than that of monolingual queries. The more general the model  , the more effort it will expend on fitting to specific features of the training documents that will generalize to the full relevant population. Section 6 compares CLIR performance of our system with monolingual IR performance. quicksort. For each category  , a PLSA model is trained from 85% of the question sets questions and their corresponding answers  , and the left are used for testing. The optimization goal is to find the execution plan which is expected to return the result set fastest without actually executing the query or subparts. While performing the pruning step as elaborated before  , we use some simple statistical optimization techniques. For example  , the result images of " fruit " and " fly " queries can be clustered by visual objects e.g. In this paper  , we presented CyCLaDEs  , a behavioral decentralized cache for LDF clients. Even though the search space is very large  , it could be possible that a large percentage of all candidate designs are acceptably good solutions for this example   , a feasible solution  , which does not violate any task constraints  , is considered to be acceptably good. A new data attribute is tested during integration testing when it is integrated into GR by testing A with member functions with which it interacts. The extent to which the information in the old memory cell is discarded is controlled by ft  , while it controls the extent to which new information is stored in the current memory cell  , and ot is the output based on the memory cell ct. LSTM is explicitly designed for learning long-term dependencies   , and therefore we choose LSTM after the convolution layer to learn dependencies in the sequence of extracted features . This was also observed in the context of lexical source-code transformations of arbitrary programming languages 2  , where it is an alternative to manipulations of the abstract syntax tree. will be POSITION  , which means the position of Cleveland i.e. Figure 1: Zero-shot image tagging by hierarchical semantic embedding. We note that the partitioning helps much more in the case of the sort merge join compared to the hash join because the sorting operation is much more memory intensive and computationally expensive i.e. The main techniques used in our runs include medical concept detection  , a vectorspace retrieval model  , a probabilistic retrieval model  , a supervised preference ranking model  , unsupervised dimensionality reduction  , and query expansion. For each static search session  , whole-session level relevance judgments are provided in the datasets: annotators judged documents regarding whether or not they are relevant to the topic or task underlying the search session instead of an individual query. In other words  , any possible ranking lists could be the final list with certain probability. Generally  , these regular expressions are interpreted exactly as in other semistructured query languages  , and the usual regular expression operations +  , *  ,  ? If a term occurs more than once  , it is given a value of one for the binary indecendence model. Instead of that approach  , domain experts check the correctness and summaries the rules where mistakes happen. Meta-search engine allows a user to submit a query to several different search engines for searching all at once. The similarity score of two documents is derived by counting the number of identical hash values  , divided by m. As m increases  , this scheme will approximate asymptotically the true similarity score given by the specific function fsim. The obvious approach would be to assess the magnitude or amount of change. The first search is over the corpus of Web pages crawled by the search engine. Since the execution space is the union of the exccution spaces of the equivalent queries  , we can obtain the following simple extension to the optimization al- gorithm: 1. Results for the strategies just described on the TREC-6 CLIR collection are presented in the following: Figure 2shows a comparison of using alignments alone  , using a dictionary pseudo-translation and then using both methods combined  , i.e. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 11. Using WE word representation models  , scholars have improved the performance of classification 6  , machine translation 16  , and other tasks. The situation today is that the modeling facilities of most programming and simulation systems are not capable of describing either the full dynamic behaviour of the total robot system nor the use of external sensor feed-back in the generation of control data. Section 3 describes semantic relevance measure  , and categorization and weighting of interpretation words. However  , PowerAqua is outperformed by TBSL see below in terms of accuracy w.r.t. In this section we present our distributional approach in detail. Retrieval effectiveness can be improved through changes to the SLT  , unification models  , and the MSS function and scoring vector. In particular all of the signatures we need to evaluate can be expressed as stringset1. For RL3 anchor log was used to reform current query  , search it in indri  , then calculate the similarity between current query and documents.   , two extraction components for non-ontological entities have been implemented: person name extractor for Finnish language and regular expression extractor. One might wonder whether we can use the Arabic monolingual thesaurus to improve CLIR. The retrieval was performed using query likelihood for the queries in Tables 1 and 2  , using the language models estimated with the probabilistic annotation model. The most frequent smallest interval  , which is also an integer fraction of other longer intervals  , is taken as the smallest note length. Another possible solution to the problem of translation ambiguity is by using word sense disambiguation. By contrast  , the nearly 2.7 million product instances from the crawl only contain eleven properties on average. However  , as any retrieval system has a restricted knowledge about a request  , the notation /A: used in the probabilistic formulas below does not relate to a single request  , it stands for a set of requests about which the system has the same knowledge. there are additional factors that adversely affect the performance of the external sorts: When the actual number of buffers that an cxtcrnal sort has is smaller than the buffer requirement of an exeruling merge step  , the penalty in extra ~/OS that paging incurs is proportional to the extent of the memory discrepancy. Besides  , capturing user search interests at topic level is useful to understand user behaviors. In modern dynamic programming optimizers Loh88  , HKWY97   , this corresponds to adding one rule to each of those phases. words translation 7. Many questions need to be answered. Thus  , operators on such large-grain data structures imply some kind of extended control structure such as a loop  , a sequence of statements  , a recursive function  , or other. , all query nodes are exactly matched by their corresponding data nodes  , and each parent-child " / " resp. Our evaluation results show that the triple translation is more precise than the word-by-word translation with the co-occurrence model. Query likelihood retrieval model 1  , which assumes that a document generates a query  , has been shown to work well for ad-hoc information retrieval. In other words  , it would never be computationally possible to apply a semantic relevance check to millions of components. A search set also has a serial number and a search expression. , Ohloh Code since both are using the same underlying search model that is vector space model. There has also been a lot of work on the use of constraints in query optimization of relational queries 7  , 13  , 25. English  , within a collection D. More formally  , documents should be ranked according to the posterior probability: The quality of the search depends on knowing what search terms to use and on the implemented search strategies. Due to its popularity and success in the previous studies  , it is used as the baseline approach in our study. We used pattern matching to extract and normalize this information. Experiments on several benchmark collections showed very strong per-formances of LIT-based term weighting schemes. These context-sensitive token translation probabilities can then be used in the same way as context-independent probabilities. Users often visit online forums and search using the functionality provided on these web sites. Compiling SQL queries on XML documents presents new challenges for query optimization. As far as we know  , this is the first work to incorporate the factor of retrieval effectiveness of search engines into the task of federated search. If we assume a too complex model  , where each data point essentially has to be considered on its own  , we run the risk of over fitting the model so that all variables always look highly correlated. Finally  , rather than acquiring bilateral word translations  , our focus lies on assigning subwords to interlingual semantic identifiers. In the following chapters we will introduce various evolution strategies to maintain the structural  , logical and user-defined consistency of an ontology. Support Vector Machine is well known for its generalization performance and ability in handling high dimension data. Search Pad is a feature of Yahoo! It is the latter capability that allows us to define aggregate functions simply. BMEcat allows to specify products using vendor-specific catalog groups and features  , or to refer to classification systems with externally defined categories and features. We presented a novel framework for collecting  , storing  , and mining search logs in a distributed  , private  , and anonymous manner called CrowdLogging. The purpose of similarity search is to identify similar data examples given a query example. RDF is the core part of the Semantic Web stack and defines the abstract data model for the Semantic Web in the form of triples that express the connection between web resources and provide property values describing resources. As before  , we selected 5000 random examples  , with an equal number of positives search history+onsetinterruption and negatives search history+onsetno interruption. This figure suggests that breadth-first search crawling is fairly immune to the type of self-endorsement described above: although the size of the graph induced by the full crawl is about 60% larger than the graph induced by the 28 day crawl  , the longer crawl replaced only about 25% of the " hot " pages discovered during the first 28 days  , irrespective of the size of the " hot " set. To ensure that edge score is a probability  , |  , is computed via softmax as |  , exp ∑ exp Finally  , we obtained the following model for λ: We started with all possibly relevant variables: After fitting to the data we found that the number of children had little influence. The task of question classification could be automatically accomplished using machine learning methods 91011. Afterwards  , the entity candidate e i j of a surface form candidate set V i that provides the highest relevance score is our entity result for surface form m i . Using this approach all variable matches we need to perform can be expressed as a regular expression match over TCP payloads. However  , since the ultimate position of manipulator contacts on an object is a complex function of the second-order impedances of the manipulator and object  , creating such a model can be prohibitively difficult. To be of any practical value  , the extra incurred overhead cost by the SPC can not outweigh the actual sensing costs. During test case generation  , choosing transitions and input signals was performed at random. We observed that the similarity scores for the neighbours often is either very close to one  , or slightly above zero. This is also one of very few recent studies to empirically explore the value of multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies for CLIR. The a priori assignment of search engines to domains is performed offline. Comparing to the unmediated search approaches  , the mediated search has a higher success rate 14. Per-query results are highly correlated between systems   , in typical cases giving a Pearson score of close to 1  , because some queries are easier to resolve or have more answers than others; this correlation can affect assessment of significance. For the restart probability of random walks  , it is interesting to find that a larger one is preferred and we set it as 0.9 in LINKREC. Note that in this method  , duplicate links are reported only when the first occurrence is seen. , escalation or non-escalation  , and the time taken to perform the transition . The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski  , Oula Heikkinen  , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. If the user cites a class  , the appropriate dynamic document could include the OMT diagram for the class  , its documentation  , and the header file and method bodies that implement the class. Both steps rely primarily on checking for the existence of positive patterns and verifying the absence of negative patterns Figure 2and 3. The code for EM and Pearson correlation was written in Matlab. Our immediate next target is to extend TL-PLSA with a method for estimating the number of shared classes of the two domains. This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . Incipit searching  , a symbolic music similarity problem  , has been a topic of interest for decades 3. Such models can be utilized to facilitate query optimization  , which is also an important topic to be studied. All the classifiers are implemented with random forest classification model  , which was reported as the best classification model in CCR. Expert users would employ element-specific navigation allowing them to jump back and forth among elements of certain HTML type: buttons  , headings  , edit fields  , etc. This challenge can be addressed in various ways: i a scalable vector tuning and updating for new comments  , ii inferring low-dimentional vector for new comments using gradient descent using the parameters  , the word vectors and the softmax weights from the trained model  , and iii approximating the new vector by estimating the distance of the new comment to the previous comments using the words and their representations. Regular expressions were developed to pattern match sentence construction for common question types. We expect  , the Kendall rank correlation coefficient see 30  , another much used rank correlation  , to have similar problems in dealing with distributions. Instead  , we propose a simpler but less informative measurement model created by integrating over all possible contact positions as a function of object pose: We observe that our approach favors the current version i.e. Sort-merge join uses little memory for the actual join except when there are many rows with the same value for the join columns. The instrumentation is based on rules for pattern-matching and is thus independent of the actual application. Traiectorv danner. Groups of changes of one request are maintained in a linked list using the HAS PREVIOUSCHANGE property. They pose requirements on occurring attributes and their values. In effect we find the last fence first and work upstream  , like a salmon. Web services search is mainly based on the UDDI registry that is a public broker allowing providers to publish services. On average  , based on our experiment with some random sampled publications  , only 0.35 resources were retrieved for each testing publication. The hierarchy among the maps is established as follows. By doing this  , we search for a unified set of latent factors that best explains both content and link structures simultaneously and seamlessly. It is desirable to have an automated way to discover these terms.  the query optimization problem under the assumption that each call to a conjunctive solver has unit cost and that the only set operation allowed is union. However  , the key issue is doing this efficiently for practical cases. Each of the 6 NASA TLX semantic differentials was compared across document size and document relevance level. Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. It is written in Java and is highly configurable. In practice  , however   , the search engine can only observe the user's clicks on its search result  , not the general web surfing behavior of the user. In our approach  , we assign to each object in the seedlist not a single reachability value but a fuzzy object reachability function. The RSVP user interface is primarily designed for relevance assessment of video shots  , which are presented in a rapid but controllable sequence. Function Slice for i ← 1 to n do HandleEvent collects all intermediate trace slices corresponding to θ's subinstances . Figure 2billustrates the highest and second highest bid in the test set  , items that we did not observe when fitting the model. By better modeling users' search targets based on personalized music dimensions  , we can create more comprehensive similarity measures and improve the music retrieval accuracy. Detection time with angle increment 6 5 5 varies between 2-4 seconds. Comparing this with the errors in Table 1  , we see that in the best case this limit is nearly achieved while on average the error is twice the noise level indicating that model error does exist and it is on the same order of magnitude as the noise. This syntactical variety of references is represented using an or operator in the regular expression. We run an experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M  , hosted on the same LDF server with 2 differents URLs. ExactMatch or NormalizedExactMatch are essentially pattern search with poorly formed queries. This highlights the need to find a better similarity measure based on the semantic similarity rather than just textual overlap. With the smaller yeast data PLSA did not do very well  , but ICA and NMF found interesting longer components and maximal frequent sets gave a good coverage of data. First  , we cannot always expand function calls by inline code due to the existence of recursive functions. The comparison between raw-data objects is done in a pixel-by-pixel fashion. where || · || 2Figure 3 : Experience fitting as a dynamic programming problem . Therefore  , their distance is not an absolute value but relative to the search context  , i.e. It is still conceivable  , however  , that the iterative program may terminate and return some value even though the recursive program does not. Paraphrasing  , INSTANCE matches each optional sequence of arbitrary characters ¥ w+ tagged as a determiner DT  , followed optionally by a sequence of small letters a-z + tagged as an adjective JJ  , followed by an expression matching the regular expression denoted by PRE  , which in turn can be optionally followed by an expression matching the concatenation of MID and POST. Next  , we examine whether Google Search personalizes results based on the search results that a user has clicked on. Tweets relevant to the event e are then ranked in ascending order with lower perplexity being more relevant to event e. Using the perplexity score instead of keyword search from each topic allows us to differentiate between the importance of different words using the inferred probabilities. During the preparation phase  , and to better understand our data  , we also explore some correlations between different variables; however  , we didn't reach any significant correlation. Commercial systems like AltaVista Image Search only index the easy-to-see image captions like text-replacement  " ALT "  strings  , achieving good precision accuracy in the images they retrieve but poor recall thoroughness in finding relevant images. The format of OM regex is consistent with other lexicons in that each entry is composed of a regular expression and associated polarity and strength. These operators include projection  , hash  , sort  , and duplicate elimination. Similarly  , the average improvement in Pearson correlation rises from 7% to 14% on average. In typical document search  , it is also commonly used– e.g. Personalized search. TTnfortllllat.ely  , query optimization of spatial data is different from that of heterogeneous databases because of the cost function. Pearson Correlation Coefficient between user u and v is: It measures the similarity between users based on their normalized ratings on the common set of items co-rated by them. A transaction attempting to construct a read quorum calls the recursive function Read- Quorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. In contrast  , in this work  , we apply a different method of changing the document ranking  , namely the application of a perfect document ranking. We apply the data transformation techniques to visualize the difference between the relevant and non-relevant document length on each test collection used. The columns of each table show the Mean Average Precision  , the Precisions at 5  , 10  , 20  , and 30  , the Average Recall  , the Average R-Precision  , and the number of queries that have been performed. Examination of it suggested that the best choice of query language was German  , as its vocabulary coverage in EuroWordNet was reasonable. 5b and 5c seem to benefit more from the CLIR approach. Based on search  , target  , and context concept similarity queries may look like the following ones: Although different resources or techniques are used  , all these methods try to generate the best target queries. At last  , all gathered pages are reranked with their similarity. The computational steps for the two cases are listed below: Case 1 no alignment: For each document d: To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. Experiments on NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 English- Chinese CLIR tasks show that CLIR performance can be significantly improved based on our approach. The values of the Pearson correlation coefficients as calculated by Eq. The lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the well studied multi-pattern matching problem in the string matching literature 25. Since the similarity functions that our learning method optimizes for are cosine and Jaccard  , we apply the corresponding LSH schemes when generating signatures. The loss function of an autoencoder with a single hidden layer is given by  , The hidden layer gets to learn a compressed representation of the input  , such that the original input can be regenerated from it. , 560 superhashes per document for the seven iterations. The KS-distance as defined below In this section it is assumed that only weak information  , such as a velocity bound  , is known regarding the target. The outliers tend to be inputs in which the user has specified an action in an exceptionally redundant manner. etfidf: This simple baseline is to use cosine similarity between query and resources in tfidf scheme. If there happen to be seven consecutive ups in the history  , SVL will report this single subsequence of length 7 whereas the regular expression would report six different largely overlapping subsequences; there would be three subsequences of length 5  , two subsequences of length 6  , as well as the entire subsequence of length 7. In CS-DAC  , several rankers are trained simultaneously  , and each ranking function f * k see Equation 3 is optimized using the CS- DAC loss function and hybrid labels. In particular  , dynamic pruning strategies aim to avoid the scoring of postings for documents that cannot make the top K retrieved set. Formally  , preserving ω with respect to an interpretation I means that for each t  , 0 ≤ t ≤ k  , we have Is t  = Is 0 . We employ stochastic gradient descent to learn the parameters   , where the gradients are obtained via backprop- agation 12  , with fixed learning rate of 0.1. Regular expressions can express a number of strings that the be language cannot  , but be types can be generated from type recognizers that can be far more complex than regular expressions. For internal pages  , the child pointers are extracted from the matching items and stored on a stack for future traversal. Templates that did not have any matching queries were excluded. γ is a parameter that controls the amount of regularization from external resources. Li et al. Inspired by the superior results obtained by the neural language models  , we present a two-phase approach  , Doc2Sent2Vec  , to learn document embedding. That is  , the single quadratic function of 16 is considered to be minimized when |z i − dN i | ≤ β. Just indexing multimedia through text search engines is quite imprecise; in a random sample we took  , only 1.4% of the text on Web pages with images described those images. Seven propositions  , or " patterns " in were found. Unfortunately  , the DMI' method has two severe shortcomings as discussed in the following 1. RSJ relevance weighting of query terms was proposed in 1976 5 as an alternative term weighting of 2 when relevant information is available. The experiences from WES- PL confirmed that the technical choice of whether adopting a proactive approach or a reactive approach largely depends on the market position of the SPL organization. Further more  , we also compared the five variants of WNBs each other. To tackle this issue  , we propose to employ LSH to eliminate unnecessary similarity computations between unrelated articles  , and get a rough separation on the original news corpus. So  , the approach determines that h2 and h3 are decisive semi-constant HTTP requests. In order to apply Laplacian kernels to graphs with negative edges  , we use the measure described as the signed resistance distance in 17  , defined as: They also explored using random forest classification to score verticals run ICTNETVS02  , whereby expanded query representations based on results from the Google Custom Search API were used. The minmatches+l time series with the highest associated probabilities are identified. These two phases of oscillation appears by turns. Overlap  , distinct overlap  , and the Pearson correlation of query frequencies for Personal Finance and Music are shown in Figure 10and Figure 11. The two additional matrices store the alignment scores associated with insertion gaps and deletion gaps respectively. The problem of similarity search refers to finding objects that have similar characteristics to the query object. Image search engines often present a query interface to allow users to submit a query in some forms  , e.g. We enhanced the pattern recognition engine in ViPER to execute concurrent parallel pattern matching threads in spite of running Atheris for each pattern serially. This restriction is not essential  , since those pattern-matching expressions could perfectly well generate a nested structure. One of the learned lessons of the previous experiments was that the regular expression RegEx substitutions are a very succinct  , efficient  , maintainable  , and scalable method to model many NL subtasks of the QA task. Wu et al. Scaling up this approach to manage change in large systems written in complex programming languages is still an open research problem. We note that for every fixed query a node assignment requiring no calls to updateP ath always exists: simply label the nodes in order discovered by running breadth-first search from s. However  , there is no universally optimal assignment — different queries yield different optimum assignments. The problem of multilingual text retrieval has a long history. For both regular and query-biased similarity  , we construct a unigram model of the find-similar document that is then used as a query to find similar documents see equation 1. Perhaps the most important point to note  , however  , is that this is all possible on a computer as small and inexpensive as a DEC PDP-II/45. The goal of the track is to facilitate research on systems that are able to retrieve relevant documents regardless of the language a document happens to be written in. Typically   , in a similarity search  , a user wants to search for images that are similar to a given query image. As briefly discussed in Section 2  , the structure irfposedon thedatabasebythedesign- eris representedby amdule graph  , that is  , a labelled directed acyclic gralk whose nodes represent n-cdules  , whose +=s indicate relationships between modules and whose labelling function assigns tags to r&es indicating how the mdule was created. Incorporating this additional semantic fact could have helped to improve the relevance of retrieved results. A number of successful approaches from last year inspired our approach for this year ELC challenge 2 were using a two-stage retrieval approach to retrieve entities. And a chess board pattern is adopted as a calibration pattern because it is full of intersections of lines and supplies the enormous points in one image. The sorted data items in these buffers are next merge-sorted into a single run and written out to disk along with the tags. Before searching for a regrasp sequence  , the regrasp planner checks if the pick-and-place operation can be achieved within a single grasp. The assumption basically says that previous search results decide query change. In our method  , the dynamic programming search considers all these trajectories and selects the one with globally minimal constraint value. It relies on detecting a main entity  , which is used to subdivide the query graph into subgraphs  , that are ordered and matched with pre-defined message types. Overlapping features: Overlapping features of adjacent terms are extracted. To overcome the shortcomings of each optimization strategy in combination with certain query types  , also hybrid optimizers have been proposed ON+95  , MB+96. In this step  , if any document sentence contributes only stop words for the summary  , the matching is cancelled since the stop words are more likely to be inserted by humans rather than coming from the original document. Transformation T 2 : Each physical join operator e.g. There are roughly three categories of approaches: volume-based approaches  , feature-based approaches  , and interactive approaches. We also briefly discuss how the expand operator can be used in query optimization when there are relations with many duplicates. This study has also been motivated by recent results on flexible buffer allocation NFSSl  , FNSSl. Owing to its simplicity and effectiveness  , CCA has been widely applied to the crossmodal retrieval 7  , face recognition 21 and word embedding 8  , 9. The DBSCAN technique was modified with KD-trees to reduce the computational complexity. DB-L is weakly sufficiently complete. They found that users were able to reliably assess the topical relevance of translated documents . Microblog search is a special kind of text search. The query language of SphereSearch combines concept-aware keyword-based search with specific additions for abstraction-aware similarity search and context-aware ranking. We formalized the frontier prioritization problem as a search-centric optimization problem  , where the objective is to maximize the impact of the crawled collection on the result quality of the search engine. based on a training set of given question-answer pairs. The differences between all strategies breadth-first  , random search  , and Pex's default search strategy were negligible. Run dijkstra search from the final node as shown in Fig.6. To handle inter-procedural dependences including recursive functions/procedures  , we have introduced auxiliary types of nodes in a PDG. One final extension is required. The proposed model is fitted by optimizing the likelihood function in an iterative manner. This simple method worked out well in our experiments. The Maximum a posteriori estimate MAP is a point estimate which maximizes the log of the posterior likelihood function 3. where pβ is the prior distribution as in Equation2. To identify the target of a question  , pattern matching is applied to assign one of the 18 categories to the question. The steps consist of 1 express the change in the metric in terms of a function of the means and variance of a probability density function over the metric 2 mapping the estimates from the click-based model to judgments for the metric by fitting a distribution to data in the intersection 3 computing estimates for the remaining missing values using query and position based smoothing. Recent advances in X-ray crystallography and NMR imaging have made it possible to elucidate the folded conformations of a rapidly increasing number of proteins  , However  , little is known today about the folding pathways that transform an extended string of amino acids into a compact and stable structure. In such situations  , the cost to the destination can be computed without using equation 3 and the recursive computation terminates. , a queue and depth-first search i.e. Leaving {πi} N i=1 free is important  , because what we really want is not to maximize the likelihood of generating the query from every document in the collection  , instead  , we want to find a λ that can maximize the likelihood of the query given relevant documents. Further  , the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. These dependent term groups were then used to modify the rankings of documents retrieved by a probabilistic retrieval  , as was done in CROVS6a. Then documents with CH4 get higher scores. For the time being  , we execute both user defined functions and normal DBMS code within the same address space. Since our method has only 3 parameters  , we calculated their optimal setting with a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search method. The accurate celebrity subgraph has a total of 835  , 117  , 954  , or about 835 million  , directed edges in it which is actually a non-negligible fraction of edges in Twitter's social graph. Such functions have been utilized in the problem of merging the results of various search engines 11. First of all  , we present the Pearson correlations between MCAS scores and all the independent variables in Table 1to give some idea of how these factors are related to MCAS score. Our intuition is derived from the observation that the data in two domains may share some common topics  , since the two domains are assumed to be relevant. Our work develops more powerful optimizations that exploit the particular requirements of the all-pairs similarity search problem. Bridged by social annotation  , we can compute the similarity between a query and a VSE. Recently  , ranking based objective function has shown to be more effective in giving better recommendation as shown in 11. Such techniques do not really capture any regularity in the paths within a DOM tree. The alignments are then used for building a cross-language information retrieval system  , and the results of this system using the TREC-6 CLIR data are given. Hildebrandt et al. A similar landmark is used in 7  , two concentric circles that produce in the sensor image an elliptical edge. After the folding  , path T becomes undirected  , hence any of the remaining paths forms a cycle with END Note that in the case when two nodes are connected by more than one path  , it is sufficient to fold only one of them  , say path T   , for transforming the whole subgraph into a chained component. In our case  , we use global topics and background topics to factor out common words. This information is then logically combined into the proof obligations. Specifically we discuss the learning of word embeddings   , the aligning of embedding spaces across different time snapshots to a joint embedding space  , and the utilization of a word's displacement through this semantic space to construct a distributional time series. We have tested the effectiveness of the proposed model using real data. The fixed keyframes are selected based on a common landmark. We use such information to compute selectivities. We can see that the transformation times for optimized queries increase with query complexity from around 300 ms to 2800ms. To make sure that all participants see the same SERP in each search task  , we provided a fixed initial query and its corresponding first result page from a popular commercial search engine the same one which provides search logs for each task. To encourage more participation  , a game-like interface is a promising approach. For more sophisticated rules  , cost functions were needed Sma97  to choose among many alternative query plans. There was a strong negative correlation between the intersearcher term-consistency and the number of search terms per search request rs = -0.663; p = 0.0002 and also between the term-consistency and the number of search terms per search concept rs = -0.728; p = 0.0001. Search history can go back as far as one month. In the literature " approximate string matching " also refers to the problem of finding a pattern string approximately in a text. Enhanced query optimizers have to take conditional coalescing rules into consideration as well. The remainder of this article is structured as follows: In the next section  , we describe our method to automatically quantize the sensor spaces. They analyze the text of the code for patterns which the programmer wants to find. They may constitute part of more complex execution plans Thev89The temporal complexity of a depth-first search is OmaxCardX ,CardA while that of a breadth-first search is OCardA Gibb85 . We check every answer's text body  , and if the text matches one of the answer patterns  , we consider the answer text to be relevant  , and non-relevant otherwise. Attributes are circled  , and edges are marked with their function types. For brevity  , Table 3 shows LIME results for only five parallel sections for " real " inputs too large for simulation  , including one from a benchmark PLSA from bioParallel benchmark 10 that is infeasible to run in simulation. With the explosion of on-line non-English documents  , crosslanguage information retrieval CLIR systems have become increasingly important in recent years. When data objects are represented by d-dimensional feature vectors   , the goal of similarity search for a given query object q  , is to find the K objects that are closest to q according to a distance function in the d-dimensional space. Additionally  , there is no natural way to assign probability to new documents. For clarity we used the types regular-dvd and discount-dvd rather than the cryptic types dvd 1 and dvd 2 of Example 3. A query that produces many results is hurt more by a blocking Sort and benefits more from a semi/fully pipelined pattern tree match physical evaluation. Various search criteria can be specified by filling in a search form. A number of studies have investigated sentiment classification at document level  , e.g. Knowledge of previous objects can be maintained for short durations if temporally occluded or when an object is missed due to the number of matched key-points dropping below the minP ts threshold required by DBSCAN. It checks the available memory before each merge step and adjusts the fan-in accordingly. For all environments  , the initial holonomic path is computed using a dynamic programming planner. We expect better results when the initial concept recognition is more complete. Our second major enhancement to traditional parallel coordinates visualization allows the user to query shapes based on approximate pattern matching. These deviations from mean ratings are then compared for each vector component  , that is  , for each technology pair being evaluated with regard to synergetic potential. Figure 8shows an example of this technique in action. The first and simplest level is trying RaPiD7 out according to the general idea of RaPiD7. For each o✏ine metric m and each value of #unjudged from 1 to 9 we compute the weighted Pearson correlation similar to 10  between the metric signal and the interleaving signal. 19  , 22  , 14. Only the title and description fields of the topics were used in query formulation. The vibration response is shown in figure 8. 4.3 on a training data set. Fig- ure 13shows the average characteristics of the faceted interfaces generated by these methods. These persistent terms are especially useful for matching navigational queries  , because the relevance of documents for these queries are expected to not change over time. 1 sort the attribute-based partition  , compressing if possible 2 build a B-Tree like index which consists of pointers beginning and end to the user-specified category boundaries for the attribute. Two additional Javascript libraries provided the time-line 2 and rectangular area select for copy/paste 3 capabilities. Our experimental results show that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropy-based LSH methods to achieve desired search accuracy and query time. We omit queries issued by clicking on the next link and use only first page requests 10 . There are two key considerations in applying a quadratic programming approach. Focused crawlers are programs designed to selectively retrieve Web pages relevant to a specific domain for the use of domainspecific search engines and digital libraries. It also and provides typical compression of the dataset of 10-100 times over memory-based methods. To achieve this we sampled at 1537 samples 95% confidence for % 5  of error estimate and identified whether new samples with high similarity added any new interesting search terms. Our most relevant work 10  presented a method to predict the performance of CLIR according to translation quality and ease of queries. Segmentations to piecewise constant functions were done with the greedy top-down method  , and the error function was the sum of squared errors which is proportional to log-likelihood function with normal noise. Also  , the greater their number  , the higher the relevance. Furthermore   , these texts are often mixed with English  , which makes detection of transliterated text quite difficult. Rather than applying each separately  , it is reasonable to merge them into a joint probabilistic model with a common set of underlying topics as shown in Fig. Web pages on stackoverflow .com are optimized towards search engines and performance . The first observation is that  , both the inverse user frequency weighting and the variance weighting do not improve the performance from the User Index baseline method that does not use any weighting for items. The mason for this query being an outlier is not clear  , as the subject matter for this query was not markedly different from the others. Based on this model  , we introduce a dynamic programming solution for splitting a given set of trajectories optimally. As mentioned in section 2.4  , however  , because related parameters are not tuned for RL3 and RL4 in our runs  , results reported in this section may not indicate the optimized results for each method. Well-known query optimization strategies CeP84 push selections down to the leaves of a query tree. Audio signals consists of a time-series of samples  , which we denote as st. On the other hand  , in a multiuser environment much less buffer space may actually be available. The content layer is at the bottom  , since the similarity calculated based on low-level features does not have any well-defined mapping with object relevance perceived at semantic level. They formalized the problem as that of classification and employed Support Vector Machines as the classifier. The likelihood function of a graph GV  , E given the latent labeling is Property 1 Let Y be an identifier tidset of a cluster C. Then Y is closed. The weights for the DLS cont ,rol strategy 10 are chosen as K = 100 and W  , = 1. , q |Q| have higher probabilities than given the document model for D1. Once we created the testing datasets  , we extract topics from the data using both PLSA and NetPLSA. Deep learning with bottom-up transfer DL+BT: A deep learning approach with five-layer CAES and one fully connected layer. , 74% less than the case of hlm  , i.e. Explicitly  , we derive theoretical properties for the model of mining substitution rules. , to assign relevance ranking values to unlabeled documents based on some relevance judgments we must incorporate a prior so as to avoid over-fitting the labeled data. The selection of which method to use may depend on the implementation hardware as each provides similar statistical performance. If there are other peaks with similar matching scores then the disparity computation is ambiguous repeating pattern and the reliability is set to a low value. There are research works e.g. We then proceed to detail the supervised machine learning technique used for key concept identification and weighting. While this difference is visually apparent  , we also ensure it is statistically significant using two methods: 1 the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test  , and 2 a permutation test  , to verify that the two samples are drawn from different probability distributions. After making a relevance judgment a NASA TLX questionnaire would be displayed. , pixel addition that will eventually be expressed in terms of atomic operators e.g. Because we have a much smaller testing set the curves are less smooth  , however  , SimpleRank clearly beats Random up to the first 2 ,000 examples. 13 for query q. Both '/' and '//' in the pattern are treated as regular tree edges. One of the key challenges in CLIR is what to do when more than one possible translation is known. To illustrate this  , suppose that the merge phase of an external sort started with IO runs and I I buffers  , which allowed all runs to be merged at once as in Figure 2a. 11  used dynamic programming to implement analytical operations on multi-structural databases. Yet we still compare LSSH to CHMIS to verify the ability of LSSH to promote search performance by merging knowledge from heterogeneous data sources. In numerical optimization  , maximization of an optimization function is a standard problem which can be solved using stochastic gradient descent 5. 0 Research work on time sequences has mainly dealt with similarity search which concerns shapes of time sequences. We further incorporate the probabilistic query segmentation into a unified language model for information retrieval. Thus  , the Shannon Entropy forms a type of lower bound on the dimensionality of the index space. Note that the English and Chinese documents are not parallel texts. As a partial solution to mitigate the shortage of missing product master data in the context of e-commerce on the Web of Data  , we propose the BME- cat2GoodRelations converter. For similarity search under cosine similarity  , this works well  , for only similarity close to 1 is interesting. While random generation showed promising results  , it would be useful to consider a more guided search for test generation. By maximizing the regularized log-likelihood  , Laplacian pLSA softly assigns documents to the same cluster if they 1 share many terms and 2 belong to the same explicit subtopics. Using deviance measures  , e.g. For histograms the interface would be the boundary bucket which contains the partition; for wavelets this would be the interaction with the sibling. Since conversations are open with more than one appropriate responses  , MAP and nDCG scores indicate the full capacity of the retrieval systems. As with joins in relational queries  , optimization of navigation operations is crucial for efficiently executing complex Web queries. 3 Information hiding/unhiding by folding tree branches. As long as the batch is sampled in an unbiased fashion  , this procedure can be applied to provide an accurate estimate of the error rate for a given set of documents. We used the Search Friend system to investigate the role richer search interfaces play during different search tasks. worked on snippet generation for a semantic search engine Sindice that indexes instance data 2. Table 3shows these results. We proposed several methods to solve this problem  , including summarization-based methods such as MEAD and MEAD-SIM and probabilistic retrieval methods such as Specifications Generation model  , Review and Specifications Generation model  , and Translation model. It was important to make the best use of the previously tagged documents  , and to ensure that regular expressions used by the system were not too specic as to require multiple expressions for a single question construct. 4 explore random walk models on the click graph for propagating click information to URLs which have not been clicked.  Sort By allows users to change the ordering of the displayed search results. This reader provides thumbnail overviews  , freehand pen annotations  , highlighting  , text sticky notes  , bookmarks  , and full text keyword search. Alternatively   , pointing at the 'search' item in the control window causes the text window to display the next occumence of the searched-for item. , the associated nonterminal of the pattern root and of the variable symbols in σΓ in the pattern specification. Since the maximum value is 3 the interval estimate has -yg-  , a high confidence level. The proposed dual-robot assembly station has several features which require more intelligent programming for operation. As the size of the rule search space increases exponentially with the number of variables in ungrounded rules  , enumerating rules quickly becomes infeasible for longer rules. Through a large-scale user study with academic experts from several areas of knowledge  , we demonstrate the suitability of the proposed association and normalization models to improve the effectiveness of a state-of-the-art expert search approach. The Query Evaluator parses the query and builds an operator based query tree. A table is created whose rows correspond to combinations of property values of blocks that can be involved in a put action. In sum  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. This is similar to our earlier experiments in the TREC Web track 4  , 5 . T o obtain a successor node during hill climbing mode  , the following steps are taken. sometimes a user prefers one search engine to another for some types of search tasks. PV-DBOW maps words and documents into low-dimension dense vectors. Suppose we want to compute a trajectory be:ween an initial and a final configuration. 0 For a rule r   , we define the function h from the set of distinguished variables in r to the set of all variables in r. For a distinguished variable x  , hx is the variable that appears in the recursive predicate in the antecedent in the same position as x appears in the consequent.  KLSH-Weight: We evaluate the mAP performance of all kernels on the training set  , calculate the weight of each kernel w.r.t. Finally  , there might be months that are more olfactory pleasant than others. Then  , the signal is classified as voice or unvoice using a Support Vector Machine classifier. As discussed in Section 2.1  , the pQ normalization factor in the scoring function 2 does not affect the ranking of the documents because it is constant for all documents Di given a specific topic Q. The input specification is given as a regular expression and describes the set of possible inputs to the PHP program. In the next step  , we would like to analyze the effect of usercontributed annotations and semantic linkage on the effectiveness of the map retrieval system. The following definition will specify how complex formulae from F  , which serve as annotations for results of matching complex graph pattern  , will be derived. For the step a  , we can write t  , = ct  , + wt  , + 1.2 vlogv wstcs which accounts for reading all the documents in the collection   , parsing all the words  , and sorting the vocabulary to generate a perfect hash. There are two main problems with using the Spearman correlation coefficient for the present work. Therefore  , the overall unified hash functions learning step can be very efficient. No statistically significant improvements over the baseline were observed for the fine fax resolution or the standard fax resolution not shown. Similarly  , the second phase of bitonic sort involves merging each even-indexed 2- item block with the 2-item block immediately following it  , producing a list where consecutive 4-item blocks are sorted in alternating directions. Feature matching method needs to abstract features e.g. Researchers explicitly attempted to model word occurrences in relevant and nonrelevant classes of documents  , and used their models to classify the document into the more likely class. If the same types of dependencies were capture by both syntactic and semantic dependencies  , LCE would be expected to perform about equally as well as relevance models. The first heuristic called " search-near-goal " drives to the parking space that is closest to the target location and then searches for the next free parking spot in a random walk fashion . Later  , when the designer needs to model the transport system between production cells of the flexible manufacturing system  , he can search in the repository and recover candidates models for reuse. Customization support is done at the level of individual learning concepts and progressions  , not just at the level of broad course topics. The method proposed in this paper is completely automatic and no manual effort is required to the user. Note that the value of local features may be larger than 1 as the activation function used in the autoencoder is ReLU for better sparsity. Turbulence in the airflow produces a fluctuating chemical concentration at the robot. Miller-Charles' data set is a subset of Rubenstein-Goodenough's 35 original data set of 65 word pairs. These scores are determined according to the Optimal Transposition Index OTI method 4  , which ensures a higher robustness to musical variations. However  , specific non-dictionary nouns and proper names often supply key evidence on the relevance of documents with respect to a query. Therefore we have to resort to optimization techniques that are better at dealing with local minima and handling an apparently non-deterministic envi- ronment. when a URL in the Triplify namespace is accessed or in advance  , according to the ETL paradigm Extract-Transform-Load. The bars labelled with the 'o' suffix make use of a semantic optimization: We restrict the grid to the relevant region before searching for cells that contain points. But  , it is not hard to verify that the log likelihood function Lθ is concave in α and β under the parameter constraints listed in Lemma 3.1. Therefore Lye have the following result. The default implementation of these methods assumes that there is no immutable data  , and that the public mutable data consists of the entire Web archive WAR file of the replicable service application except those under WEB-INF/classes and WEB- INF/lib  , while the private mutable data consists of the HTTPSession object created for the client. Eqn.8 provides continuity from this self-learn value as well as allowing for a varying degree of influence from the selfrelevant on the whole relevant set  , controlled by the learning rate 'rIQ and the number of iterations VQ. The freedom in choosing a heuristic is very large. Their model explores the d2d-link graph to detect some community cores and then uses text information to improve community consistency. Experience The main effect of the searchexperience attribute 1 if search  , 0 if experience shows a higher conversion rate for search products online at 0.003207. The latter results in the visualization of the SSG. Basically   , the same rules apply to this case. The numhcr  , placement  , and effective use of data copies is an important design prohlem that is clearly intcrdcpcndent with query optimization and data allocation. The effectiveness and efficiency of this strategy relative to comparable baselines is then shown in subsequent sections for two applications: CLIR  , and retrieval of scanned documents using OCR. This march towards dynamic web content has improved the web's utility and the experience of web users  , but it has also led to more complexity in programming web applications. Table 6summarizes the results for these three methods. In the second model  , which we call the " Direct Retrieval " model  , we take each text query and compute the probability of generating a member of the feature vocabulary. We present an approach where potential target mentions of an SE are ranked using supervised machine learning Support Vector Machines where the main features are the syntactic configurations typed dependency paths connecting the SE and the mention. The types of actuator design of self-folding sheets are determined by a selected actuator design function in Sec. Thus  , for materialized views  , it may be adequate to limit support to a subclass of common operations where view substitution has a large query execution payoff. We participated in the 1999 TREC-8 ad hoc text retrieval evalu- ation 8. target formats can be executed loss-free; however  , this cannot be said in general for the transformation of a source to a target format. Most of the work in evaluating search effectiveness has followed the Text REtrieval Conference TREC methodology of using a static test collection and manual relevance judgments to evaluate systems. The general interest score is the cosine similarity between the user general interest model and the suggestion model in terms of their vector representations. Any attempts to successfully characterize the intermediate structures or analyze common folding pathways  , either between multiple runs of a single protein or among the results of several proteins  , would hinge on an effective structural representation. search functionality. Library means that the copyright of the material is owned by the organization that the library belongs to  , and is administered by the library. The work presented by 12  , 16  proves that the features of a sentence/document can be learnt through its word embedding. Some comparison between the methods can be found in the section 3.3 and discussion about the biological relevance of the results in the section 3.4. In 3   , a learning strategy is used for determining similarity between records. Thus  , semantically  , the class of deterministic regular expressions forms a strict subclass of the class of all regular expressions. Our work however differs from their method in several aspects. MaxMiner also first uses dynamic reordering which reorder the tail items in the increasing order of their supports. We discuss this optimization problem in more detail in Section 4. While the systematic techniques used sophisticated heuristics to make them more effective  , the type of random testing used for comparison is unguided random testing  , with no heuristics to guide its search. Good query optimization is as important for 00 query languages as it is for relational query languages. An estimatc of the exploration cost  , denoted R  , is used during learning and is calculated using the current estimate of the Q-valucs  , Q  s   , a  . In many CNN based text classification models  , the first step is to convert word from one-hot sparse representation to a distributed dense representation using Word Embedding . The itemset search space traversal strategy that is used is depth-first 18  , breadth-first 2  , or based on the pattern-growth methodology 22. To effectively leverage supervised Web resource and reduce the domain gap between general Web images and personal photos  , we have proposed a transfer deep learning approach to discover the shared representations across the two domains. In the first attempt  , we defined three different detection methods: maximum entropy  , regular expression  , and closed world list. This is a standard trade-off in fitting multiple models to data 8. This is useful because users generally use such rules to disambiguate names; for an example  , " if the affiliations are matched  , and both are the first author  , then .. " . In Section 3.6.1  , we show that breadthfirst search appears to be more efficient than depth-first search. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt for mining users' roles within a collaborative search  , which enables implicitly and dynamically assigning roles to users in which they can be most e↵ective at the current search stage. Our goal in the design of the PIA model and system was to allow a maximum freedom in the formulation and combination of predicates while still preserving a minimum semantic consensus necessary to build a meaningful user interface  , an eaecient query evaluator  , user proaele manager  , persistence manager etc. This section tries to point out similarities and differences of the presented approach with respect to other statistical IR models presented in the literature. Besides generating seed patterns  , the Pattern Matching method also relies on the ability of tagging the words correctly. Comparing the temporal SSM models versus the baselines  , we observe that for the General class of queries the model that smooths surprises performs the best. Retrieval results using individual lexicons are significantly worse than those using the combination of the three lexical resources  , confirming findings by other researchers that lexicon coverage is critical for CLIR performance Levow and Oard  , 1999. In case of fielded search users can search for pictures by expressing restrictions on the owner of the pictures  , the location where they were taken  , their title  , and on the textual description of the pictures. However  , the performance of the DOM crawler in addition to the Hub-Seeking crawler is significantly better than the Naive Best-First crawler on average target recall@10000 Figure 4d We base such evaluation on a dataset with 50K observations ad  , dwellT ime  , which refer to 2.5K ads provided by over 850 advertisers. The final solution to the optimization problem is a setting of the parameters w and a pruning threshold that is a local maximum for the Meet metric. Run dijkstra search from the initial node as shown in Fig.5.2. At each site  , a singlesite cost-based optimizer generates optimized execution plans for the subqueries. However  , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic  , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory  , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. A regular expression is used to segment a piece of text to tokens. This paper explores the use of word embeddings of enhance IR effectiveness. Related to this effort  , the D-Lib Working Group on Digital Library Metrics 2 was formed and was involved in the organisation of a workshop 3 in 1998  , which addressed several aspects of DL evaluation. Input rule files are compiled into a graph representation and a depth first search is performed to see if a certain token starts a pattern match. The basic idea is to model the event sequence as a play  , with objects as actors. , orgamzlng map h-a remarkable tradition in effective reg~ tance 7  , 8. In an early attempt  , Anuta l  used cross-correlation to search for corresponding features between registered images; later he introduced the idea of using fast Fourier transform. Finally  , I would like to thank Tuomas Lamminpää  , Kai Koskimies and Ilkka Haikala for giving solid contribution by reviewing this paper several times. In that case  , we will consider the major to minor ordering R.d  , R.b for nested loop and R.b  , R.d for sort-merge. Their research also supports the findings of Hull and Grefenstette 14 that phrase translations are important for CLIR. Note that in the following we refer to the number of triples matching a pattern as the size of the pattern. A formal model: More specifically  , let the distribution associated with node w be Θw. This poses the following two major predicatability problems: the problem of predicting how the system will execute e.g  , use index or sequntial scan  , use nested loop or sort merge a given query; the problem of eliminating the effect of data placement   , pagination and other storage implementation factors that can potentially distort the observations and thus lead to unpredictable behavior. Laplacian kernels are defined mathematically by the pseudoinversion of the graph's Laplacian matrix L. Depending on the precise definition  , Laplacian kernels are known as resistance distance kernels 15  , random forest kernels 2  , random walk or mean passage time kernels 4  and von Neumann kernels 14. We implement a CNN using a common framework and conduct experiments on 85 datasets. See 21 for discussion on the impact of search order on distance computation. Then  , DBSCAN visits the next object of the database D. The retrieval of density-reachable objects is performed by successive region queries. Some possible extensions include:  Perform thresholding on dynamic programming parse chart cells based on " goodness " of a particular parse rather than on a strict cell quota. According to the best of our knowledge  , this is the first paper that describes an end-to-end system for answering fact lookup queries in search engines. Besides  , the likelihood of the wavelet coefficients being composed of highly concentrated values is calculated because the histogram of wavelet coefficients in a text block tends to have several concentrated values while that of a photograph does not. Nagelkerke pseudo R 2 was 0.35  , which hints that the model explains about 35 % of the variation in interest scores. , Google with song  , album and artist names. Our aim is to eliminate this limitation by " normalixing " the query to keep only semantic information that is tmessay to evaluate the query. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search  , and syntactic dependency matching . In general  , a better fit corresponds to a bigger LL and/or a smaller KS-distance. In our example  , the only entry of the graph is " Floor- Request " . She also chooses a city DuTH B vs A +24 ,58% +23 ,14% +41 ,19% and rates its consisting POIs using the same criteria. Since Pearson correlation is the evaluation metric for prediction quality  , there should be as many queries as possible in both the train and test sets. Financial data  , such as macro-economic indicator time series for countries  , information about mergers and acquisition M&A deals between companies  , or stock price time series  , is typically stored in relational databases  , requiring domain expertise to search and retrieve. We are planning to study a game-like interface for structurization. In other words  , lr/s = information -misinformation = coherence -confusion In a sense  , the system ranks might be considered inversely related to the probability that a document will be examined; the user ranks  , to the probability that a document will be useful. , www.banking.com/img/lib/shell3.php  , were never made public   , anyone who knows them  , must know them because a shell  , either through client-side  , or server-side homephoning   , leaked its precise URL to an attacker. In order to use the self-organizing map to cluster text documents  , the various texts have to be represented as the histogram of its words. Conversion functions are logically executed at the end of a modification block. This means users have small variance on these queries  , and the search engine has done well for these queries  , while on the queries with click entropy≥2.5  , the result is disparate: both P-Click and G-Click methods make exciting performance. The "empirical" rewards obtained in the simulation are used to update the expected value of taking the action -in other words to update the current approxi­ mation Q. Our second model Entity-centric estimates the relevance of each individual entity within the collection and then aggregates these scores to determine the collection's relevance. Figure 6shows the web page screenshots of – i question deleted by moderator left and ii question deleted by author right. Our proposed approach uses a low latency multi-scale voxelization strategy that is capable of accurately estimating the shape and pose parameters of relevant objects in a scene. Our results show that both proposed methods improve the baseline in different ways  , thus suggesting that Linked Data can be a valuable source of knowledge for the task of concept recommendation. To help us obtain a deeper understanding of the users' search behaviors  , their interactions with the system were recorded using screen-capture software  , and they provided a think-aloud protocol during each search task. Using the semantic relevance measure  , retrieval tasks were performed to evaluate the semantic relevance measure and the categorized and weighted pictogram retrieval approach. To assess the theoretical suitability of different folksonomies for decentralized search we plot the distance distribution first. , 10  , 22  , 24 as long as the models can be modified to deal with weighted instances. The role pattern correlation matrix is the most likely similar to the collaborative group correlation matrix. Figure 11 shows the response time results for the recursive random search combined with LHS. By quantifying the amount of information required to explain probability distribution changes  , the proposed least information theory LIT establishes a new basic information quantity and provides insight into how terms can be weighted based on their probability distributions in documents vs. in the collection. We studied two techniques to cluster data incrementally as it arrives  , one based on sort-merge and the other on hashing. Best first searches combine the advantages of heuristics with other blind search techniques like DFS and BFS $. Measuring semantic quantities of information requires innovation on the theory  , better clarification of the relationship between information and entropy  , and justification of this relationship. Another topic for future \irork is providing support for cancelling submitted subqueries to the scheduler when a restrict or a join node yields an empty result. The approach is based on applying the Cross Entropy optimization method 13 upon permutations of the list. Hybrid policies minimize the flushing of intermediate buffers from main memory   , and hence can decrease the I/O cost for a given execution. Such federated search has the additional benefits of lower computational cost and better scaling properties. This article defined three cost functions which quantitatively reflected the susceptibility of a manipulator to a free-swinging joint failure. is equal to the probability density function reflecting the likelihood that the reachability-distance of p w.r.t. By controlling for quality and position  , statistically significant positive estimates of wT and wA would imply that click behavior is biased towards more attractive titles and abstracts  , respectively   , beyond their correlation with relevance. Scene was implemented in Oberon which is both an object-oriented programming language 1 3  and a runtime environment 18  , 25 providing garbage collection   , dynamic module loading  , run-time types  , and commands. To ensure the FFT functioned appropriately  , the data was limited to a range which covered only an integer number of cycles. We give examples of both ways of generating the test eases. Some other approaches for directly optimizing IR measures use Genetic Programming 1  , 49 or approximate the IR measures with the functions that are easy-to-handle 44  , 12. Chuang and Chien proposed a technique for categorizing Web query terms from the click-through logs into a pre-defined subject taxonomy based on their popular search interests 4 . To measure prediction quality  , we follow common practice in work on QPP for document retrieval 2. Executor traverses the query plan tree and carries out join operations sequentially according to join sequence numbers determined by Optimizer. If the friendship measure is larger than the threshold  , the friend ID with its rating information is sent back to the target peer. Application of the SPC was demonstrated for a planar robotic assembly task by 5. The search types known item search and general search are not as distinctive as their labels and different evaluation methods may suggest. Stage 5: The number of runs could not be merged in a single step and the sort is performing intermediate merges during this stage. This is similar to building a relevance model for each document 3. Treating V r as required nodes  , V s as steiner nodes  , and the log-likelihood function as the weight function  , WPCT sp approximately computes an undirected minimum steiner tree T . Lemma 2 shows this crease pattern is correct. We also write some regular expression to match some type of entities . Furthermore  , the search in OASIS is driven by a suffix tree  , which results in significant pruning of the search space. As before  , the smaller value of w relates to a better bound on suboptimality and therefore makes the search harder. ILQUA has been built as an IE-driven QA system ; it extracts answers from documents annotated with named entity tags. In the " cooking recipe " case  , the performances cannot be improved even using page content  , since all the considered sites are effectively on the topic " cooking recipes "   , and then there is a semantic reason because such sites are connected . In 3  , search pruning is done by synchronously traversing the two input R-trees depth-first whereas in BFRJ it is achieved by synchronized breadth-first traversal of both R-trees. The proposed measure takes into account the probability and similarity in a set of pictogram interpretation words  , and to enhance retrieval performance   , pictogram interpretations were categorized into five pictogram categories using the Concept Dictionary in EDR Electronic Dictionary. A potential transformation is made by selecting one of the sets belonging to Ë and then replacing a random point in this -set by a random point not in the -set. Some of the search engines such as AltaVista 12  allow limiting the search to a specific category. However the matching is not straightforward because of the two reasons. Components with only one motif were left out  , as they do not include information about the relationships of the motifs . , " When was the first camera invented "   , etc. XAP/l's Search Executive uses a simple form of the A* search to find an optimal plan. The significance of differences is confirmed by the T-test for paired values for each two methods p<0.05. We compute the discrete plan as a tree using the breadth first search. We used 'http' as the keyword to target only tweets containing links. We should also note what happens when there are less than k optimal answers in the data set. For the same workflow size  , GA* 100  , NetGA 100 and NetGA 50 maintain runtime ratios of about 4:2:1 regardless of the number of services per task. In summary  , the recall precision curves of all three categories present negative slopes  , as we hoped for  , allowing us to tune our system to achieve high precision. In particular  , we will test how well our approach carries over to different types of domains. To our knowledge  , no one has yet tried to incorporate such a thesaurus within the language modeling framework. It submits each query to the search engine and checks whether they are valid for x. The inference is done by Variational EM and the evaluation is done by measuring the accuracy of predicted location and showing anecdotal results. Table 4: TopX runs with probabilistic pruning for various at k = 10 a number of novel features: carefully designed  , precomputed index tables and a cost-model for scheduling that helps avoiding or postponing random accesses; a highly tuned method for index scans and priority queue management; and probabilistic score predictors for early candidate pruning. Usage of correct translations shall help reveal the necessity of translation. It is possible to use the out of bag error to decide when to stop adding classifiers to a random forest ensemble or bagged ensemble. We introduce the latent variable to indicate each topic under users and questions. It is important to understand the basic differences between our scenario and a traditional centralized setting which also has query operators characterized by costs and selectivities. For the QALD experiments described later  , we annotated the query using DBpedia Spotlight 7. To remove the difference in rating scale between users when computing the similarity  , 15  has proposed to adjust the cosine similarity by subtracting the user's average rating from each co-rated pair beforehand. Another unique feature is the exploration of a new and automatic method for deriving word based transfer dictionaries from phrase based transfer dictionaries. Based on the 149 topics of the Terabyte tracks  , the results of modified Lucene significantly outperform the original Lucene and are comparable to Juru's results. For this pattern  , dbo:City is more likely to be a domain than dbo:Scientist  , and so for the range. Within the WSMT we cater for such users and provide them with additional features including syntax highlighting  , syntax completion  , in line error notification  , content folding and bracket highlighting. As an alternative  , we also explored three ways of incorporating translation probabilities directly into the formulae: 1. To model the existence of outliers  , we employ the total probability theorem to obtain Precision is defined as gcd/gcd+bcd and recall is defined as gcd/gcd+gncd were gcd is the number of documents belonging to the collection that are found  , bcd is the number of documents that do not belong to the collection that are found also called false positives and gncd is the number of documents belonging to the collection that are not found also called false negatives. The most challenging aspect is the search capability of the system  , which is referred to as crosslingual information retrieval CLIR. The SRS was placed in hallways within the model. In sequence-to-sequence generation tasks  , an LSTM defines a distribution over outputs and sequentially predicts tokens using a softmax function. In each search task  , participants were required to read task description  , complete pre-and post-questionnaires  , and search information on Wikipedia using either of the two user interfaces.  Recognition of session boundary using temporal closeness and probabilistic similarity between queries. Generally  , a chemical similarity search is to search molecules with similar structures as the query molecule. Therefore  , feature learning is an alternative way to learn discriminative features automatically from data. The second was a segmented record data structure: the primary segment simply contains a pointer to the secondary segmen~ which contains the data fields. 1  , we see that the user's utility at an action vector a depends on his utility at each of the vectors a + ei. To choose the best plan  , we use a dynamic programming approach. The focus of previous works1  , 4 did key-term selection in the mono-lingual environment; however  , our discovery of various causes such as pre-and post-translation query expansion would influence the preference of translation in CLIR. It implements a well-defined control structure for the control of the gripper. Approximate solutions can be found by adjoining the constraints with a penalty function 13. Semantic relevance. Thus  , specification-based and program-based test cases need not be rerun. Updates may cause swapping via the bubble sort  , splitting  , and/or merging of tree nodes Updates to DB does not lead to any swapping of tree nodes  old gets changed. Summary-based optimization The rewritten query can be more efficient if it utilizes the knowledge of the structural summary. A CLIR BMIR-J2 collection was constructed by manually translating the Japanese BMIR-J2 requests into English. For finding meta-index entries that contain terms of interest to the user  , the Search Meta-Index page provides a search engine that allows users to drill down on search results through three views. While query and clickthrough logs from search engines have been shown to be a valuable source of implicit supervision for training retrieval methods  , the vast majority of users' browsing behavior takes place beyond search engine interactions. So without prior knowledge  , efficient search  , compare to trial and error   , is possible. Note that the definition of " Noise " is equivalent to DBSCAN. Similar to existing work 18   , the document-topic relevance function P d|t for topic level diversification is implemented as the query-likelihood score for d with respect to t each topic t is treated as a query. This approach is suitable for building a comprehensive index  , as found in search engines such as Google or AltaVista. During learning  , it is necessary to choose the next action to execute. It provides evidence that pages with visible group traffic are more attractive to students than top pages returned by the search engine. Second  , we identify a set of regular expressions that define the set of signal tweets. As we showed before  , functions could be expressed by trees. Operations loc and next are easily implemented with a linked-list data structure  , while for nextr search engines augment the linked lists with tree-like data structures in order to perform the operation efficiently. We leave a more extensive evaluation including such heuristics as future work. One of the advantages of using MART is that we can obtain a list of features learned by the model  , ordered by evidential weight. It is intuitive that the LM-UNI model will lead to much better results in the monolingual setting  , as the amount of shared words between different languages is typically very limited  , and therefore other representations for CLIR are sought 41 see next. Ideally the Kendall-τ 3 Similar results were also observed for Pearson correlation but not reported due to lack of space. First  , random forest can achieve good accuarcy even for the problem with many weak variables each variable conveys only a small amount of information. , June 5 to 11. The readers can find advanced document embedding approaches in 7. In this work nodes and edges of the page graph are assigned weights using both query-dependent and independent factors see 5. Therefore   , we are going to use the JoBimText framework 5  to create symbolic conceptualizations . When the sequence length t is large  , the huge number of classes makes the multi-class Support Vector Machine infeasible. Mathematically   , given a sequence of training words w1  , w2  , ..  , wT   , the goal of Skip-gram model is to maximize the log probability Even then  , the exhaustive search is lirmted in the range and resolution of the weights considered  , and often has to be approximated by either gradient-descent or decomposmon techniques. For estimating L2 distance  , however   , we actually want low error across the whole range. Each PS shard stores input and output vectors for a portion of the words from the vocabulary. the binary independent retrieval BIR model 15 and some state-of-the-art language models proposed for IR in the literature. The second optimization exploits the concept of strong-token. The first one is the residual-based stiffness estimator in 14. It can be observed that there is a good agreement between the stationary solution corresponding to z 1   , which is the global minimum  , and the solution obtained from the dynamic programming approach. This was particularly important in the sort-merge  ,join cast. Automatic dictionarytranslationsareattractivebecause they are cost effective and easy to perform  , resources are ily available  , and performance is similar to that of other CLIR methods. There are many promising future directions. Because mathematical expressions are often distinguished by their structure rather than relying merely on the symbols they include  , we describe two search paradigms that incorporate structure: 1. Deep hashing: Correspondence Auto-Encoders CorrAE 5 8 learns latent features via unsupervised deep auto-encoders  , which captures both intra-modal and inter-modal correspondences   , and binarizes latent features via sign thresholding. The random relative access rate tells which fraction of clicks will be made on links with a specific property if the user selects links in the search results list randomly. In the task decomposition approach  5    , the Q-learning is closed inside each subtask. Through training  , each pattern is assigned the probability that the matching text contains the correct answer. The matching problem is then defined as verifying whether GS is embedded in GP or isomorphic to one or more subgraphs of GP . b represents the numbero f states explored and the trial  , in which an equilibrium was found  , as a functions of the initial value of α. games with the opponent modeling via fictitious play. Reference-based indexing 7  , 11  , 17  , 36  can be considered as a variation of vector space indexing. Prior research utilized the integration of IPC code similarity between a query patent and retrieved patents to re-rank the results in the prior art search literature 4 ,5. We use WordNet and some Web resources to find list of entities and tag their type. Thus  , a monolingual retrieval engine does not need to be altered after translating queries into the target language. A set of sufficient conditions for showing that a folding preserves violations of specifications expressed in propositional temporal logic are given in YouSS. The regular expression code for matching each part of package names is: This method can also be used to identify classes sharing the same name but belonging to two different packages. 11 asked users to re-rate a set of movies they had rated six weeks earlier  , and found that the Pearson ¥ correlation between the ratings was 0.83. and thus does not necessarily guarantee an optimal path in the shortest path sense. P Shot i  = constant. To handle this 1-n generation  , we found it convenient to code the set of candidate answers using a regular expression. Those nodes N  whose subtrees use a nearly optimal partitioning are stored in the dynamic programming table as field nearlyopt. This is done by interpreting the regular expression as an expression over an algebra of functions. Predictability " is approximated by the predictive power of a support vector machine. To accelerate learning rate  , model-based methods construct empirical models which are not known in advance  , and  , use statistical techniques and dynamic programming to estimate the utility of taking actions in states of the world. , bottom-up and top-down transfer: The same architecture and training set as DL+BT except for the ontology priors embedded in the top  , fully connected layer. Traditional Aesthetic Predictor: What if existing aesthetic frameworks were general enough to assess crowdsourced beauty ? Pearson correlation coefficients were interpreted according to the widely accepted rule-of-thumb. While most existing studies have concentrated on CLIR between English and one or more European languages  , there is a need to develop methods for CLIR between European and Asian languages . Next  , we show how this atomic formula can be expressed in SRPQs. index join  , nested loops join  , and sort-merge join are developed and used to compare the average plan execution costs for the different query tree formats. The outputs are then used as input to a Support Vector Machine  , that combines optimally the different cue contributions. State-of-the-Art. When manifold ranking is applied to retrieval such as image retrieval  , after specifying a query by the user  , we can use the closed form or iteration scheme to compute the ranking score of each point. Moreover  , MindFinder also enables users to tag during the interactive search  , which makes it possible to bridge the semantic gap. Note that our model is different from the copying models introduced by Simon 17  in that the choice of items in our model is determined by a combination of frequency and recency. To manage affine gaps  , OASIS and S-W must expand three dynamic programming matrices. First  , since the neural language model essentially exploits word co-occurrence in a text corpus   , for a label of relatively low occurrence  , its embedding vector could be unreliable for computing its similarity to images and other labels. This approach benefits from a better performance by avoiding multiple input parsing. Each secondary structure is input to the FSM one character at a time until either the machine enters a final matching state or it is determined that the input sequence does not match the query sequence. However  , denoising autoencoders avoid these approaches by randomly corrupting the input x prior to training. Hereto  , we apply Laplacian pLSA 6 also referred to as regularized topic models 24   , using the document similarities given by Eq. With the similarity in terms of technology and interface design  , why do only a small number of search engines dominant Web traffic ? This has certain advantages like a very fast training procedure that can be applied to massive amounts of data  , as well as a better understanding of the model compared to increasingly popular deep learning architectures e.g. As to tokenization  , we removed HTMLtags   , punctuation marks  , applied case-folding  , and mapped marked characters into the unmarked tokens. Query Load. It is noticeable that on topic set 1-50  , click logs remarkably outperform the other two resources across all settings of K. A possible explanation is that this topic set is derived from query logs of commercial search engines 12  , and therefore the click logs have a relatively high coverage and turn out to be an effective resource for these topics. However  , γ i is also low when significant noise are overlapped. Together  , these two factors slow down the performance of page over and above the performance penalty already imposed by the larger number of merge steps. , inferring ongoing activities before they are finished. 1 Thus  , how to represent both queries and documents in the same semantic space and explore their relevance based on the click logs  , remains a challenge. Notice that the normalization factor that appears in Eq. However  , the reader may wish to refer to Appendix I  , where the join queries have been explicitly listed. Exact pattern matching in a suux tree involves one partial traversal per query. Deep learning structures are well formulated to describe instinct semantic representations. Much work has been accomplished in applying information retrieval techniques to the candidate link generation problem. Let us examine a small pattern-matching example . To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. The other methods such as LIF and LIB*TF emphasize term frequency in each document and  , with the ability to associate one document to another by assigning term weights in a less discriminative manner  , were able to achieve better recalls. For the CONTIGUOUS method the answer is always: 1; the dashed line corresponds to this performance  , and is plotted for comparison purposes. Using the best individual from the first run as the basis for a second evolutionary run we evolved a trot gait that moves at 900cm/min. Each experiment performed hill climbing on a randomly selected 90% of the division data. Second  , it would be useful to investigate customization solutions based on shared tree pattern matching  , once such technology is sufficiently developed. As described in Section 3  , the frequency is used as an exponent in the retrieval function. Model fitting and selection takes on average 7 ms  , and thus can be easily computed in real-time on a mobile robot. However   , before drawing inferences from the resulting clusters it is essential to validate the results to reduce the possibility that the clusters were identified by chance and do not actually reflect differences in the underlying data. The ranking criteria used by their approach consists of the textual similarity of the question-and-answer pairs to the query and the quality of these pairs. , bigrams. Case-folding overcomes differences between terms by representing all terms uniformly in a single case. The Postgres engine takes advantage of several Periscope/SQ Abstract Data Types ADTs and User-Defined Functions UDFs to execute the query plan. In this paper  , we seek good binary codes for words under the content reuse detection framework. The system then builds semantic representation for both the question and the selected sentences. Therefore  , we can insert the reduced PLA data into a traditional R-tree index to facilitate the similarity search. Such queries often consist of query-by-example or query-by-sketch 14. The relational operations join  , restrict and project as well as statistical summaries of tables may be used to define a view. The performance difference between our method BBC-Press and the other three methods is quite significant on all the five datasets  , given the small error bars. After all  , if projects are planned according to RaPiD7 methodology there will be a number of workshops to participate in. A derived relation is defined by a relational expression query over the base relations. We observe a slightly positive effect from abstract bolding  , although the effect is not significant with 95% confidence. For example  , we use the POS tag sequence between the entity pairs as a candidate extraction pattern. But the hash codes of images generated by baseline methods still show little relevance to their topics. In this respect  , our optimizing technique is similar to the very well-known' dynamic programming approach of SAC+791 which orders joins starting from the entire scan-operations-as we do. Each size of the model of quadrangle  , each location of the pattern matching model  , and the location of the center of iris are established. Furthermore  , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. In summary  , the ARSA model mainly comprises two components . We perform modelling experiments framed as a binary classification problem where the positive class consists of 217 of the re-clicked Tweets analysed above 5 . If the function is MIN  , for example  , the first overlay set found would be selected. The open parameters for the forest training are the minimum cardinality of the set of training points at a leaf node  , the maximum number of feature components to sampIe at each split node and the number of trees in the forest. The optimization of each stage can use statistics cardinality   , histograms computed on the outputs of the previous stages. Thus we anticipate the information organization to soon occur  , not via 'URLs' but rather via 'event tags' and across 'geo-locations'. Most implemented path planners have been developed for mobile robots and manipulators with a few degrees of freedom dof. There is actually a series of variants of DL2R model with different components and different context utilization strategies. Random search techniques  , on the other hand  , are probabilistically complete but may take a long time to find a solution 12 . To assess the effectiveness and generality of our deep learning model for text matching  , we apply it on tweet reranking task. Correlations that are significant at 0.99 are indicated with *. The first and simplest heuristic investigates estimates of search engine's page counts for queries containing the artist to be classified and the country name. The regular expression da is also referred to as the element definition or content model of a. CombMNZ may be compared to a burden of proof  , gathering pieces of evidence: documents retrieved by several source IRSs are so many clues enforcing their presumption of relevance. In block B'Res  , a Sort operation is added to order the researchers according to their key number. In Section 5  , we describe our proposed framework which is based on the Clarke Tax mechanism. These metrics use Word Embedding models newly trained using the separate Twitter background dataset  , but making use of the word2vec 5 tool. As a consequence  , there exist a number of dedicated news search engines and many of the major search portals offer a dedicated news search tab. A goal is 1 a query  , an expression space  , or an expression class  , together with 2 a set of properties the optimized plan must return For example  , a goal may be the query 'join R.a=S.b R S' with the constraint 'sorted on S.b'  , which may be mapped to 'merge-join R.a=S.b sort/partition R.a R sort/partition S.b S'. In the first step  , the original search query text is submitted to a search engine API and request for N returned documents. The common thread here is that the most plausible experiments are on real or realistic data; search tasks such as to find the documents on computer science in a collection of chemical abstracts seeded with a small number of articles by Knuth and Dijkstra are unlikely to be persuasive Tague-Sutcliffe  , 1992. proposed a contextual computing approach to improve personalized search efficiency 4. A random walk is then conducted on this subgraph and hitting time is computed for all the query nodes. In general  , high TF and low DF are preferred  , with the optimal combination of those factors typically being determined through experimentation c.f. Although our technique is designed with a focus on document-todocument similarity queries  , the techniques are also applicable to the short queries of search engines. The results of the explorations can be found in Figure 3. Next  , PLSA is used to match semantic similarity between query and web services. We simulate exploratory navigation by performing decentralized search using a greedy search strategy on the search pairs. Dynamic time warping is solved via dynamic programming 20. coordinated motion  , the equation in 3 would be used as the cost function for either optimal control or DTW. The schema designer can override the default database transformations by explicitly associating user-defined conversion functions to the class just after its change in the schema. Federated search is the approach of querying multiple search engines simultaneously  , and combining their results into one coherent search engine result page. The resulting fingerprint for Sildenafil is 1100. It also played a large role in the TREC-8 experiments of a number of groups. A pattern describes what will be affected by the transformation; an action describes the replacement for every matching instance of the pattern in the source code. Besides the semantic relevance between the ad and ad landing page  , the ad should be consistent with the style of web page. In 8  , it is shown that the Fast Fourier Transform can be used to efficiently obtain a C-space representation from the static obs1 ,acles and robot geornetry. By software  , we mean software written in programming languages  , such as C  , C + + or Java  , and of realistic size  , i.e. The grasp synthesis procedure can be viewed as a search procedure ll. Accomplishing all this in a small project would be impossible if the team were building everything from scratch. This simple but extremely flexible prioritization scheme includes as a special case the simpler strategies of breadth-first search i.e. 12where it can be seen that despite random initialization  , our approach is capable to synthesize point contact grasps that comply to different reachability constraints. Watchpoint descriptions begin with a list of module names. This means that the search space exploration time complexity is Ologn * 2 |q| . In Section 1 we discussed the challenges of learning and evaluation in the presence of noisy ground truth and sparse features. In experiments  , we find an appropriate ¡Û value manually for each dataset. The popular user-user similarity measures are Pearson Correlation Coefficient 4  , 5  and the vector sim- ilarity 3. This choice was motivated by the fact that half the publications in search-based software engineering are on software testing 25. We are still left with the task of finding short coherent chains to serve as vertices of G. These chains can be generated by a general best-first search strategy. 1 measurement of respondents' sensations  , feelings or impressions Dimension reduction techniques are one obvious solution to the problems caused by high dimensionality. Their experiments demonstrate that the visual phrase-based retrieval approach outperforms the visual word-based approach. In our implementation  , we use breadth-first search in the space of representative actions to find the shortest sequence of fence rotations to orient the part. – Example Search Terms: " Focus " – Description: A user wants to search YouTube for videos relating to a specific music artist. This indicates that an increase in the predicted value of the PREfast/PREfix defect density is accompanied by an increase in the pre-release defect density at a statistically significant level. A variety of retrieval models have been well studied in information retrieval to model relevance  , such as vector space model  , classic probabilistic model  , and language models 31  , 28  , 34  , 24  , 33  , 38 . While full-text search is currently or soon to be available across all these collections  , the huge and growing collection sizes make it difficult for users to obtain the best search results. An array representation of the spaces is constructed  , which ultimately limits the current approach to observers  , that have only a few degrees of freedom. Therefore  , such methods are not appropriate to be applied on feature sets generated from LOD. for the distribution of visual features given the semantic class. 6 Offline caching of visual similarity ranking is performed to support real-time search. Now  , recursively build both branches  , This method is an improvement in that it is symmetric and the tree struc-ture still tends to be well balanced assuming sufficiently random selection of the two points. by embedding meta data with RDFa. The other extracts the structure in some way from the text parsing  , recognizing markup  , etc. Similarity search A scoring function like a sequence kernel 9 is designed to measure similarity between formulae for similarity search. One of the receive transitions is chosen nondeterministically and the associated incoming message is returned. We introduce a set of novel features to characterize user behaviors and task repetition patterns for this new problem Section 4.3. This work investigates the effect of the following techniques in reducing HTML document size  , both individually and in combination:  general tidying-up of document  , removal of proprietary tags  , folding of whitespace; Because the HTML under consideration is automatically generated and fits the DTD  , the parser need not be able to handle incorrect HTML; it can be much less robust than the parsers used by web browsers. While they focus on model-driven engineering in contrast to us  , an interesting area of future work is likewise to which extent we can support reconstruction of behavioral views by annotations and thus use that information in evolution. This means that for k quality attributes  , Note that values 2  , 4  , 6  , and 8 represent compromises between these preferences. Not only are these extra joins expensive  , but because the complexity of query optimization is exponential in the amount of joins  , SPARQL query optimization is much more complex than SQL query optimization. , array of floating point values. In order to avoid these limitations   , we chose to use a monolingual test collection for which translated queries are available  , and to base our evaluation on the largest possible number of topics. The 7th to 11th column of Table 1shows the results of the precision of the PLSA-based image selection when the number of topics k varied from 10 to 100. To answer ML2DQ  , we adopt the same best first search approach as LDPQ. However  , the multi-query optimization technique can provide maximized capabilities of data sharing across queries once multiple queries are optimized as a batch. In the region shown  , €7: = f -'  W l    , the zero reference point s = 0 of each self-organizing map approximating a self-motion manifold is at the location of minimum manipulability  , while maximum manipulability is obtained for a value of s = MaxM of about f0.7 in units defined in 12. These studies were all large scale analyses based on random query streams  , but none focused on abandoned queries. We had found that dividing the RSV by the query length helps to normalize scores across topics. We restrict the training pages to the first k pages when traversing the website using breadth first search. The design of an application simulation is done as follows. The results also indicate that the improvements of PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa and PAMM- NTNα-NDCG doc2vec over all of the baselines are significant   , in terms of all of the performance measures. To get a weighting function representing the likelihood Out of these  , the overall color intensity gradient image I I is set to be the maximum norm of the normalized gradients computed for each color channel see figure 4a. 3 9 queries with monolingual Avg. P higher than CLIR. example of a sentiment-based search screen and its result pages. However  , semantic optimization increases the search space of possible plans by an order of magnitude  , and very ellicient searching techniques are needed to keep .the cost'of optimization within reasonable limits. Representation is necessary since the company running the web site wishes to pick a subset of ads such that a certain objective function e.g. the one that is to be classified with respect to a similarity or dissimilarity measure. In consequence  , we have developed a practical plug-and-play solution for similarity indexing that only requires an LSH-compatible similarity function as input. The TrackMeNot project 12   , for example   , inserts random queries into the stream of queries issued by a user  , with the intent of making it harder for a search engine company to determine a particular user's interests. courses  , students  , professors are generated. As in the experiments in search diversity  , the λ parameter in xQuAD and RxQuAD is chosen to optimize for ERR-IA on each dataset. Experimental results on a real clickthrough data show that the method can not only cover 413 the OOV queries out of 500 queries  , but also achieve 62.2% in top-1 to 80.0% in top-5 precision. Specifically  , a sentence consisting of a mentioned location set and a term set is rated in terms of the geographic relevance to location and the semantic relevance to tag   , as   , where The additional search-engine data structures ensure that we have at most one disk access per operation. Typically one to three dimensions account for this much variance  , but our result is comparable to similar analyses of large matrices 24. The results of fitting the heteroscedastic model in the data can be viewed below  , > summarylme2 Apart from the random and fixed effects section  , there is a Variance function section. All the random forest ranking runs are implemented with RankLib 4 . With this approach  , the weights of the edges are directly multiplied into the gradients when the edges are sampled for model updating. There have been three main approaches to CLIR: translation via machine translation tectilques ~ad94; parallel or comparable corpora-based methods lJX195aj LL90  , SB96  , and dictionary-based methods Sa172 ,Pev72  , HG96  , BC96. For new user recommendation in our scenario  , we take the transpose of the collaborative matrix A as input and supply user features instead of items features. Modeling has nothing to do with instructing a computer  , it simply denotes the static and dynamic properties of the future program  , and it allows the engineers to reason about them. To motivate similarity search for web services  , consider the following typical scenario. In our experiment  , we measured the association between two measured quantities remembering scores and the proposed catalyst features  , i.e. Due to its penalty for free parameters  , AIC is optimized at a lower k than the loglikelihood ; though more complex models may yield higher likelihood  , AIC offers a better basis for model averaging 3. In monolingual IR this relevance model is estimated by taking a set of documents relevant to the query. Stochastic gradient descent SGD methods iteratively update the parameters of a model with gradients computed by small batches of b examples. The geometric mean does not change dramatically  , because most queries do not touch more data on a larger dataset. Visual events involve both discrete and continuous changes in the graphical representation. A minor difference is the handling of time warping: Coates et al. These results give a set of clusters of measures that have high correlation across a simulated document collection. In addition  , the factor representation obtained by PLSA allows to deal with polysemous words and to explicitly distinguish between diierent meanings and diierent t ypes of word usage. The first  , an optimistic heuristic  , assumes that all possible matches in the sequences are made regardless of their order in the sequence. the likelihood with which it can occur in other positions in addition to its true position is now defined for all points in the r-closure set of that piece. According to the traditional content based similarity measurement  , " Job Search " and " Human Rescues " are not similar at all. A higher order language model in general reduces perplexity  , especially when we compare the unigram models with the ngram models. We restrict our evaluation to top 10 documents in this paper. The user's query and his background knowledge are denoted Q and BK respectively . The 2-fold procedure enables to have enough queries ~55 in both the train and test sets so as to compute Pearson correlation in a robust manner. But still the approach of using a generic cost model can provide good results due to two reasons. While 10 uses a feature space grid to assist in the search for maxima  , 4 parses the table of data points for each hill climbing step. A new technique called Parallel Collection Frequency Weighting PCFW is also presented along with an implementation of document expansion using the parallel corpus within the framework of the Probabilistic Model. Note that all the documents in a typical CLIR setup are assumed to be written in the corresponding native scripts. Damljanovic et al. We use the Predict function in the rms R package 19 to plot changes in the estimated likelihood of defect-proneness while varying one explanatory variable under test and holding the other explanatory variables at their median values. We obtained these structures from the past TREC list questions  , and built a knowledge base for them. Similar as for MoIR  , the combined CLIR models are also compared. Folding-in is based on the existing latent semantic structure and hence new terms and documents have no effect on the representation of the pre-existing terms and documents. For the sort-merge band join  , assuming that the memory is large enough so that both relations can be sorted in two passes each  , the I/O cost consists of three parts: R contain /R pages  , and let S cont'ain ISI pages  , and let  , F he the fraction of R pages that fit in memory. Surprisingly   , we find in our experiments that the cache-stationary join phase performs as well as the sort-merge implementation . In particular  , we are working on incorporating shallow semantic parsing of the candidate answers in order to rank them. Many models for ranking functions have been proposed previously  , including vector space model 43   , probabilistic model 41 and language model 35 . Consider  , for example  , the classifier that identifies SD. , GGT96  , SMY90. These keyword-list RegExps are compiled manually from various sources. To answer " Factoid " and " List " questions  , we apply our answer extraction methods on NE-tagged passages. We selected the DRs in the DMS that were marked as duplicates and each corresponding master report. The commercial versions of the dictionaries were converted automatically to CLIR versions by removing from them all other material except for actual dictionary words. CLIR on separate collections  , each for a language. Along the line of similar studies  , the statistics suggest an exponential growth of pages on the WWW. In our work we make use of this property by deeming two words to be lexical paraphrases if the cosine similarity between their word embeddings is sufficiently high. The full collection consists of over a billion web pages  , while the English-language subset is comprised of 503 ,898 ,901 pages. Xu et al. First  , we hope to demonstrate that the complexity problems usually associated with Q-learning 17 in complex scenarios can be overcome by using role-switching. In this case  , one could actually employ the following query plan: The goal of such investigations is es- tablishing equivalent query constructs which is important for optimization. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features  , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. The product identifier can be mapped in two different ways  , at product level or at product details level  , whereby the second takes precedence over the other. Our experiments showed that the decaying co-occurrence model performs better than the standard co-occurrence model  , and brings significant improvements over the simple dictionary approaches in CLIR. A summary hierarchy  As shown in the procedure  , to achieve the space limitation in the streaming environment  , the number of fitting models maintained at each level is limited to be the maximum number of . We therefore configured the Gigascope to only try the regular expression match for DirectConnect if the fixed offset fields match. In FJS97   , a statistical approach is used for reconstructing base lineage data from summary data in the presence of certain constraints . □ When matching a URL with a pattern there are three outcomes: Since event expressions are equivalent to regular expressions  , except for E which is not expressible using event expressions 9  , it is possible to " implement " event expressions using finite automata. In the following  , we investigate three different  , theoretically motivated methods for predicting retrieval quality i.e. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. In step 1  , Sa ,g  , which denotes similarity between users a and centroid vectors of clusters g  , is computed using the Pearson correlation coefficient  , defined below: Compute a prediction from a weighted combination of the term weights using centroid vectors of clusters. The concept features can be derived from different pLSA models with different concept granularities and used together. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. This challenge can deteriorate the performance of the hand-crafted feature-based approaches. The sensor model for stationary objects can then be expressed as the dual function of the sensor model for moving objects  , which can be written as On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. The characteristics of such pivots are discussed in We form such feature vectors for all synonymous word-pairs positive training examples as well as for non-synonymous word-pairs negative training examples. Our setup only performs the regular expression match if the TCP payload starts with GET or HTTP indicating a HTTP payload. For example  , the head-and-shoulder pattern consists of a head point  , two shoulder points and a pair of neck points. following and hill-climbing control laws  , moving between and localizing at distinctive states. The weighted average of the user's last few link selections is passed to the search engine; results are then dynamically combined into a hypertext document. As mentioned above  , the semantic web and ontology based search system introduced in this study developed the next generation in search services  , such as flexible name search  , intelligence sentence search  , concept search  , and similarity search  , by applying the query to a Point Of Interest search system in wireless mobile communication systems.