By exploiting a characteristic that high frequency components are generally less important than low frequency components  , DCT is widely used for data compression like JPEG or MPEG. Each subtask consists of a frequent itemset and a combine set  , and the associated search space is traversed in depth-first order using a back-tracking search. Our tests in TREC8 showed that using Web documents to train a probabilistic model is a reasonable approach. The resulting planner is less general in theory than the original VDP planner  , since it uses problem-specific heuristics to guide the search. The role of this function is to force that reviewers who have collaborated on writing favorable reviews  , end up in the same cluster. The keyword given by the user can be a query for integrated search to provide a mixed search result of Web and TV programs. For each element in R search  we calculate the cosine similarity with the tweet page and sort the results accordingly from most similar to the least. As reported in 24  , another interesting angle in the CLIR track is the approach taken by Cornell University wherein they exploit the fact that there are many similar looking words between French and English   , i.e. The second potential function of the MRF likelihood formulation is the one between pairs of reviewers . This means the within ads similarity of users  , which are represented by their short term search behaviors  , can be around 90 times larger than the corresponding between ads similarity. CLIR methods involving machine translation systems  , bilingual dictionaries  , parallel and comparable collections are currently being  explored. To tame this exponential growth  , we use a beam search heuristic: in each iteration  , we save only the best β number of ungrounded rules and pass them to the next iteration. For instance  , in federated search the same query is issued on multiple search engines and the results merged using a utility function 35. However  , as the translation resource is constant across the experiments in the paper  , we were confident this would not affect the comparison of triangulation to other CLIR techniques. Such situations never arise in traditional work on materialized view maintenance GM95  , Kuc91  , GMS93  , SJ96 where all the base data is usually assumed to be available . In quick search  , users key in search terms in a textbox  , whereas in advanced search they may limit the search also by the type of literature fiction – non-fiction  , author  , title  , keywords  , or other bibliographic information. Because a vertical selection system and its target verticals are operated by a common entity e.g. Yet  , we turn to a decomposition-like scheme  , where a product result of fuzzy evidence structures is treated as a fuzzy like focal with mass 1  , and it is further decomposed into a crisp evidence structure in the same manner as 3. Since the maximum value is 3 the interval estimate has -yg-  , a high confidence level. Results. Watchpoint descriptions begin with a list of module names. With the explosion of on-line non-English documents  , crosslanguage information retrieval CLIR systems have become increasingly important in recent years. 10 also constructed a similarity graph  , where nodes are the images e.g. A limitation of the case studies is that all the applications and components used were software developed by ABB Inc. involving .lib library files. There exists rich research on search in social media community   , such as friend suggestion user search  , image tagging tag search and personalized image search image search. The application runs from the command line. The code generator or translator produces a sequence of function calls in Adept's robot programming language  , V+  , that implement the given plan in our workcell. In 5 some numeric values for the components of the joint axis vectors and distance vectors to the manipulator tip were found  , for whiclr the Jacobian matrices have condition numbers of 1. The LSH Forest can be applied for constructing mainmemory   , disk-based  , parallel and peer-to-peer indexes for similarity search. We therefore omitted Model 4 for the English- Chinese pair. The focus of these efforts has been the off-line computation of the timeoptimal control using the Pontryagin Maximum Principle   , dynamic programming and parameter o timizations . There are multiple ways to form intervals. The obtained experimental results have shown its effectiveness in efficiently generating translation equivalents of various unknown query terms and improving retrieval performance for conventional CLIR approaches. Our experiment is designed around a real user search clickthrough log collected from a large scale search engine. In the last decade  , however  , with the growth in the number of Web users  , the need of facing the problem of the language barriers for exchanging information has notably increased and the need for CLIR systems in everyday life has become more and more clear the recent book by J.-Y. However  , the problem of finding optimal plans remains a difficult one. In this section  , we describe the approach we have adopted for addressing the CLIR problem. This ideal situation occurs when a search engine's repository is exactly synchronized with the Web at all times  , such that W L = W. Hence  , we denote the highest possible search repository quality as QW  , where: As long as the inspection likelihood function Ir is monotonically nonincreasing  , the expected cumulative score of visited pages is maximized when pages are always presented to users in descending order of their true score SWp  , q. Applying the Shannon Entropy equation directly will be misleading. Results and performances of different models and combinations are described in The proposed two-stages model using comparable corpora '4' showed a better improvement in average precision compared to '3'  , the simple model one stage and approached the performance of the dictionary-based model '2' with 79.02%. However  , these prohibitive complexities make this solution unfeasible for inputs larger than few thousands of integers. Then  , the intensity p 0 was estimated from the retweet sequence of interest by using the fitting procedure developed in section 3.3. For retrieving newspaper articles  , we used <DESCRIPTION> and a combination of <DESCRIPTION> and <NARRATIVE>  , extracted from all 42 topics in the NTCIR-3 CLIR collection. Our English-Chinese CLIR experiments used the MG 14 search engine. For example  , our Mergesort branch policy still leaves an exponential search for worst-case executions. The joint motion can be obtained by local optimization of a single performance criterion or multiple criteria even though local methods may not yield the best joint trajectory. All participants used the same search system which resembled a standard search engine. Advertisers submit creatives and bid on keywords or search queries. We also applied and evaluated advanced search options. The dynamic programming step takes approximately 0.06 seconds for set 1. The former reuses hypergraphs/lattices produced with the MIRA-tuned weights and applies new weights to find an alternative  , CLIR-optimized  , derivation. The flow of the computation is illustrated in Fig.1. In the dynamic programming DP in Fig.1 part  , we define a discrete state space  , transition probability of the robot  , and immediate evaluation for its action. Based on this fundamental idea of CLIR  , we can define a corresponding Mixed-script IR MSIR setup as follows. by using dynamic programming. Our goal is to design a good indexing method for similarity search of large-scale datasets that can achieve high search quality with high time and space efficiency. This amounts to no sense disambiguation for query words. Search Design. It is intuitive that the LM-UNI model will lead to much better results in the monolingual setting  , as the amount of shared words between different languages is typically very limited  , and therefore other representations for CLIR are sought 41 see next. The Map class supports dynamic programming in the Volcano-Mapper  , for instance  because goals are only solved once and the solution physical plan stored. They use this model to generate a set of weights for terms from past queries  , terms from intermediate ranked lists and terms from clicked documents  , yielding an alternative representation of the last query in a session. In our experiments  , we used SYSTRAN version 3.0 http://www.systransoft.com for query and document translation. The use of beta conjugate priors ensures that no expensive computational methods such as MCMC are necessary 12  , so the model is trained and applied fast enough to be used on-line. They show that their model can predict search success effectively on their data and on a separate set of log data comprising search engine sessions. First  , the language constructs presented in section 2 map a portal into a buffer which is a static l-dimensional array. This is a very important issue since if the rules were applied in an unordered and exhaustive manner there would be the problem of exponential explosion of the search space. Extensive works on similarity search have been proposed to find good data-aware hash functions using machine learning techniques. Section 3 defines the basic problem  , and Section 4 presents an overview of the basic LSH scheme for similarity search. Suppose we are interested in using the projections of figure 1 for performing CLIR of new documents  , any of the three monolingual maps can be actually used for the retrieval task. For more details of the evaluation framework please refer to 15 ,16. We found this approach useful for spotting working code examples. In The global search tries to find a path on a d-C-Lres by using a graph search method  , as shown in When the serial local search fails in finding a local path between adjacent sub-goals in a SgSeq as shown in an alternative SgSeq found by the global search during the 2nd trial. There was a strong positive correlation between the termconsistency and the proportion of descriptors among search terms rs = 0.598; p = 0.0009. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. Additionally  , a subset of the realworld data collection Biocyc 1 that consists of 1763 databases describing the genome and metabolic pathways of a single organism was used. Rather than considering only rectangular objects  , we propose approximating the likelihood function by integrating over an appropriate half plane. In Section 2  , we describe the various components of CLIR systems  , existing approaches to the OOV problem  , and explain the ideas behind the extensions we have developed. In the other experiments  , the English queries are translated into French and French queries are translated into English using various tools: 2. Subsequently  , each block is sorted according to geographical location second column  , value: Loc  , and finally  , the collections or the libraries first column  , value: Col/Lib are ordered alphabetically for each geographical location. Each of the methods use a dynamic programming approach. The search is usually based on a similarity comparison rather than on exact match  , and the retrieved results are ranked according to a similarity index  , e.g. As the experiment progresses from Fig. 3 proposed an approach to classify sounds for similarity search based on acoustical features consisting of loudness  , pitch  , brightness  , bandwidth  , and harmonicity. By applying the data transform technique  , we can also obtain higher likelihood distribution function and achieve more accurate estimates of distribution parameters. Despite promising experimental results with each of these approaches   , the main hurdle to improved CLIR effectiveness is resolving ambiguity associated with translation. Even though this bmte-force approach  , unlike the other work mentioned above  , guarantees optimality and completeness  , it k n o t practical for larger scale problems because of its computational complexity  , which is exponential in the number of moving droplets.  Model selection criteria usually assumes that the global optimal solution of the log-likelihood function can be obtained. Systems that support dynamic extension generally consist of a base application and an extension programming language in which extensions to the base can be written. Along a slightly different line of research  , Lynch addresses the problem of planning pushing paths 13. Because of the size of the graph  , this requires exponential time to solve using standard graph search techniques. Sahami & Heilman 2006 30  also measure the relatedness between text snippets by using search engines and a similarity kernel function. A small number of " search " operations were formulated using more than one search terms combined by Boolean operators 18.49% of which a tiny portion 0.1% were also formulated reusing previously issued result sets. While there is little research on using syntactic approaches for resolving translation ambiguity for CLIR  , linguistic structures have been successfully exploited in other applications. This possibility can be particularly useful to retrieve poorly described pictures. Not all applications provide this feature  , although Such explicit reflective programming  , in which the system manipulates a dynamic representation of its own user interface  , is difficult to capture in a static query. Such queries often consist of query-by-example or query-by-sketch 14. The BSBM benchmark 5  focuses on the e-commerce domain and provides a data generation tool and a set of twelve SPARQL queries together with their corresponding SQL queries generated by hand. Finally   , if the effective number of particles �ωt� −2 2 falls below a threshold we stochastically replicate each particle based on its normalized weight. Therefore  , one often gets a whole interval of numbers n where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value; in some cases  , one even gets a union of non-adjacent intervals . Despite the exponential growth of Web content  , we believe the relevance of content returned by search engines will improve as query options will become more flexible. Our approach is feature-based similarity search  , where substring features are used to measure the similarity. Having computed the topical distribution of each individual tweet  , we can now estimate an entire profile's topical diversity and do so by using the Shannon diversity theorem entropy: Topical Diversity. We compare four methods for identifying entity aspects: TF. IDF  , the log-likelihood ratio LLR 2  , parsimonious language models PLM 3 and an opinion-oriented method OO 5 that extracts targets of opinions to generate a topic-specific sentiment lexicon; we use the targets selected during the second step of this method. In addition  , the hybrid approach may find sub-optimal solutions for dynamic vehicle routing problems of any size. Each search record contains the user query  , a transaction time stamp  , a session identifier and URLs visited by the user. The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. The uncertainty is estimated for localization using a local map by fitting a normal distribution to the likelihood function generated. As mentioned before  , substructure search and similarity search are common and important for structure search  , but not for formula search  , because formulae do not contain enough tructural information. One possible way by which structuring disambiguates CLIR queries is that it enforces " conjunctive " relationships between search keys. WEAVER was used to induce a bilingual lexicon for our approach to CLIR. Now  , the optimization problem reduces to estimating the coefficients by maximizing the log-posterior which is the sum of the log-likelihood Eq. Two approaches can be distinguished: 1. translation-based systems either translate queries into the document language or languages  , or they translate documents into the query language 2. In Section 3  , we presented a discriminative model for cross lingual query suggestion. We ran CLIR and computed MAP at different Cumulative Probability Thresholds CPT. The method is also an initial holonomic path method. use dynamic time warping with a cost function based on the log-likelihood of the sequence in question. is developed1. We suggest training ranking models which are search behavior specific and user independent. The work is motivated jointly by a need to have search logs available to researchers outside of large search companies and a need to instill trust in the users that provide search data. The searches were conducted on Wikipedia using a commercial test search engine created by Search Technologies Corp. We used the commercial search engine  , because Wikipedia does not provide full-text search. This search task simulates the information re-finding search intent. We can rank the search results based on these similarity scores. Figure 8  , may be thought of as using standard dynamic programming for edit-distance computation  , but savings are achieved by SPF works by finding any one place where I potentially occurs in Q   , if any. The results will also show which one of the three point estimates derived from the interval estimate in subsection 2.8 should be used and what relative error to expect. Therefore  , we modify the standard dynamic programming to accept real-valued matching similarity. The reader is referred to the technical report by Oard and Dorr for an excellent review of the CLIR literature 18. Note the complexity of our search function is similar to existing code search engines on the Internet e.g. The purpose of this search procedure is to locate points on the object's surface which are suitable places to position the robot's fingers . This information can be considered as a user profile. Ballesteros 3 researched a transitive scheme and techniques to overcome word ambiguity. Finally   , a larger R 2 can be achieved by including more features for training. In order to create broadly useful systems that are computationally tractable  , it is common in information retrieval generally  , and in CLIR in particular  , to treat terms independently . Future work will focus on efficient access to disk-based index structures  , as well as generalizing the bounding approach toward other metrics such as Cosine. According to Hull and Grefenstette 1996 human translation in CLIR experiments is an additional source of error. This optimization is performed first by noticing that the exponential loss En+m writes: The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. For a given camera and experimental setup  , this likelihood function can be computed analytically more details in Sections III-E and III-F. Presumably  , had it known the search context or search workflow  , it could have provided more useful and focused information. 26 introduces a way to empirically search for an exponential model for the documents. For English-Chinese CLIR  , we accumulated search topics from TREC-5 and TREC-6  , which used the same Chinese document collection. Silhouette hypotheses were rendered from a cylindrical 3D body model to an binary image buffer using OpenGL. This relaxation adds additional overhead to our search space in dynamic programming from; otherwise nothing else changes. In this section we address RQ3: How can we model the effect of explanations on likelihood ratings ? These search criteria will be transferred via the Web to a search script.  The Salmone Arabic-to-English dictionary  , which was made available for use in the TREC-CLIR track by Tufts University. The hash-based search paradigm has been applied with great success for the following tasks: Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. We hence disambiguate Wiki entries by measuring the similarity between the entires and the topics mentioned in the search queries. This way  , we find a cluster of a particular size that is composed solely from whiskers. For a low-dimensional feature space  , similarity search can be carried out efficiently with pre-built space-partitioning index structures such as KD-tree or data-partitioning index structures such as R-tree 7 . Previous results may serve as a source of inspiration for new similarity search queries for refining search intentions. Our method was more successful with longer queries containing more diverse search terms. However  , CLIR is a difficult problem to solve on the basis of MT alone: queries that users typically enter into a retrieval system are rarely complete sentences and provide little context for sense disambiguation. 2  , this implies that one can compare the likelihood functions for each of the three examples shown in this figure. This is a powerful result because both the structure and internal density parameters can be optimized and compared using the same likelihood function. Our comparable results for the direct run indicated performance 81% below monolingual. Dictionary based CLIR was explored by several groups including New Mexico State University 8  , University of Massachusetts l  , and the Xerox Research Center Europe ll. Since the space is exponential in the number of attributes   , heuristic search techniques can be used. We sampled 500 such patterns from the " browse → search " sessions. Notice that  , different from the standard edit distance  , the Similar to the computation of the edit distance and the dynamic time warping  , the summed Fréchet distance can be expressed as a recurrence in a straight-forward manner which allows a dynamic programming solution that runs in OM N  time. In this way  , the problem of similarity search is transformed to an interval search problem. In general  , the optimization problem 17 can be locally solved using numerical gradient-descent methods. It also shows that monolingual performance is not necessarily the upper bound of CLIR performance. They argue that phonetic similarity PHONDEX works as well as typing errors Damerau-Levenstein metric and plain string similarity n-grams  , and the combinations of these different techniques perform much better than the use of a single technique. In this paper we have addressed the problem of deriving a likelihood function for highly accurate range scanners. In the beginning  , many researchers focused on new dimension reduction technologies and new similarity measuring method for time series. First  , we discuss how to analyze the structure of a chemical formula and select features for indexing  , which is important for substructure search and similarity search. Similarity search in 3D point sets has been studied extensively . Otherwise  , the resulting plans may yield erroneous results. This phase is called " search results narrowing " . This work evaluated a number of search strategies for the retrieval of Arabic documents  , using the TREC Arabic corpus as the test bed. tion  , a spatial-temporal-dependent query similarity model can be constructed. We now present the form of the likelihood function appearing in Eqs. CLIR is to retrieve documents in one language target language providing queries in another language source language. an exhaustive search is not practical for high number of input attributes. This hierarchical agglomerative step begins with leaf clusters  , and has complexity quadratic in . To achieve high search accuracy  , the LSH method needs to use multiple hash tables to produce a good candidate set. Not all common evaluation functions possess this property. The dynamic programming technique currently used for finding the minimum-cost trajectories demands a monotonic integration of the entropy. Hypothesis 1 -Tweeters with higher diversity have higher brokerage opportunities. We simply evaluate all bipartitions made up of consecutive vertices on the ordering n ,d. As we only compute a bipartitioning  , we do not need to resort to dynamic programming as for k-way partitioning. This factor is determined by observations made by exteroceptive sensors in this case the camera  , and is a function of the similarity between expected measurements and observed measurements. The earlier we detect the impossibility  , the more search efforts can be saved. Assume that the observed data is generated from our generative model. The full version with all similarity criteria was preferred and the visual-only mode was seen as ineffective. Both tasks use topic models to retrieve similar documents. Since the goal is to offer only high quality suggestions  , we only need to find pairs of queries whose similarity score is above a threshold. To define the similarity measure  , we took the number of matches  , the length of the URL   , the value of the match between the URL head and the URL tail into account  , as shown in the last lines of Table 9. In order to evaluate this reranking scheme  , we ranked the URL address result list according to request their similarity. This definition reflects the hidden nature of triggering relations between pre-search context and searches in a realworld setting. LM-UNI  , which was the best scoring MoIR model  , is now outscored by the other two models which rely on structured semantic representations. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 11. Much of the research conducted in this area has focused on supporting more effective cross-language information retrieval CLIR. Do other elements affect the evaluation of a search engine's performance ? Like FarGo  , the above systems do support mobility  , but in a model that tightly couples movement operations to the application's logic. We plan to use 50 new topics in the same languages and to ask participating teams to also rerun the 25 topics from this year with their improved systems as a way of further enriching the existing pools of documents that have been judged for relevance. We performed three official automatic CLIR runs and 29 post-hoc automatic CLIR runs. The proposed approach is evaluated on different publicly available outdoor and indoor datasets. To answer our first research question we evaluate the performance of the baseline bl and subjunctive sj interface on a complex exploratory search task in terms of user interaction statistics and in terms of search patterns. For real-time  on-line  control  , however  , the computational costs of this solution can be prohibitive. The original query is transformed into syntactically different  , but semantically equivalent t queries  , which may possibly yield a more efficient execution planS. The first 1 ,000 iterations of MCMC chains were discarded as an initial burn-in period. Results showed that larger lexicon sources  , phrase translation  , and disambiguation techniques improve CLIR performance significantly and consistently on TREC-9 corpus. Search engines are widely used tool for querying unstructured data  , but there is a growing interest in incorporating structured information behind the "simple" search interface. For the importance of time in repeat consumption  , we show that the situation is complex. Thus  , the collections in two languages are converted into a single collection of document vectors in the target language . Since there is no closed-form solution for maximizing the likelihood with respect to its parameters  , the maximization has to be performed numerically. Figure 1depicts the architecture of our semantic search approach. Note that an optimal ordering of pair-wise co-compressibilities does not necessarily result in an optimal compression across all columns. Condition 2 Search time ratio: The time of search within each consequent search disc is greater than the time of search within the previous search disc. We follow the typical generative model in Information Retrieval that estimates the likelihood of generating a document given a query  , pd|q. The paper will also offer explanations  , why these methods have positive effects. Since optimization of queries is expensive   , it is appropriate that we eliminate queries that are not promising  , i.e.  Extensive experiments have been done to evaluate the proposed similarity model using a large collection of click-through data collected from a commercial search engine. Subsequently  , the starting parameters which yield the best optimization result of the 100 trials is taken as global optimium. The user can search for the k most similar files based on an arbitrary specification. Most of these present a feed search service in conjunction with blog post searching and some are closely integrated with feed reading services. 2 reports the enhancement on CLIR by post-translation expansion. A critical assumption is that evaders' motions are independent of the motions of the pursuer. Simulations showed correlation between simulated muscle activation and EMG patters found in gait. However  , Google's work mainly aims to help developers locate relevant code according to the text similarity. Google directory offers a related feature  , by offering to restrict search to a specific category or subcategory. We proposed a context-based CLIR tool  , to support the user  , in having a certain degree of confidence about the translation. In Section 2 we i n troduce the notation and give formal deenitions of the similarity search problems. It is a dynamic programming problem functional minimization. The techniques proposed in this work fall into two categories. In our implementation  , the product in Equation 5 is only performed over the query terms  , thereby providing a topicconditioned centrality measure biased towards the query. Federated search has been a hot research topic for a decade. The sharp pixel proportion is the fraction of all pixels that are sharp. Table 4shows a comparison of the recall precision values for the English-Chinese CLIR experimental results. A search engine for semi-structured graph data providing keyword and structural search using NEXI-like expressions. CSCs have very limited time to examine search result. The unknown parameter 0 α is a scalar constant term and ' β is a k×1 vector with elements corresponding to the explanatory variables. Understanding feature-concept associations for measuring similarity. By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. It is possible to address automatically the domain specific terms of queries to the correct dictionaries  , because different domains have different terminologies. Note that while reputation is a function of past activities of an identity  , trustworthiness is a prediction for the future. A depthfirst search strategy has two major advantages. Other approaches like Gradient Vector Flow 10 and its variants 11 perform better when the initialization is not as good. Model 4 seeks to achieve better alignments by modeling systematic position variations; that is an expensive step not commonly done for CLIR experiments . Therefore   , ranking according to the likelihood of containing sentiment information is expected to serve a crucial function in helping users. These search tasks are often performed under stringent conditions esp. Extending our previous work 25  , we propose three basic types of queries for chemical name search: exact name search  , substring name search  , and similarity name search. To find out the best model structure from this huge space  , an efficient search strategy is highly demanded. We have investigated user search behavior in a complex multisession search task  , with a search system that provides various types of input components. Since the resulting NHPP-based SRM involves many free parameters   , it is well known that the commonly used optimization technique such as the Newton method does not sometimes work well. All three were formed from the UN parallel corpus and the Buckwalter lexicon using the same procedure described in Section 3. Without strict enforcement of separation   , a template engine provides tasty icing on the same old stale cake. We further emphasized that it is of crucial importance to develop a proper combination of multiple kernels for determining the bit allocation task in KLSH  , although KLSH and MKLSH with naive use of multiple kernels have been proposed in literature. While modeling languages are basically notations for concurrent/extended finite-state machines  , programming languages are much more expressive and complex since they support procedures  , recursion  , dynamic data structures of various shapes and sizes  , pointers  , etc. Search sessions contain unique user identifier and a sequence of records for search actions  , such as queries  , result clicks and search engine switching actions   , which were detected by a browser toolbar or by clicks on a link to open another search engine from the search engine results page. Thus  , it is important for a translation system based CLIR approach to maintain the uncertainty in translating queries when queries are ambiguous. We conduct CLIR experiments using the TREC 6 CLIR dataset described in Section 5.1. Finding translations in general dictionaries for CLIR encounters the problems of the translation of unknown queries -especially for short queries and the availability of up-to-date lexical resources. Application of the SPC was demonstrated for a planar robotic assembly task by 5. Figure 6shows the path that has been used as the initial guess and the final path computed using our planner for one sample environment Env-1 in Table II. Such hash-based methods for fast similarity search can be considered as a means for embedding high-dimensional feature vectors to a low-dimensional Hamming space the set of all 2 l binary strings of length l  , while retaining as much as possible the semantic similarity structure of data. Search sessions comprised queries  , clicks on search results  , and pages visited during navigation once users left the search engine. In this case  , the distribution figures suggest that the TRT based fuzzy translation technique is viable in operational CLIR systems  , the noise being acceptable. structure. Through repetitively replacing bad vertices with better points the simplex moves downhill. where both parameters µ and Σ can be estimated using the simple maximum-likelihood estimators for each frame. Set of split points is also used by dynamic programming. The search and retrieval interface Figure 2 allows users to find videos by combining full text  , image similarity  , and exact/partial match search. Section 2 describes how we achieve manual but lead through programming by controlling the dynamic behavior of the robot. Apache Lucene is a high-performance  , full-featured text search engine library written entirely in Java that is suitable for nearly any application requiring full-text search abilities. Moreover  , some search engines such as Google or Live.com have started to mix dedicated news search results with the results displayed in the regular search pane i.e. of the file or log false information in it—Lib creates an instance of Priv and passes it to doPrivileged  , the Java privilege-asserting API 6  , which modifies the stack-inspection mechanism as follows: at run time  , doPrivileged invokes the run method of that Priv object  , and when the stack inspection is performed to verify that each caller on the stack has been granted the necessary FilePermission  , the stack walk recognizes the presence of doPrivileged and stops at createSocket  , without demanding the FilePermission of the clients of Lib. In our application  , the total number of MCMC iterations is chosen to be 2 ,000. For this we measure the click through percentage of search. The first set of experiments establish a basic correlation between talking on messenger and similarity of various attributes. This result is further verified when we examine the result of KLSH-Weight  , which outperform both KLSH-Best and KLSH- Uniform. This problem has been addressed in two different ways in the literature. The key feature of the prophet graph  , is that we can use it to compute the solution to the query without having to refer to the original graph G. Though PRO-HEAPS still has exponential computational complexity in the worst case  , in practice it is able to execute queries in real time as shown in our Section 4. Elastic Search 1 is a search server based on Lucene that provides the ability to quickly build scalable search engines. Since the confidence level is low  , the interval estimate is to be discarded. Question 4 presented a mimic search box and asked the subject to input an appropriate query into the search box to find documents relevant to the search intent presented in Question 3. The bad effectiveness in these cases is not due to translation  , but to the high difficulty of query topics. From Figure 2we can see that using EMD similarity strategy  , there is a higher probability that the top results are always the most relevant ones. A major motivation for us to develop the cross-language meaning matching model is to improve CLIR effectiveness over a strong CLIR baseline. Search that was launched in July 2009 and precisely addresses this issue. multi Searcher deals with several CLIR issues. Volcano uses a non-interleaved strategy with a transformation-based enumerator. Ultimately  , interaction with search interface features can transform and facilitate search actions that enable search tasks to be addressed. We evaluated the results of our individual similarity measures and found some special characteristics of the measures when applied to our specific data. A sensory perception controller SPC using stochastic dynamic programming has been developed. An early approach applied dynamic programming to do early recognition of human gestures 16 . As the activity function at from the previous section can be interpreted as a relative activity rate of the ego  , an appropriate modeling choice is λ 0 t ∝ at  , learning the proportionality factor via maximum-likelihood. Figure 1 shows a truncated example page of Google Search results for the query " coughs. " The availability of test collection and translation resources was the overriding factor determining our choice of languages. Inclusion of rare translations in a CLIR application was shown to be problematic for all three methods  , however. Dynamic programming is popular for music information retrieval because melodic contours can be represented as character strings  , thus melodic comparison and search can benefit from the more mature research area of string matching. This indicates that the coverage of the dictionary is still an important problem to be solved to improve the performance of CLIR. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: The reference can be obtained using the library pathname. As already pointed out  , our model for document similarity is based on a combination of geographic and temporal information to identify events. For finding meta-index entries that contain terms of interest to the user  , the Search Meta-Index page provides a search engine that allows users to drill down on search results through three views. Optimal bucket boundary can be reported by additional bookkeeping  , Lines 8–15 are the dynamic programming part: We compute OP T j  , b according to the recurrence equation Equation 3. The earliest attempts of detecting structural similarity go back to computing tree-editing distances 29  , 30  , 32  , 34  , 36. We then rank the documents in the L2 collection using the query likelihood ranking function 14. The first rule invokes a search for a possible open reading frame ORF  , that is  , a possible start and stop location for translation in a contig and for a similarity that is contained within. Even with a higher baseline of monolingual with expansion  , combining the CO method with expansion can still yield up to 88% of monolingual performance . The soft-counting is done efficiently by dynamic programming . A fast computation of the likelihood  , based on the edge distance function  , was used for the similarity measurement between the CAD data and the obtained microscopic image. In our method  , the dynamic programming search considers all these trajectories and selects the one with globally minimal constraint value. An exhaustive search method that evaluates all the possible  i 0 values can require a total of r n combinations which is exponential with n and can require a large amount of calculation time. When a user comes to a search engine  , she formulates a query according to her search intent and submits it to the search engine. While the systems mentioned above have made a number of advances in relation to image search  , there are a number of important differences that make video search much more difficult than image search. Single query searches have a " look-up " character. The first three of them are automatic query translation run  , using our word segmentation approach for indexing  , while the monolingual run we submit uses n-gram based segmentation. Buse and Wiemer 10 discuss that the answers of existing code search engines are usually complicated even after slicing. Most steps just move the point of the simplex where the objective value is largest highest point to a lower point with the smaller objective value. The underlying assumption is that several latent search factors exist in query logs  , each associated with a distinct topic transition rule  , and these search factors can be implicated by users' search behaviors. The combined query likelihood model with submodular function yields significantly better performance on the TV dataset for both ROUGE and TFIDF cosine similarity metrics. We can then pursue variations of the dynamic programming techniques to achieve better performance in melodic search. Finally  , we describe relevance scoring functions corresponding to the types of queries. There are also approaches that cluster search results 1 which can help users dive into a topic. For this purpose  , the dynamic programming approach uses the following indicators regarding the starting and finishing times of operations of the two jobs. The approximate matching on 9400 songs based on dynamic programming takes 21 seconds. After that  , we submit four runs for CLIR official evaluation this year. Indeed  , training a classifier on the Shannon entropy of a user's distribution of NRC categories achieved good performance on FOLLOWERS and KLOUT  , with accuracies of 65.36% and 62.38% respectively both significant at p < 0.0001. In this paper  , we look at CLIR from a statistical modelling perspective  , similarly to how the problems of part-of-speech tagging  , speech recognition  , and machine translation have been  , successfully  , approached. Entropy is being popularly applied as a measurement in many fields of science including biology  , mechanics  , economics  , etc. Levow and Oard  , 1999 studied the impact of lexicon coverage on CLIR performance. In generally  , search related user behavior can be classified into three categories: the usage frequency and how frequently users using or reusing the search engine in order to accomplish their search tasks. The natural complement  , still under the user-centric view  , are unfamiliar places. Since all of our models require large sets of relevance-ranked training data  , e.g. Cross-language retrieval supports the users of multilingual document collections by allowing them to submit queries in one language  , and retrieve documents in any of the languages covered by the retrieval system. This view is a demonstration of relational search 8  , where the idea is not to search for objects but associative relation chains between objects. Therefore  , we modify the standard dynamic programming to handle real-valued matching similarity. When a document d and a query q are given  , the ranking function 1 is the posterior probability that the document multinomial language model generated query5. Lib instances. Based on the results of this study our future research will involve the identification of language pairs for which fuzzy translation is effective  , the improvement of the rules for example  , utilising rule co-occurrence information  , testing the effects of tuning a confidence factor by a specific language pair  , selecting the best TRT and fuzzy matching combination  , and testing how to apply fuzzy translation in actual CLIR research. Sometimes such expressions are written identically in different languages and no translation is needed. In Section 3 we describe the general principle underlying Variational Dynamic Programming. All of the correlation values exceed 0.6  , and therefore are statistically highly significant. These criteria are: The middle part of the screen displays the search result. In this approach  , documents or tweets are scored by the likelihood the query was generated by the document's model. In particular  , for each input attribute  , we first search for its " representative  , " which is an indexed attribute in the thesaurus with the highest similarity score above a predefined threshold. The window provides us with a safety frame that guides the search in a promising direction. Candidate in a debate with other candidates. While each of the above phases involve different tech-niques  , they are all inter-related. We plot the distribution of search ranking among sites in Figure 3c. Therefore  , the AUCEC scores of a random selection method under full credit will depend on the underlying distribution of bugs: large bugs are detected with a high likelihood even when inspecting only a few lines at random  , whereas small bugs are unlikely to be detected when inspecting 5% of lines without a good selection function. 6 can be estimated by maximizing the following data log-likelihood function  , ω and α in Eq. Interestingly  , both systems obtained best results by using French as source language 4 . Here we explore the opposite however  , optimality of interfaces given search behavior. However  , construction of OPTIMAL using dynamic programming for 100  , 000 intervals proved to be unacceptably slow on our computing platform. But for unrelated languages  , such as English and Japanese  , a word missing from the dictionary has little chance of matching any pertinent string in the other language text. They are more suitable for real-time control in a sensor-based control environment. We consider a set of objects described by boolean variables . Yahoo Knowledge Graph is a knowledge base used by Yahoo to enhance its search engine's results with semantic-search information gathered from a wide variety of sources. Similarly  , for personal data search systems  , such as desktop search or personal email search  , often there is only a single user resulting in very small query logs. Therefore  , as with CLIR  , WTF/DF is clearly the preferred technique in this application. At run time  , the two clients will require SocketPermissions to resolve the names and connect to ports 80 of hosts ibm.com and vt.edu  , respectively. For some scenarios  , our strategies yield provably optimal plans; for others the strategies are heuristic ones. Dynamic reconfiguration would be a powerful addition  , although It would be another source for nondeterminism. likelihood function. To obtain features  , we calculated the power of the segment of 1 second following the term onset using the fast Fourier transform and applying log-transformation to normalize the signal. We use simple heuristics to separate acronyms from non-acronym entity names. with match probability S as per equation 1  , the likelihood function becomes a binomial distribution with parameters n and S. If M m  , n is the random variable denoting m matches out of n hash bit comparisons  , then the likelihood function will be: Let us denote the similarity simx  , y as the random variable S. Since we are counting the number of matches m out of n hash comparison  , and the hash comparisons are i.i.d. Usually only frequency formula search is supported by current chemistry information systems. Hence  , in certain cases  , the coverage detection capability of our method is more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method. These metafeatures may help the global ranker to distinguish between two documents that get very similar scores by the query likelihood scoring function  , but for very different reasons. The results achieved by query likelihood models with the submodular function are promising compared with conventional diversity promotion technique. 4. structural inheritance: by itself  , the lack of structural inheritance in RDFS does not form a problem for an object-oriented mapping. Two set of queries are used to perform two tasks: building a type summary and calculating some bibliometrics-based summary. The recursive optimization techniques  , when applied to small manufacturing lines  , yield the solution with reasonable computational effort. The reason is that we map different overall detection ratios to the same efficiency class  , respectively  , different sets of individual detection ratios to the same span by using the range subdivisions . The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. The projective contour points of the 3-D CAD forceps in relation to the pose and gripper states were stored in a database. CH3COOH. Second  , it is interesting to note that  , at least in theory  , for a document set D and a similarity threshold θ a perfect space partitioning for hash-based search can be stated. One reason is simply the cost of existing linguistic resources  , such as dictionaries. We have conducted experiments including trending search detection and personalize trending search suggestion on a large-scale search log from a commercial image search engine. It eliminates the main weakness of the NRSU-transformation: it works even when input arguments are variables  , not constants   , and hence it can be applied to far more calls in deductive database programs. Therefore  , we can utilize convex optimization techniques to find approximate solutions. Experience has shown that several factors make it hard to obtain statistically significant results in CLIR evaluations . The correlation component Figure 2  calculates the Spearman's rank correlation for the three similarity datasets  , twelve different languages and three similarity measures Cosine  , Euclidean distance  , Correlation 8 . The key insight between what we call meaning matching is to apply that same perspective directly to CLIR.  BSBM SQL 4 contains a join between two tables product and producttypeproduct and three subqueries  , two of them are used as OR operators. This work provides an integrated view of qualitatively effective similarity search and performance efficient indexing in text; an issue which has not been addressed before in this domain. Such an approach might not fully explore the power of multiple kernels. Search trails originate with a directed search i.e. It shows that T is influenced by intrinsic ineffectiveness  , semantic recovery by query expansion  , or poor translation quality. A combination of the downhill simplex method and simulated annealing 9 was used. Conventionally CLIR approaches 4 ,7 ,8 ,12 ,21 have focused mainly on incorporating dictionaries and domain-specific bilingual corpora for query translation 6 ,10 ,18. We have pursued and implemented our approach because it has several crucial advantages. Generally  , a chemical similarity search is to search molecules with similar structures as the query molecule. Origin pages are the search results that start a search trail. Such approaches pursue the reduction of erroneous or irrelevant translations in hope that the CLIR performance could approach to that of monolingual information retrieval MIR. In order to avoid this situation  , most researchers 1623 focus on a special case where all images/frames contain exactly the same set of labeled objects. The geometric mean has a nice interpretation as the reciprocal of the average likelihood of the dataset being generated by the model  , assuming that the individual samples are i.i.d. For this particular example  , quadratic programming gets the optimal solution; this motivates the development of MDLH-Quad  , a quadratic programming heuristic. The fact that full search achieves higher nDCG scores than pre-search confirms the successful re-ordering that takes place in full search based on pairwise entity-based similarity computation. We expect similar improvements on CLIR  , and this will be confirmed by our experiments. 2Sakhr's Arabic/English CLIR system is one example an automated technique for converting an unstructured term-to-term translation dictionary into a structured dictionary. However  , it is also interesting to observe the behavior of our dynamic programming based method for low and high range of penalties. In conclusion there is a need for a programming and simulation system for robot driven workcells that illustrates the true real-time behaviour of the total robot system. Future research should concentrate on finding methods by which the performance of CLIR queries could be improved further. The carry-over optimization can yield substantial reductionq in the number of lock requests per transaction . As an alternative  , we also explored three ways of incorporating translation probabilities directly into the formulae: 1. The TREC-9 collection contains articles published in Hong Kong Commercial Daily  , Hong Kong Daily News  , and Takungpao. The only approach that could be employed is systematic search  17 18  , which due to the worst case exponential cost is not guaranteed to terminate within reasonable time. Finding inverted and simple retrograde sequences requires a change in how the self similarity matrix is produced – instead of matching intervals exactly  , we now match intervals with sign inversions. Clearly a need for enhanced resources is felt. These hashing methods try to encode each data example by using a small fixed number of binary bits while at the same time preserve the similarity between data examples as much as possible. To test the effectiveness of browse plus search functionality   , we designed and conducted a series of experiments on three search modes. Both start with a zero recall search " helicopter volitation spare parts cheap " . Twenty links were the result of a search for ethnomathematics with the National Science Digital Library search engine  , and twenty were the results of a search with Google. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR addresses the situation where the query that a user presents to an IR system  , is not in the same language as the corpus of documents being searched. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection  , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. Before rendering each frame with backlight scaling  , the rendering module also performs luminance compensation for every pixel of the frame. We apply dynamic programming to find the segmentation  ˆ Specifically  , we denotêdenotê D =  where Diam ˆ Dij is the sum of all elements ofˆDijofˆ ofˆDij. Given a user profile and a set of search keywords  , the search engine selects an ad advertisement  to display in the search result page. The search method described formally in Figure   3 is to successively narrow the search interval until its size is a given fraction of the initial search region. For mathematical convenience  , l=lnL  , the loglikelihood  , is usually the function to be maximized. Similarity-based search of Web services has been a challenging issue over the years. Even if this point of view is not original  , neither for IR 1 nor for CLIR Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. In this case  , we can use a conditional joint density function as the likelihood function. We investigate query translation based CLIR here. As expected  , the ASR and Search components perform speech recognition and search tasks. Treating V r as required nodes  , V s as steiner nodes  , and the log-likelihood function as the weight function  , WPCT sp approximately computes an undirected minimum steiner tree T . A total of twentyfive groups participated in the enterprise track. Section 3 discusses methods for evaluating the alignments and section 4 shows the application of alignments in a CLIR system. If the samples are spaced reasonably densely which is easily done with only a few dozen samples  , one can guarantee that the global maximum of the likelihood function can be found. The MI- LOS XML database supports high performance search and retrieval on heavily structured XML documents  , relying on specific index structures 3 ,14  , as well as full text search 13  , automatic classification 8  , and feature similarity search 15 ,5 . Subjects in Group A took extra time to set up their search target before actually beginning the search. Our CLIR experiments used the Lucy search engine developed by the Search Engine Group 5 at RMIT University. This would make the thresholding method closer to traditional beam thresholding. Specifically  , the tf idf is calculated on the TREC 2014 FebWeb corpus. In practice  , instead of segmenting text into n parts directly   , usually hierarchical segmentation of text is utilized and at each level a text string is segmented into two parts. In this paper  , we discussed a new method for conceptual indexing and similarity search of text. To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. mAP has shown especially good discriminative power and stability to evaluate the performance of similarity search. A comparison between the two approaches will show the advantages and disadvantages of using probabilistic term translation for CLIR. Achieving such a re-arrangement of attributes was found to be possible  , using dynamic programming. There are several ways to cross the language barriers in CLIR systems. For this objective  , Eguchi and Lavrenko 3 proposed sentiment retrieval models  , aiming at finding information with a specific sentiment polarity on a certain topic  , where the topic dependence of the sentiment was considered. These methods follow a very similar pattern: the query 28 or the target document set 3 is automatically translated and search is then performed using standard monolingual search. A key feature of both models  , the motion model and the perceptual model  , is the fact that they are differentiable. Periodically  , the fast Fourier transform FFT yields a signal spectrum: But the bcst way is to determine TI and T2 directly in DSP from input data array xn. Another limitation is that for large datasets containing long trajectories  , even if they were completely available   , the dynamic programming solution may be too inefficient to be practical. Researchers have recognized the importance of software evolution for over three decades. This allows the user to fluidly read and annotate documents without having to manage annotated files or explicitly save changes. Here we use breadth-first search. To evaluate TagAssist  , we used data provided to use by Technorati  , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. We performed one Chinese monolingual retrieval run and three English-Chinese cross-language retrieval runs. The likelihood function is determined relying on the ray casting operation which is closely related to the physics of the sensor but suffers from lack of smoothness and high computational expense. Figure 1presents a typical scenario where faceted search is useful with an expert search. The semantic gap between two views of Wiki is quite large. From that page it is possible to perform a full-text search  , a similarity search starting from one of the random selected images. However  , it is never Copyright is held by the International World Wide Web Conference Committee IW3C2. This creates a noisy behavioral signal  , and importantly  , a challenge for analyzing search behavior  , especially long-term behavior that has utility in many applications  , such as search personalization 37. The search technique needs to be combined with an estimator that can quantify the predictive ability of a subset of attributes. This  , however  , does not compromise our results since our experiments are aimed at comparing the performance of two different CLIR methods and not at comparing different search engine architectures. In the sequel all derived relations are assumed to be materialized  , unless stated otherwise. In TREC-10 the Berkeley group participated only in the English-Arabic cross-language retrieval CLIR track. Our new approach borrows the idea of iDistance and the corresponding B + -tree indexes. However  , in many cases  , MLE is computationally expensive or even intractable if the likelihood function is complex. A relocatable dynamic object can be dynamically loaded into a client computer from a server computer. Query-biased similarity aims to find similar documents given the context of the user's search and avoid extraneous topics. Combinatorial block designs have been employed as a method for substituting search keys. The finegrained approach supports relocation for every programming language object. Section 7 and 8 compare our system with structural query translation and MTbased CLIR. After subjects completed the initial query evaluation  , they were directed to a search engine results page SERP containing a list of ten search results. A simplex is simply a set of N+l guesses  , or vertices  , of the N-dimensional statevector sought and the error associated with each guess. The measures were integrated in a similarity-based classification procedure that builds models of the search-space based on prototypical individuals. The first row indicates missing search types which default to a document search. For taking the rank into consideration  , an exponential decay function with half-life α = 7 is proposed by Ziegler et al. More generally  , let I be the number of samples collected and the probability that an individual j is captured in sample i be pij. However  , when a query is truly ambiguous and multiple possible translations need to be considered  , a translation based CLIR approach can perform poorly. For the example question  , a search was done using a typical similarity measure and the bag of content words of the question. As in relational databases  , where the problem of large search space is mainly caused by join series  , in OODBMS the search space of a query is exponential according to the length of path expressions. As defined by prior research  , selective search has several non-deterministic steps. The SPC is based on stochastic dynamic programming and a detailed description of the model is presented i n1 4. The form of SA used is a variation of the Nelder-Mead downhill simplex method  , which incorporates a random variable to overcome local minima 9. Figure 3billustrates the similarity achieved as a function of the number of attempts for the above query set 9 variables and dataset density 0.5 combination. Aggregated search can be compared to federated search 18 also known as distributed information retrieval  , which deals with merging result rankings from different search engines into one single ranking list. For example  , AbdulJaleel and Larkey describe a transliteration technique 1  that they successfully applied in English- Arabic CLIR. These problems explain why CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than the monolingual runs  , even with the best translation tools of the world. Figure 1 illustrates the idea of outer dynamic programming . The same results are also used to highlight the advantages of bushy execution trees over more restricted tree shapes. We discuss the necessary changes in the context of a bottom-up dynamic programming optimizer SAC 79. Nonetheless  , the results suggest that a simple dictionary-based approach can be as effective as a sophisticated MT system for CLIR. the minimum number of operations needed to transform a document to the query and vice-versa. In terms of computation  , the two methods are equally efficient since the joint and marginal probabilities used in computing PMI can be easily derived from the counts of A  , B  , C and D defined in 4.2. Decentralized Search. Note that all the documents in a typical CLIR setup are assumed to be written in the corresponding native scripts. A related problem is that of document-to-document similarity queries  , in which the target is an entire document  , as opposed to a small number of words for a specific user query. This procedure assumes that all observations are statistically independent. The instance gets projected as a point in this multi-dimensional space. To help image search  , query formulation is required not only to be convenient and effective to indicate the search goal clearly  , but also to be easily interpreted and exploited for the image search engine. The Decomposition Theorem immediately gives rise to the Dynamic Programming approach 17 to compute personalized Page-Rank that performs iterations for k = 1  , 2  , . The latter finding suggests the necessity of combining bidirectional translation with synonymy knowledge. Specifically  , we represent a value for an uncertain measure as a probability distribution function pdf over values from an associated " base " domain. Regarding translation resources for CLIR  , we believe that two points are widely agreed upon:  resources are scarce and difficult to use; and  resources with greater lexical coverage are preferable. In order to deal with configuration similarity under limited time  , Papadias et al. Finally  , CLIR can be achieved by using the described document placement methods to place documents of different languages in the same map. This component uses a set of search tecbniques to find collision-free paths in the search space. Automatic phrase identification methods have been developed for CLIR environment Ballesteros & Croft  , 1997 . The effectiveness of both corpus and dictionary-based resources was artificially lowered by randomly translating different proportions of query terms  , simulating variability in the coverage of resources. There are three broad types of CLIR systems: those based on query translation  , those based on document translation  , and those that use some aspects of both 15. However  , the relatively poor performance of the translation component of our test CLIR system was not a major concern to us  , as it remained a constant throughout our experiments. The likelihood function formed by assuming independence over the observations: That is  , the coefficients that make our observed results most " likely " are selected. Traiectorv danner. An overview of the technical issues involved in supporting CLIR within the European Library with a specific focus on user query translation can be found in Agosti1. We have demonstrated that using statistical term similarity measures to enhance the dictionary-based query-translation CLIR method  , particularly in term disambiguation and query expansion  , can significantly improve retrieval effectiveness. Consider Figure 1a  , which depicts a sample search submitted to a major search engine. Still others are affected by the translation quality obtained. Research in the area of CLIR has focused mainly on methods for query translation. Section 6 compares CLIR performance of our system with monolingual IR performance. However  , the combined use of the two ontologies is destructive with respect to the use of the sole Organic. Lingua one. This differs from the simple-minded approach above  , where only a single starting pose is used for hill-climbing search  , and which hence might fail to produce the global maximum and hence the best map. Moreover  , ranking documents with respect to a pattern query that contains multiple similarity constraints is a complex problem that should be addressed after the more basic problem of capturing the similarity of two math expressions discussed in this paper is addressed. allows the planning of time-optimal trajectories using phase plane shooting methods or by dynamic programming . This indicates the proposed fast implementation scheme works well  , both in equivalent combination scheme and the use of approximate pignistic Shannon entropy. The main message to take away from this section is that we use distributed representations sequences of vector states as detailed in §3.1 to model user browsing behavior. The upper two figures are for AP88-89 dataset  , and the lower two are for WSJ87-88 dataset. In both systems  , color-based and texturebased image similarity search were available by dragging and dropping a thumbnail to use as the key for an image-based search. Then an agent will search through all available journals and conferences i.e. To be of any practical value  , the extra incurred overhead cost by the SPC can not outweigh the actual sensing costs. To apply this metric  , we converted the user interest model into a vector representation with all weighted interest elements in the model. The optimization problem presented in Section II is strongly limited by local mimima see Section IV-B for examples. The resulting good performance of CLIR corresponds to the high quality of the suggested queries. While the BSBM benchmark is considered as a standard way of evaluating RDB2RDF approaches  , given the fact that it is very comprehensive  , we were also interested in analysing real-world queries from projects that we had access to  , and where there were issues with respect to the performance of the SPARQL to SQL query rewriting approach. We assume that  , when no measurement information is available  , the feature can be anywhere in the 3D space with equal probability i.e. For the text search  , we make a use of the functionalities of the full-text search engine library. Optimizers of this sort generate query plans in three phases. Item 3 in Definition 1 is meant to address dynamic dispatching in object-oriented programming. When F reqmin is larger  , the correlation curves decrease especially for substring search. In addition to simple keyword searches  , Woogle supports similarity search for web services. We have benchmarked Preference SQL The search scenario of the search engine is as follows: In a pre-selection a set of hard criteria has to be filled into the search mask. We implemented this iterative dynamic programming technique for the motion of the wheel. This complexity arises from three main sources. However for narrower tasks  , a conventional tabbed search interface would appear to be better. The re-ranking function is able to promote one question related to RAW files  , which is not included in the candidate question set retrieved by query likelihood model. The real problem lies in defining similarity. The work on diversification of search results has looked into similar objectives as ours where the likelihood of the user finding at least one result relevant in the result set forms the basis of the objective function. Because the feature functions are only relied on local dependencies  , it enables the efficient search of top-K corrections via Dynamic Programming . In 10 the authors use the Fast Fourier Transform to solve the problem of pattern similarity search. SECC provides a socialized search function by implementing a userfriendly online chat interface for users who share similar search queries. For estimating L2 distance  , however   , we actually want low error across the whole range. These observations show that it is very important to explore the power of multiple kernels for KLSH in some real-world applications. The main aim of our participation in the cross-language track this year was to try different combinations of various individual cross-language information retrieval CLIR approaches. Side constraints such as fuel limits or specific time-of-arrival may be placed on the FOM calculation. In this respect  , blog feed search bears some similarity to resource ranking in federated search. Consider personalization of web pages based on user profiles. The format of the results includes method name  , path  , line of code where implementation for this method starts  , and the similarity with a query 11. The image search logs were collected in the first two weeks of Nov. 2012. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function  , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. The system uses a threshold policy to present the top 10 users corresponding to contexts similar above θ = 0.65  , a value determined empirically to best balance the tradeoff between relevance  , and the likelihood of seeing someone else as we go on to describe in following sections. However  , the search term M etallica returns many unrelated results 7 . Unfortunately  , these search types are not directly portable to textual searches  , because e.g. The observation likelihood is computed once for each of the samples  , so tracking becomes much more computationally feasible. The pairs with the highest likelihood can then be expected to represent instances of succession. Hence  , the overall complexity of our dynamic programming approach is O Finally  , in lines 17-21  , the reconstruction of buckets takes d steps. While view materialization is well understood for traditional relational databases  , it remains an active research for XML and RDF stores. The most common of these include dynamic programming 2   , mixed integer programming 5  , simulation and heuristics based methods. The repository structure includes a search engine  , which is used to search the contents of the repository. World Explorer helps users to search for a location and displays a tag cloud over that location. extracted from parallel sentences in French and English  , the performance of CLIR is improved. These interfaces provide query translation from the source language into the target languages using bilingual dictionaries . Search another instance with high similarity and same class from 'UnGroup' data  , repeat 6; 9. The results are shown in Table 3   , which indicate that an individual's NST@Self shows an obvious positive correlation with both shannon entropy and LZ  , i.e. Such federated search has the additional benefits of lower computational cost and better scaling properties. Object-oriented OO programming has many useful features   , such as information hiding  , encapsulation  , inheritance  , polymorphism  , and dynamic binding. After applying the substitution of Mj ,i  , a summary is hence generated within this iteration and the timeline is created by choosing a path in matrix M |H|×|T | . The first Col/Lib and second Loc columns give information about the name of the collection and their location. The important point to notice is that the predictive variance captures the inherent uncertainty in the function  , with tight error bars in regions of observed data  , and with growing error bars away from observed data. No tools such as part of speech taggers  , stemmers and separate corpora are involved. The similarity merge formula multiplies the sum of fusion component scores for a document by the number of fusion components that retrieved the document i.e. In the enhanced form MDLe  , it provided a formal basis for robot programming using behaviors and at the same time permitted incorporatlon of kmematic and dynamic models of robots in the form of differential equations. Unfortunately  , the standard Drupal search could not be used for implementing this scenario. Within the project Twenty-One a system is built that supports Crosslanguage Information Retrieval CLIR. More than 3800 text documents  , 1200 descriptions of mechanisms and machines  , 540 videos and animations and 180 biographies of people in the domain of mechanism and machine science are available in the DMG- Lib in January 2009 and the collection is still growing. The limitation of these methods is that they either depend on some external resources e.g. 2 It is helpful for CLIR since it can extract semantically relevant queries in target language. Our most relevant work 10  presented a method to predict the performance of CLIR according to translation quality and ease of queries. T Query arrival rate described by an exponential distribution with mean 1/λ  , T = λ. ts Seek plus latency access time  , ms/postings list  , ts = 4 throughout. The existing Cranfield style evaluation 11 is less appropriate in local search. Extensive research on similarity search have been proposed in recent years. The focus of this paper is on machine learning-based CLIR approaches and on metrics to measure orthogonality between these systems. In exploratory tasks users are often uncertain how to formulate search queries 8 either because they are unfamiliar with the search topic or they have no clear search goals in mind. Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. From Table 1  , we can see that the search space for optimizing a path expression is exponential to the path length. Their concern was evaluated on a whole query  , whereas we think every single term has its own impact on CLIR performance. 4 i.e. ViTABaL 7 is a hybrid visual programming environment that we had previously developed for designing and implementing TA-based systems. As summarized by Schauble and Sheridan 24  the TREC- 6 CLIR results appear consistent with previous results in that the performances typically range between 50 and 75% of the corresponding monolingual baselines. The English NL/S and NUWP queries that provided the basis for Finnish queries  , were also used as baselines for CLIR queries see Figure 1. Unfortunately  , it is well known that the generation of the reachability tree takes exponential time for the general case. The variance of each document's relevance score is set to be a constant in this experiment as we wish to demonstrate the effect of document dependence on search results  , and it is more difficult to model score variance than covariance. Second one  , numerically calculate the derivative using the finite difference method. The general idea used in the paper is to create regularization for the graph with the assumption that the likelihood of two nodes to be in the same class can be estimated using annotations of the edge linking the two nodes. The use of the combined dictionary is motivated by previous studies 9  , 17  , which showed that larger lexicon resource improves CLIR performance significantly. Different from existing interactive image search engines  , most of which only provides querybased or search result-based interaction  , MindFinder enables a bilateral query↔search result interactive search  , by considering the image database as a huge repository to help users express their intentions. This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. This can be compared to a type-cast in strongly typed object-oriented programming languages where an object's dynamic type must be compatible to the static casted type which can only be determined at runtime. In the sequel  , we discuss indexing the reduced PLA data to speed up the retrieval efficiency of the similarity search. Alternatively  , search results from a generic search engine can also be used  , where similarity between retrieved pages can be measured instead. When ς=1  , then the objective function yields themes which are smoothed over the participant co-occurrence graph. A parameter controls the degree of trade-off. Programming such an autonomous robot is very hard. Random pictures can be renewed on demand by the user. Despite the success  , most existing KLSH techniques only adopt a single kernel function. Edit distance captures the amount of overlap between the queries as sequences of symbols and have been previously used in information retrieval 4  , 14  , 28. Statistical features consistently achieve better R 2 than CLIR features  , which are followed by linguistic features R 2 of linguistic features is the same across different corpora since such properties remain still despite change of languages. With a case-base on the order of ten cases  , we were able to solve a set of ASG tasks which otherwise require exponential time because of the spatial properties involved. On each of these pages  , each of the regular search results and links in the data augmenting the search is sent through a redirector which records the search query  , the link and which section of the page the link was on. Although MSIR has attained very little attention explicitly   , many tangentially related problems like CLIR and transliteration for IR do discuss some of the issues of MSIR. However  , it can still be used in open-loop control and other closed-loop control strategies. The CLIR model described in 5 is based on the following decomposition: In particular  , the models proposed in 5  , 18  , 1 are considered. Related to this effort  , the D-Lib Working Group on Digital Library Metrics 2 was formed and was involved in the organisation of a workshop 3 in 1998  , which addressed several aspects of DL evaluation. Unfortunately  , this effort has not been continued. The marginal likelihood has three terms from left to right  , the first accounts for the data fit; the second is a complexity penalty term encoding the Occam's Razor principle and the last is a normalisation constant. We evaluated three multilingual data merging methods to obtain a single ranked list for the purpose of TREC-8 CLIR track submission. In this section  , we show how to conclude the construction of M Imp by incorporating the assumption PAs into M Exp . In Section 4 we describe our evaluation using the BSBM synthetic benchmark  , and three positive experiences of applying our approach in real case projects. Dynamic programming is also a widely used method to approximately solve NP-hard problems 1.  , The signal detection operates on a power signal; a Fast Fourier Transform FFT is being done which trans­ forms the signal in time domain into frequency domain. We performed a temporal search by submitting a temporal query to the news archive search engine http://www.newslibrary.com. The complexity of the planner is exponential on the number of joints  , and is of the order of Mn2nu   , where A4 is the discretization of the rectangular grid.  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and the query  Number of occurrences of the query in the target profile's description*  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and DuckDuckGo description* Besides the relationship between the description and query  , we further searched for the organization's description from DuckDuckGo 5   , a search engine that provides the results from sources such as Wikipedia. Combining these two values using a weighted sum function  , a final function value is calculated for every image block  , and the image block is categorized into one of the three classes: picture  , text  , and background. The difference to other engines is mainly in the search result representation . In our definition of a switching event  , navigational queries for search engine names e.g. The RAND-WALK agent impkments a completely randomized search strategy  , which has been shown to have a search complexity that is exponential in the number of state-action pairs in the system 2  , lo. Then  , Section 3.2 gives specific recurrences for choosing partitioning functions. We identify two families of queries. The procedure uses the individual energy consumption values for each grid side. Usually it is simpler and more efficient to translate queries than to translate documents because queries are generally much shorter than documents. However  , since the ultimate position of manipulator contacts on an object is a complex function of the second-order impedances of the manipulator and object  , creating such a model can be prohibitively difficult. In this paper  , we propose to use CLQS as an alternative to query translation  , and test its effectiveness in CLIR tasks. The language allows grouping of query conditions that refer to the same entity. It is easy to note that when ς=0  , then the objective function is the temporally regularized log likelihood as in equation 5. where the parameter ς controls the balance between the likelihood using the multinomial theme model and the smoothness of theme distributions over the participant graph. Following is a list of the keywords and keyphrases to be used in the mechanized search. However  , this comes at the cost of more expensive memory accesses. 2   , we expect that EM will not converge to a reasonable solution due to many local suboptimal maxima in the likelihood function. Since the parameters are estimated based on actual sensor data e.g. We distinguish preretrieval and post-retrieval data merging methods. c Learning on unlocked table: robot correctly estimates a mass and friction that reproduce the observed trajectory. Cross-language information retrieval CLIR has emerged as an important research area since the amount of multilingual web resources is increasing rapidly. However  , to calculate the likelihood function  , we have to marginalize over the latent variables which is difficult in our model for both real variables η  , τ   , as it leads to integrals that are analytically intractable  , and discrete variables z1···m  , it involves computationally expensive sum over exponential i.e. Likewise  , for the example in section 1.4  , the objective function at our desirable solutions is 0.5  , and have value 0.25 for the unpartitioned case. Its correct Chinese translations result in average precision AP of 0.5914 for CLIR. Post-hoc CLIR results are reported on all 75 topics from TREC 2001 and TREC 2002. directly applied traditional hashing methods for similarity search  , and significant speedup e.g. The distinction between search and target concept is especially important for asymmetric similarity. These terms may help focus on the query topic and bring more translated terms that together are useful for disambiguating the translation. Once we had a dictionary in a suitable format  , we used it with our existing Dictionary-based Query Translation DQT routines to translate the query from English into the language of one of the four language-speciic CLIR subcollections no translation was needed for the English subcollection. We used the reference linking API to analyze D-Lib articles. 3 report on CLIR experiments for French and Spanish using the same test collection as we do OHSUMED  , and the UMLS Metathesaurus for query translation  , achieving 71% of baseline for Spanish and 61 % for French. To avoid multiple assignments of single switch events to different FSMs  , the optimisation has to be repeated until all of them are sol- ved. We have applied Aspect-Oriented Programming AOP to collect dynamic information. The system can be accessed from: http: //eil.cs.txstate.edu/ServiceXplorer. query-term overlap and search result similarity. Therefore  , there is no way to model actions that reduce uncertainty. Second  , the system is extensible. Figure 3shows the MAP of the top five official monolingual French runs from CLEF 2001. Some possible fields in a journal search request may be as in  'Identifier' Response. doing initial retrieval using a dictionary translation  , and then improving this translation using the alignments  , as outlined above. The advantage of the dictionary-based approach is also twofold. Most of the existing works rely on search engine server logs to suggest relevant queries to user inputs. With our TREC-8 submission  , we are in a position to assess how well our techniques extend to European languages. Since the main goal of the presented work consists of exploring the impact of domain-specific semantic resources on the effectiveness of CLIR systems  , in our investigations we will focus on the strategies for matching textual inputs to ontological concepts applied to both the query and the documents in the target collection rather than on the translation of the textual query. Similarly  , the weighted permutation entropy scores did not exhibit a significant difference over the latency conditions  , for permutations of order With respect to the EDA data  , the obtained Shannon entropy scores did not change significantly across the latency conditions χ 2 3 = 3.40  , p > .05. Shannon entropy. Shannon Entropy is defined as To answer this question  , we calculate the Shannon Entropy of each user from the distribution of categories across their sessions. We plan on investigating the use of different estimators in future work. A fast-Fourier transform was performed on this signal in order to analyze the frequencies involved and the results can be seen in figure 12. Additionally  , we use the keyboard to allow for the entrance of data. Many extension mechanisms require extensions The relationship among the EI components  , the to be written by programming the user interprogram components  , and the user interface is the face; such extensions consist of files containing key to the effective utilization of dynamic extension. The following list of user requirements related to CLIR was derived: Together with the observation notes  , the scenarios served to identify key factors for system design. Bing search engine.  The use of dynamic programming to re-arrange markup Section 8. However  , previous work showed that English- Chinese CLIR using simple dictionary translation yields a performance lower than 60% of the monolingual performance 14. Although not strictly an upper bound because of expansion effects  , it is quite common in CLIR evaluation to compare the effectiveness of a CLIR system with a monolingual baseline. If the grid is coarse  , dynamic programming works reasonably quickly.   , we must compute the best recovery action. Essentially  , we take the ratio of the greatest likelihood possible given our hypothesis  , to the likelihood of the best " explanation " overall. A query task classification system was also employed  , based on 32 words indicative of home page search such as 'home' or 'homepage'. The results were substantially better than either search engine provided no " search engine " performed really poorly. Still another method that would be worth studying is data fusion; different translation methods produce different result lists. To centre the mean of the RGB likelihood function on the fingertips  , two additional likelihood functions are introduced. Cost of Search: What does an average search query cost and what does a response contain ? Since RAP is known to be NP-hard4  , we take a dynamic programming approach that yields near optimal solutions. A larger mAP indicates better performance that similar instances have high rank. This section presents two methods of combining dictionary and spelling evidence in the framework given by Eq. To perform a similarity search  , the indexing method hashes a query object into a bucket  , uses the data objects in the bucket as the candidate set of the results  , and then ranks the candidate objects using the distance measure of the similarity search. 0 Motion prediction. To preserve the quality of results  , a distributed search engine must generate the same results as a centralized implementation.