function based on this metric to zero. These fields were identified using regular expression and separated using end of the section patterns. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. Mark has been a co-organizer of two TREC tracks  , a co-organizer of the SIGIR 2013 workshop on modeling user behavior for information retrieval evaluation MUBE and the SIGIR 2010 workshop on the simulation of interaction. The argument to the PATH-IS function is a regular expression made up from operation names. The element content is constrained by a content expression   , that is  , a regular expression over element definitions. It is a recursive function that generates the set OptAns of all answers candidate to be optimum by combining the paths in a connected component cc. It is not difficult to see that a regular expression exists for the tag paths in Table 1. For each failing test  , we split the input file into segments comprising 500 lines each. 7+ is the operator of a regular expression meaning at least one occurrence. where the parameter T corresponds to artificial temperature in the simulated annealing method. By analyzing the URLs for the central servers of these 97 MDNs  , ARROW generated 2  , 592 regular expression b ARROW signatures. 4 study the problem of semantic query suggestion  , where each query is linked to a list of concepts from DBpedia  , ranked by their relevance to the query. We constructed a set of rules for extracting a causality pair. After each sentence is identified and parsed  , its parse tree is traversed in a depth-first recursive function. dynamic programming  , greedy  , simulated annealing  , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 22. In the novel ranking model proposed in this paper  , the following three relevance criteria are considered. To evaluate the ability of generative models  , we numerically compared the models by computing test-set perplexity PPX. DeLa discovers repeated patterns of the HTML tags within a Web page and expresses these repeated patterns with regular expression. In that case  , the complexity of the problem can be analyzed along the number of semantic paths retrieved Similar heuristics to those discussed in the first approach that use context to prune paths based on degree of relevance can also be used here. We show how the transformation intertwines both functions yielding a program which computes the aggregate function while sorting. Example of the possible rule: person_title_np = listi_personWord src_  , hum_Cap2+ src_  , $setHUM_PERSON/2 Also  , they support the regular expression style for features of words. Although Codd advised the community to include an accurate paraphraseand-verify step 4  , it seems that developed systems seldom take this requirement seriously and instead simply translate the user's query to SQL  , applied it and then presented the answers  , perhaps along with the SQL. The relevance is then computed based on the similarity between two bags of concepts. As described in the preceding  , H p is the set of minimal DFAs accepting the regular expression guards of the various roles of different transactions played by class p. Note that the maximum number of behavioral partitions does not depend on the number of objects in a class. We introduce an experimental platform based on the data set and topics from the Semantic Search Challenge 9  , 4 . Besides the semantic relevance between the ad and ad landing page  , the ad should be consistent with the style of web page. Briefly  , the simplest and most practical mechanism for recognizing patterns specified using regular expressions is a Finite State Machine FSM. In contrast  , our goal in this paper is to infer the more general class of deterministic expressions . In this paper we do not address the problem of scalability or efficiency in determining the relevance of the ontologies  , in respect to a query. Paraphrasing  , INSTANCE matches each optional sequence of arbitrary characters ¥ w+ tagged as a determiner DT  , followed optionally by a sequence of small letters a-z + tagged as an adjective JJ  , followed by an expression matching the regular expression denoted by PRE  , which in turn can be optionally followed by an expression matching the concatenation of MID and POST. The regular expression on line 546 reflects this specification: '\w' represents word characters word characters include alphanumeric characters  , '_'  , and '. An algebra A is presented that combines the problems of finding the three kinds of data flow anomalies. The main obstacle in typing and optimizing a structurally recursive query is the functions involved in the query. Thus  , the gradual shaping of the collision regions can be achieved by the decrease of the output temperature T starting from a high value. Clearly  , providing individual phone numbers as seed examples would not achieve the desired behavior; the numbers may not even exist in the corpus. But the hash codes of images generated by baseline methods still show little relevance to their topics. Composition operators can be seen as deening regular expressions on a set of sequence diagrams  , that will be called references expressions for SDs. In this method  , the TSP was solved as a sub-optimal exploration path by using a Simulated Annealing method SI. In most of the existing click models  , we are only aware of which position is clicked  , but the underlying " semantic explanations " for the clicking behavior  , e.g. These properties may be written in a number of different specification formalisms  , such as temporal logics  , graphical finite-state machines  , or regular expression notations  , depending on the finite-state verification system that is being employed. It generates a semantic graph for I/O of WSDL services using a user provided ontology and Wordnet 12 . More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from the transactional data TransC i  for the segmentation level models  , and compare its performance with the performance results obtained in Section 4. Each book  , for example  , may take a considerable time to review  , particularly when collecting passage level relevance assessments. Column and table names can be demoted into column values using special characters in regular expressions; these are useful in conjunction with the Fold transform described below. This feature container provides standardized means to add and remove features  , and allows queries for a particular feature. This is due to the fact that the Simulated Annealing method is a stochastic approach. Once a number has been located  , the following token is checked to see if the number can be further classified into a unit of measure. In this section we employ a graph-rewriting approach to transform a SOA to a SORE. The actions of the rule consist in the closure method call and its own reactivation. In the following we demonstrate how to handle an inductive proof in our system by proving a simple lemma end with On  , which expresses that at the end of the special intervals the heater is on. In the case of merger and acquisition deals  , we also identify companies  , names of financial advisors such as investment banks  , dates  , industry sectors. Possibilities are  , for instance  , to use the current projects base URI or regular expression-based techniques. Search results which produce pages of links create an implicit association among the pages  , insofar as the returned pages contain the words given  , but such an association can be distinct from a person's context informing the choice of those terms. We study how such a user preference signal affects the clickrate of a business and design effective strategies to generate personalization features. Since these SQL queries are derived from a single regular path expression  , they are likely to share many relational scans  , selections and joins. The major contribution of this paper is an extension of SA called Toured Simulated Annealing TSA  , to better deal with parallel query optimization. Similar to cluster-based retrieval  , we rank the verticals clusters based on their estimated relevance and ultimately select the top ranked verticals to choose items from. , l  , 2  , 5  , 141. Additionally  , because of the initially high control parameter value analogous to temperature in the simulated annealing dynamics of GESA  , a poorly performing child can succeed the parent of its family in the initial stages  , thus enabling escape from local minimum traps. The third column lists some example regular expressions or gazetteer entries as the case may be. In the example at hand  , k=42 since every query and corresponding relevance set from SAWSDL-TC serves as a partition from the service set. -constrain paths based on the presence or absence of certain nodes or edges. We assume that the significance of a citation link can be estimated by the relevance of each entity considering the query topic. The given text fragment is first represented as a vector of words weighted also by TFIDF. Almost all these existing methods are devoted to propose various measures to estimate the relevance score between query and sources and this kind of relevance is very closely related with the semantic content of query and results. The recursion should terminate when the output of the TRANSFORMER function is identical to its input. These feature vectors are further used for training a Self-Organizing Map. The Maximum Entropy approach allows for the use of a large amount of descriptors without the need to specify their relevance for training a specific semantic concept. However  , due to the representation of the collision function by a potential field  , path planning may stick into local minima as it is shown in figure 6 d where the obstacle regions are represented by two rectangular regions. Applying a regular expression pattern   , such as " find capitalized phrases containing some numbers with length greater than two "   , on the text " The Nokia 6600 was one of the oldest models. " Densityr #regex successes rate 0.0  , 0.2  Experiments on partially covering samples. In the end  , 30 identifiers 9.6% reached the ultimate goal and were identified as a semantic concept on Wikidata. State-of-the-art TempEx taggers such as HeidelTime 36 and SUTime 9  are based on regular expression matching   , handcrafted rules  , and background dictionaries. For custom parameterizations like the regular expression inference discussed above  , the user must define the cardinality function based on the parameterization. Based on this prediction  , we propose a semantic relevance calculation on categorized interpretations. At present we thercforc USC a boltom-up evaluation strategy for recursive and mutually-rccursivc set-valued functions. We used 'http' as the keyword to target only tweets containing links. Computational search techniques to find fixed level covering arrays include standard techniques such as hill climbing and simulated annealing. The expression E is then evaluated to determine whether or not a data flow anomaly exists. are in fact simple examples demonstrating the use of the system-under-test. Another objective of this research is to discover whether reducing the imbalance in the training data would improve the predictive performance for the 8 modeling methods we have evaluated. Indeed  , there is no paper or manual available describing the machinery underlying Trang. A simplex is simply a set of N+l guesses  , or vertices  , of the N-dimensional statevector sought and the error associated with each guess. We use the notation that af denotes the class in which the field f is declared as an instance variable  , and For read or role transition effects  , we record the starting point and regular expression for the path to the object. Thus it has particular relevance for archaeological cross domain research. The search for product names starts with the generation of a set of candidate phrases. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. Its application at line 2 automatically generates two sub-goals. For example  , if the query is " night "   , relevant pictograms are first selected using the highest semantic relevance value in each pictogram  , and once candidate pictograms are selected  , the pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category  , which in this case is the TIME category. For SD the only feature of interest is the objecttext – i.e. Further  , the constraint is semantical in nature  , and therefore it is difficult for the average user to assess whether a given regular expression is deterministic or not. First the summary function of the call node must be computed from the regular expression for the arc language of the called prime program . It represents a very real although often informal set of software repositories for formal "release" levels  , commonly employed by larger software organizations. However  , regular expressions are not very robust with respect to layout variations and structural changes that occur frequently in Web sites. Third  , we have combined the notion of semantic relationship with traditional information-retrieval techniques to guarantee that answers are not merely semantically-related fragments  , but actually fragments that are highly relevant to the keywords of the query. Creative- Work " implies all schema.org children  , such as Book  , Map  , and MusicAlbum. The text part of a message can be quallfled aocordlng to a regular expressIon of strlngs words  , oomblnatlons of words present In them. As a downhill simplex method  , an initial guess of the intrinsic camera parameters is required for further calculation . However  , the browsing tool simply required users to think about what might be the main colour and then look in that colour square. This simplification is the standard practice in IR modeling  , as in the ubiquitous unigram language model e.g. We already mentioned that xtract 31 also utilizes the Minimum Description Length principle. The mapping to the dual plane and the use of arrangements provides an intuitive framework for representing and maintaining the rankings of all possible top-k queries in a non-redundant  , self-organizing manner. We tag entities using a regular expression tagger  , a trie-based tagger and a scalable n-gram tagger 14. THEOREM 3.2: Let R be a regular expression over alphabet 0. The hierarchy among the maps is established as follows. Simulated annealing SA is implemented to optimize the global score S in Equation 1. We also performed experiments to understand the effect of contextual and regular expression features; the combined set performs best  , as expected. By doing The components of the resultant forceslmoments at the robot joints a a part due to velocity and gravity terms function of position and Even for the frictioniess problem  , a recursive  , and not the explicit form of the analytical equations which describe the robot dynamics  , is preferable for a numerical implementation. The regular expression in this example is a sequence of descriptors. The recursive evaluation to determine this value is: Figure 3shows the recursive cost function. Tuples have two operations  , construction and element selection tuple projection  , defied on them in addition to equality based on the equalities of their constituent types algebras. After all documents are indexed  , the data are aggregated and sent to the Self-Organizing Map for categorization. 1. In the current framework  , using XPath as a pattern language  , the SDTD of Example 3 is equivalent to the following schema: Here  , Types = {discount-dvd  , regular-dvd}. The highest P@3 for IFM is clocked at 0.794  , which is comparable to the 0.801 achieved by QR4. But  , on the other hand  , we have exploited some internal mechanisms of EXPRESS  , namely the indexing with most specific terms and the automatic recursive term expansion described in Chapter 4  , in order to achieve an elegant partial solution. As suggested by early probabilistic models we argue that analyzing directly unmatched terms may provide additional cues to the relevance of a candidate document to the query. Boolean operators and uncertainty operators have to be evaluated in a different way from the evaluation of semantic operators. Then  , a regular expression is used to extract all abbreviations from the articles. We are continuing to study alternatives to this basic XPath expression  , such as using regular expressions  , allowing query expansion using synonyms  , and weighting the importance of terms. Various methods were proposed to solve this problem – we used perplexity   , which is widely used in the language-modeling community   , as well as the original work to predict the best number of topics. The open angle bracket < is used as a special escape character  , hence we make sure that it does not appear in the source text  , which is either a question or a passage. * ?/ in Perl regular expression syntax for the abbreviation î that is used to search a database of known inflected forms of Latin literature. Another observation was that the initial temperature had no noticeable effect when the optimal assignment metric is used as the energy function. In order to translate an extended selection operation u7 ,ee into a regular algebraic expression  , we have to break down the operation into parts  , thereby reducing the complexity of the selection predicate $. It allows learning accurate predictive models from large relational databases. For instance  , it was agreed to that a hyponym of campaign  , such as Marlboro Ranch a name of a specific marketing campaign should be considered  , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance  , whereas the non-specific hypernym campaign should not be considered   , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance. To solve the former  , they use a simple regular expression matching strategy  , which does not scale. At the bottom of the screen  , YES/NO buttons allow users to submit a relevance judgement for this map/query pair. While some projects have attempted to derive the semantic relevance of discrete search results  , at least sufficiently to be able to group them into derived categories after the fact 27  , the unstructured nature of the Web makes exploring relationships among pages  , or the information components within pages  , difficult to determine. These patterns are expressed in regular expression. Two methods are also given for detecting the data flow anomalies without directly computing the regular expression for the paths. Finally  , it produces and returns the resulting regular expression based on case 4 line 17. Randomized strategies do not  , guarantee that the best solution is obtained  , but avoid the high cost of optimization. Our major contributions are a new technique referred to as the structural function inlining and a new approach to the problem of typing and optimizing structurally recursive queries. Given a hierarchical view that already is defined  , the user simply inserts a new function and provides a defining expression by using func- tions of PREV. In this regard  , our structural function inlining is a novel technique for typing recursive XML queries. In addition  , MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 11  , item taxonomy 9 and attributes 1  , social relations 8  , and 3-way interactions 21. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from data TransC i  for all the individual customer models and compare its performance with the performance of function 1 estimated from the transactional data for the whole customer base. For these candidates  , we first create features based on the terms found in the context window. To do this  , ACL2 attempts to guess a well-founded measure for the function and to prove that it decreases with each recursive call. The regular expression code for matching each part of package names is: This method can also be used to identify classes sharing the same name but belonging to two different packages. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. The user  , however  , is free to come up with regular expression rules to mark up a description to any detailed level. For each regular expression in RT  we construct the corresponding nondeterministic finite automaton NDFA using Thomson's construction 13. In section 4  , the method of simulated annealing is used to drive the cost. Finally  , the Analyzer generates code for the Operator that uses the regular expression http://weather ?city=. In other words  , we have shown that the iterative program computes an extension of the function computed by our recursive program  , rather that the exact same function. In 3 it is even shown that elr can not be defined by any one-unambiguous regular expression. They are comprised of cascades of regular expression patterns   , that capture among other things: base noun phrases  , single-level  , two-level  , and recursive noun phrases  , prepositional phrases  , relative clauses  , and tensed verbs with modals. The existing test-driven reuse approaches make signature matching a necessary condition to the relevance and matching criteria: a component is considered only if it offers operations with sufficiently similar signatures to the test conditions specified in the original test case. However  , semantic similarity neither implies nor is implied by structural similarity. Transitions t chk0 and t chk1 detect the condition under which the matching cannot continue e.g. We formulate a combination of the new semantic change measure and the relevance prediction from the enhanced classifier to produce a normalized quantifiable intention strength measure ranging from -1.0 to 1.0 past to current intention  , respectively. We distinguish two types of path expressions: simple path expression SPE and regular path expression RPE. Sheridan differentiates between two types: those which use a time series extrapolation for prediction  , and those which do system modeling also including the multidimensional control input2. If none of the above heuristics identifies a merge  , we mark the pull request as unmerged. Such normalization does not always make sense for binary and integer features  , and it also removes the nonnegativity of our feature representation that offers intuitive interpretation of them. As part of the CLEF 2006 effort  , which shared the same set of topics as used in CLEF 2007  , the topics were categorised into a number of different categories  , including: easy/hard  , semantic/visual  , and geographic/general 5. ST represents a semantic type to which the concepts appearing in the topicrelated text snippets belong. For example " Müller " can also be spelled as " Muller " or " Mueller " . Also  , the calculation of the object distance is slightly different in the implementation of ARTOO than the formula given in Section 2  , in that no normalization is applied to the elementary distances as a whole: for characters  , booleans  , and reference values the given constants are directly used  , and for numbers and strings the normalization function given in Section 2 is applied to the absolute value of the difference for numbers and to the Levenshtein distance respectively for strings. For this project  , we have used a different approach  , which is to seed the search space with many guesses  , taking the best one the smallest average distance error  , and running it to minimization. Each example token sequence was analyzed with a set of ad hoc features. We focus on the least powerful grammar category C 3 and the corresponding language category  , which has been shown to be equal to the one defined by the regular expression formalism. We augmented some of their P2P signatures to account for protocol changes and some new P2P applications. Befi q captures relevance because it is based on all propositions defining the semantic content of the object o  , that imply the query formula. , MFCC and visual semantic features 15 . ADT a is an automatic aggregation of the list of ADTs b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a commuted regular expression of the regular expression formed by concatenating the elements in the list of ADTs b. b: Here b is an ordered list of two or more ADTs. It is well-known that the permutation expression can be compacted a bit to exponential size but no further compaction is possible in regular expression notation. In the ARCOMEM project 22 first approaches have been investigated to implement a social and semantic driven selection model for Web and Social Web content. They pose requirements on occurring attributes and their values. It typically starts by translating the function body as if the inner call does nothing. In this section  , we will provide a version of the back­ stepping based on the Razumikhin function for the time-delay systems 1. We then choose context-dependent services that meet the resulting signatures  , i.e. Schema matching techniques have also been used to identify the semantic types of columns by comparing them with labeled columns 10 . We show that regular XPATH queries are capable of expressing a large class of XPATH queries over a recursive DTD D. That is  , regular XPATH expressions capture both DTD recursion and XPATH recursion in a uniform framework. The analyzer takes two inputs: a PHP program and an input specification. Recall that ROOTS is the set of edges from ²ÖÓÓØ to roots in the semistructure. For the above example  , the developers compute the regular expression once and store it into a variable: Due to the lack of real-world data  , we have developed a synthetic regular expression generator that is parameterized for flexibility. We attempt to extract author names both by means of matches of the generated EREG  , or extracting the text appearing in between two matches of a GREG. Results indicate  , not surprisingly perhaps  , that standard crosswalking can be successful if different standard-issuing agencies base their standard writing on a common source and/or a Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Consider the following recursive function rem U : LT LΠ → LT LΠ that operates on an LTL formula φ and removes all the positive occurrences of atomic propositions in U that appear in conjunctions recall that no negation operator appears in our formulas: In Figure 3  , we present a protocol for constructing a valid read quorum. The challenge for CBIR systems therefore is to provide mechanisms for structuring browsing in ways that rely upon the visual characteristics of images. Second  , the L p -norm distance form of the above model reflects the coverage of keywords  , and p ≥ 1 controls the strength of ANDsemantics among keywords. This regular expression is then applied on the sentences extracted by the search engine for 2 purposes: i. 24 simulator  , using GraspIt! After finding out the results of t evaluations  , each robot could then independently perform the calculation to determine the next policy  ?r and continue with the next iteration. This generic representation  , is a list of regular expressions  , where each regular expression represents the links in a page the crawler has to follow to reach the target pages. Using more than one event queue allows a more concurrent handling of events using multiple threads. Modeling and feature selection is integrated into the search over the space of database queries generating feature candidates involving complex interactions among objects in a given database. In test phase  , the sentences retrieved are spitted into short snippets according to the splitting regular expression " ,|-| " and all snippets length should be more than 40. For building accurate models  , ignoring instances with missing values leads to inferior model performance 7  , while acquiring complete information for all instances often is prohibitively expensive or unnecessary. For example  , to identify the DirectConnect protocol we need to perform a regular expression match for: However  , we also know that the first byte of the DirectConnect TCP payload needs to be 36 and the last byte 124. Afterwards  , the entity candidate e i j of a surface form candidate set V i that provides the highest relevance score is our entity result for surface form m i . For each instance of the iterator created for a path pattern  , two DFAs are constructed. The following section shows that the standard transitive closure is one important example of a recursive query for which the running time of a sample is indeed a function of the sample size. We argued in 14 that annotating medical images with information available from LODD can eventually improve their search and navigation through additional semantic links. One can express that a string source must match a given regular expression. The SCSF model is a further extension  , presented in Section 3.2.2. Consider  , for example  , the classifier that identifies SD. Method gives access to the methods provided by a compo- nent. If the increment of a joint angle between its start and goal is large enough so that Path finding in static or partially changing environments is described in section 4. \Ye note that the inverse in the above expression exists a t regular points. Conventional contextual advertising primarily matches ads to web pages based on categories or prominent keywords which are regarded as semantic meaning. However  , almost all of them ignore one important factor for resource selection  , i.e. For instance  , the following function from 28  performs a recursive access on the class hierarchy in order to figure out whether an entity is an instance of a given class. This paper presents an approach to retrieval for Question Answering that directly supports indexing and retrieval on the kind of linguistic and semantic constraints that a QA system needs to determine relevance of a retrieved document to a particular natural language input question. Planning of motion has exploited the strength of simulated annealing 15  , distributed approaches 13 ,16-171  , closed-chain reconfiguration  181 and multi-layered solvers  10 ,12 ,19. The next step in our experimental plan is to use schemas such as our detailed ones for blog sevice users and bioinformatics information and computational grid users Hs05 to learn a richer predictive model. Since the Razumikhin func­ tion can be constructed easily and the additional re­ striction for the system is not required in the pro­ posed recursive design  , an asymptotically stabilizing controller can be explicitly constructed. The WHIRL system 9  computes ranked results of queries with similarity joins  , but uses an extensional semantics. Variation of iterations The impact of a duplication of the number of performed iterations is relatively small and very much depends on the type of investigated graph G. Further information is given in the appendix. Through utilizing such ranking function  , the recursive feature elimination procedure on the feature set provides more insights into the importance of each feature to the total revenue. The combinator accepts a sequence of such parsers and returns a new parser as its output. This engine was based originally on a number of pattern recognition tools collectively known as tgrep. Applying the method of simulated annealing can be time consuming. The weighted version RW weights the semantic clusters based on the aggregate relevance levels of the tweets included in each cluster. The program correctly identified the semantic closeness between the following two context vectors the two context vectors have a distance of 0.03012 – the relative large value means they are close: Note that the two contexts have only one overlapping words. of edge labels is a string in the language denoted by the regular expression R appearing in Q. No data type exists to speak of  , with the exception of strings  , whitespace-free strings  , and enumerations of strings. Figure 4illustrates CSSA for the case where the user requires the best K solutions exceeding the similarity specified by target. In our example  , the only entry of the graph is " Floor- Request " . Locating a piece of music on the map then leaves you with similar music next to it  , allowing intuitive exploration of a music archive. Then we turn to QSQR which has recently been introduced for handling recursive axioms in deductive databases by Vie86. In this section we describe the details of integrating Simulated Annealing and downhill Simplex method in the optimization framework to minimize the loss function associated directly to NDCG measure. In spite of its reasonably acceptable performance  , it has an important drawback as a relevant page on the topic might be hardly reachable when this page is not pointed by pages relevant to the topic. ε and ∅ are two atomic regular expressions denoting empty string and empty set resp. Most steps just move the point of the simplex where the objective value is largest highest point to a lower point with the smaller objective value. Latent semantic models based on the latent space matching approach learn vector representations for queries and documents  , such that the distance between a query vector vQ and a document vector vD reflects the degree of relevance of the document D to the query Q. In such a system   , users can query with a boolean combination of tags and other keywords  , and obtain resources ranked by relevance to users' interests. Simple Semantic Association queries between two entities result in hundreds of results and understanding the relevance of these associations requires comparable intellectual effort to understanding the relevance of a document in response to keyword queries. Any remaining cycles in the request graph suggest that a possibly mutually-recursive function is making server requests. The idea behind this rule is as follows: We construct an algebraic expression el representing {To foZ ,/ ?r For example  , the following example  , in the pseudo-regular expression notation of a fictional template engine  , generates a <br> separated list of users: The surprising fact is that these minimal templates can do a lot. Each dimension of the latent space is represented by an entity and the query-document relevance is estimated based on their projections to each dimension. Notice that a regular expression has an equivalent automaton. Such a query can be encoded as a regular expression with each Ri combined using an " OR " clause and this regular expression based query can be issued as an advanced search to a search engine. Carnevali  , et al. The multigram index is an inverted index that includes postings for certain non-English character sequences. , knows ? In addition to finding packets which identify a particular connection as belonging to a particular P2P application the classifier also maintains an accounting state about each TCP connection. The regular expression da is also referred to as the element definition or content model of a. Kuo and Chen propose an approach that utilizes a controlled vocabulary from cross-document co-reference chains for event clus- tering 17  , 18. The path generation problem can be modeled as the Traveling Salesman Problem TSP SI. This is because if there is a move possible which reduces energy   , simulated annealing will always choose that and in that case the value of the ratio AEIT does not influence the result. A consequence of this is that all regular expression variables appear in the head of any base rule. For 2  , the reduction is from DISJOINT PATHS  , whose NP-completeness follows immediately from results in FHw801. Previous approaches 5  , 1  , 6  to solve Problem 1 were focusing on its search space  , exploiting in different ways the pruning power of the regular expression R over unpromising patterns. Our analyzer dynamically constructs the transducers described above for a grammar with regular expression functions and translates it into a context-free grammar. We apply the concepts of modular grammar and just-in-time annotation to RegExprewrite rules. This approach has the advantage of not requiring any hand-coding but has the disadvantage of being very sensitive to the representational choices made by the source on the Semantic Web. The execute-imm function computes the partial fixpoint of a database instance using some immediate rules. Besides the above heuristics using greedy approach  , Jiang et al. Definition 1. The following regular expression describes all possibilities: By continuing in this manner  , an arbitrarily long connection can be sustained. Selecting a set of words relevant to the query would reduce the effect of less-relevant interpretation words affecting the calculation. , see 16 . Both methods share the problem of too much generality since the pro- grammer can write anything into the loop or the function body; this severely limits query optimization. Each rule is represented by a regular expression  , and to the usual set of operators we added the operator →  , simple transduction  , such that a → b means that the terminal symbol a is transformed into the terminal symbol b. Experimental evaluation suggests that x 0 = 0.8 and a T 0 equal to the similarity of the initial solution  , is the best combination for the initial value of T. For decreasing the value of T  , we apply the common e.g. By projecting images into S  , cross-media relevance can be computed. The results also show that the regular expression and statistical features e.g. In this paper  , we proposed a topic segmentation method which allows us to extract semantic blocks from Web pages using visual criteria and content presentation HTML tags. This work could be extended in several directions. , recursive function calls  , we follow the cycle until the annotations stabilize. The XQuery core's approach to support recursive navigation is based on the built-in descendant-or-self function and the internal typing function recfactor as we have already seen in Section 2. Works such as 7  , 29  , 23 use regular-expression-like syntax to denote event patterns. The property verification is restricted to the users that belong to the specified class  , and that matches the regular expression in the scope of the property. Since questions are typically one sentence long and contain fewer words than answers  , we only apply pruning on answer passages. If the regular expression matches an instance it is safe to return a validity assessment. 319- index for all the possible pose sets  , Zhuang et al. The basic text substrings  , such as the target or named entities  , are recognized using regular expressions and replaced with an angle-bracket-delimited expression. if f is recursively defined   , the meaning of f is given by the least fixed point of the higher-order and non-recursive function Af.e see Sch86 . Recursive data structures and recursive function calls are inherently handled. The heuristic rules allow creating user-defined types. Table 6 provides a matrix of the changes in relevance labels for the documents returned in the top position for each query Next  , we take a closer look at the changes brought about by the inclusion of metafeatures in the combination of latent semantic models. Marginal citations are detected by semantic links between two homogeneous entities. To measure the keywords relevance to identify traffic spam  , we studied the doorway pages with more than one META keywords. In all our experiments  , the term frequency normalisation parameters are optimised using Simulated Annealing 15. This binding is realized in the notion of In a query of type 1  , the text pattern can be specified in many different ways  , e.g. The MediaMagic user interface contains tools for issuing queries text  , latent semantic text  , image histogram  , and concept queries  , displays ranked results lists and has an area for viewing and judging retrieved shots. Further more  , literature on this method doesn't mention any restriction about its use. Simulated annealing consistently does as well or better than hill climbing  , so we report only those results for the next two tables. These are very significant challenges  , especially for transportable systems which are based on theoretical idealizations of language  , not the kind of slop that real users use. In the region shown  , €7: = f -'  W l    , the zero reference point s = 0 of each self-organizing map approximating a self-motion manifold is at the location of minimum manipulability  , while maximum manipulability is obtained for a value of s = MaxM of about f0.7 in units defined in 12. , writing regular expression scripts to parse the input data and recognize the existence of each feature in the input. In contrast   , the structural function inlining optimizes recursive functions to avoid useless evaluation over irrelevant fragments of data. Although the great majority of users simply have the typical religion/party/philosophy names in those fields e.g. In the original model  , the occurrence of the loop can then be replaced by a simple call to this recursive function instead . For the non-number entities  , a regular expression is used for each class to search the text for entities. These data could be easily incorporated to improve the predictive power  , as shown in Figure 13. We also write some regular expression to match some type of entities . To prove the applicability of our technique  , we developed a system for aggregating and retrieving online newspaper articles and broadcast news stories. For example  , unit names as abbreviations are inflected in Finnish by appending a : and the inflection ending. The result was a large number of question classes with very few instances in them. The extractor is implemented as a module that can be linked into other information integration systems. For example  , the atleast operator provides a compact representation of repetitions that seems natural even to someone not familiar with regular expression notation. The correspondences are loosely enforced initially and refined as the iterations proceed so that  , upon convergence  , each point on one surface has a single corresponding point on the other surface . To retrieve better intention-conveying pictograms using a word query  , we proposed a semantic relevance measure which utilizes interpretation words and frequencies collected from a web survey. The complexity of a regular expression  , i.e. One alternative considered in the design of XJ was to allow programmers the use of regular expression types in declarations. The method of simulated annealing was used with this metric as the energy function for two sets of initial and final configurations one simply connected and one containing a loop. Property 3 shows that the R M R N   , possesses an elegant recursive property with regard to its structure in a manner similar to the n-cube. Another ap- proach 19 is to learn regular expression-like rules for data in each column and use these expressions to recognize new examples. In the first step  , they utilized the 'target entity to retrieve web documents  , and then by using regular expression they retrieved the candidates from the text of the web documents. stemming and capitalization and then converted into a list of 110 regular expressions  , such as: In this example  , a word with the normalized form place  , view  , or use must occur in the same sentence as tool to collect  , and a word with normalized form inform e.g. Having validated our semantic similarity measure σ G s   , let us now begin to explore its applications to performance evaluation . Not every nondeterministic regular expression is equivalent to a deterministic one 15. For example  , a grammar " Figure 1explains the procedures to determine the expected answer type of an input question. , Acrobat Reader and Chapter . Example 7 illustrates this for geo-coordinates; we have used the same approach for dates. We now give examples of derivable relational concepts such as relational algebra and integrity constraints. After that it matches the query keywords with the generated service semantic graph keywords to find relevance and propose services to the user. The best regular expression in the candidate set C is now the deterministic one that minimizes both model and data encoding cost. Figure 1shows appropriate sequences of such steps. It uses the ontology structure to determine the relevance of the candidate instances. Assuming the reader to be familiar with recursion in deductive databases Gallaire84  , Bancilhon86  , Ullman86  , we address the problem of evaluating queries referencing rule defined relations. We use capital Greek letters Ξ and Ψ as placeholders for one of the above defined quantifiers. In the above proof since the function superCon is recursive  , we need to perform the induction on the variable k. The PVS command induct invokes an inductive proof. However  , in ARC-programs what is more important is the means by which bindings are propagated in rules. Then  , we can check whether the context-free language obtained by the analyzer is disjoint with this set. However  , we cannot use the first approach when the argument is any expression other than the path expression . The lower perplexity the higher topic modeling accuracy. For example  , the following example  , in the pseudo-regular expression notation of a fictional template engine  , generates a <br> separated list of users: Our method presupposes a set of pictograms having a list of interpretation words and ratios for each pictogram. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. If an interrupt restoring function is encountered  , we simply restore the state to X. In this paper  , we model target boundary as a global contour energy minimum under a constraint of region features. These questions can be answered by writing a schema that uses information found within the CIA World Factbook. We consider various combinations of text and link similarity and discuss how these correlate with semantic similarity and how well they rank pages. These rules were then used to predict the values of the Salary attribute in the test data. The regular expression extractor acts in a similar way as the name extractor. Documents are segmented into sentences and all sentences from relevant documents are used as nuggets in the learning procedure. Compounding the lack of clarity in the claims themselves is an absence of a consistent and rigorous evaluation framework . This could be done by assigning weights to Semantic Associations based on the contextual relevance and then validating only those associations with a high relevance weight. Therefore  , our future work will focus on the creation of suitable test corpora and will measure different semantic techniques using manual inspection together with appropriate quality measures. Finally  , we reiterated the importance of choosing expansion terms that model relevance  , rather than the relevant documents and showed how LCE captures both syntactic and query-side semantic dependencies. Due to space limitation  , we will not enumerate these results here. Slurp|bingbot|Googlebot. During this traversal  , each nonterminal and terminal node is analyzed  , making use of parse tree annotations and other functions and lexical resources that provide " semantic " interpretations of syntactic properties and lexical information. 's simulated annealing solver. A version of the corpus is annotated with various linguistic information such as part-of-speech  , morphology  , UMLS semantic classes. The expression " computer makers such as Dell and IBM " specifies that Dell is a computer maker. This seemed to help users produce better and more successful sketches. Consider finding the corresponding decade for a given year. The intuition behind this approach is that proximity in the graph reflects mutual relevance between nodes. Section 2 introduces the adjacency structure and describes how it is used to recursively evaluate the support function. Consider  , for example  , the function  , f  , given in Figure 1. XTM includes three search functionalities to address the needs of a real-world search system: exact matching  , approximate matching  , and regular expression matching. In particular  , we are working on incorporating shallow semantic parsing of the candidate answers in order to rank them. In our research we focus on challenges that are presented by the growing use of on-line collections of digital items  , such as digitized text books  , audio books  , and video and mixed media content 1   , which require adequate browsing and search support. Two types of strategies have been proposed to handle recusive queries. A lower score implies that word wji is less surprising to the model and are better. These results are stored in a method stack along the result of old expressions lines 8 and 9  , Figure 1. Each neuron computes the Euclidean distance between the input vector x and the stored weight vector Wii. This strategy builds up sets " naively " for " interesting " arguments of the function. A sample S covers a deterministic regular expression r if it covers the automaton obtained from S using the Glushkov construction for translating regular expressions into automata 14. Standard feature selection methods tend to select the features that have the highest relevance score without exploiting the semantic relations between the features in the feature space. It may also be undesirable that randomization without the use of stored seeds in these types of methods produce different results each time the method is used. Tries to prove the current formula with automatic induction. Once the number has been identified  , it is tagged with a NUMEX tag  , and the type field of this tag is set with the appropriate name Figure 6. In order to build our recursive calculations  , we first find an expression for the joint accelerations as a function of the acceleration of the platform and the reaction efforts  , next we find an expression for the reaction efforts as a function of the acceleration of the platform and  , finally  , we find an expression of the acceleration of the platform. The keyword value  , as in domain constraint definitions  , provides a way of naming  , not the type  , bul the whole instance of the type or domain being referenced in an expression that is being evaluated it is often called self or this in programming languages. In contrast  , the definition of similarity in duplicate detection in early database research 1312 is very conservative  , which is mainly to find syntactically " almost-identical " documents. Analogously to Theorem 6.5  , we get  Finally  , note that using arguments relating the topdown method of this section with join optimization techniques in relational databases  , one may argue that the context-value table principle is also the basis of the polynomial-time bound of Theorem 7.4. The definition of an ice-region is recursive through the relation composed-of  , because any ice region may contain other ice regions.  The number of meaningful semantic path instances: We regard resources which have many meaningful semantic path instances directed to keywords as more relevant resources. In the same way that assessors disagree over relevance judgments see 6 for a nice summary  , humans also disagree about whether two pieces of text have the same semantic content. A regular expression domain can infer a structure of $0-9 ,Parsing is easy because of consistent delimiter. We consider detection of cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in PHP programs as the first application of our analyzer. The linked geo data extension is implemented in Triplify by using a configuration with regular expression URL patterns which extract the geo coordinates  , radius and optionally a property with associated value and insert this information into an SQL query for retrieving corresponding points of interest. Alternatively  , for request-oriented indexing  , where a document's retrievability is more important than the consistency of its representation  , the weights could be derived from searchers' relevance judgements. Another work aksolves this problem based on the simulated annealing to technique obtain a modified schedule by rescheduling. For example  , in both cases AEi is always negative for some move i  , until a local minima is reached and such minima are few in the complete reconfiguration of the robot from the initial to the final configuration. indicating an expression of strong feelings. the answer we are generating is still optimum  , thus  , it preserves the monotonicity. Once all chapter3 elements and figure elements are found  , those two element sets can be joined to produce all qualified chapter3-figure element pairs. The Semantic Gap problem was commented upon by the subjects of both studies. The technique proposed assumes the parameter space to be discrete and runs the randomized query optimizer for each point in the parameter space. If we enclose lower-level patterns in parentheses followed by the symbol " * "   , the pattern becomes a union-free regular expression without disjunction  , i.e. F@re 6 shows in fact a highly similar classification rum .dt  , in that the various documents are arranged within the two-dimensional output space of the self-organizing map m concordance with their mutual fictional similarity. XTract 25  , 36 generates candidate regular expressions for each element name selecting the best one using the Minimum Description Length MDL principle. Match Generation: There are two ways of doing matching: 1 Regular-expression-based matching: Generate a regular expression from the vulnerability signature automaton and then use the PHP function preg_match to check if the input matches the generated regular expression  , or 2 Automata-simulation-based matching: Generate code that  , given an input string  , simulates the vulnerability signature automaton to determine if the input string is accepted by the vulnerability signature automaton  , i.e. Otherwise  , a numerical method is necessary. Thus  , it is not sufficient to check for the presence of respective markup elements to find out if the respective markup step is complete or not. To avoid using reflection   , a method is generated for each analyser that sorts all the " visit " method calls in a switch in function of the operator ids. In the predictive display application we do not sample different objects or faces  , but closely spaced images from the same objects and scene under varying poses. The necessary probability values for sim Resnik and sim Lin have been calculated based on SAWSDL-TC  , i.e. If the content of a file is needed for character string operations such as a regular expression operation with the preg_match extension  , an FTCS object actually reads the file and stores its content in a form similar to an ordinary character string object. In our primary results  , 65 42% of the rules matched at least one URL some URLs were matched more than once for a total of 6933 rule matches. We call this way of counting words " soft-counting " because all the possible words are counted. In semantic class extraction  , Zhang et al. The second category of DCMs model target boundary as global energy minimum 10 11 and take global optimization approaches specifically simulated annealing to locate them. While dynamic techniques require execution traces and test suites  , static techniques are based solely on source code. More details and limitations of this approach appear in the related work. , 7 and 11. The confidence of a noun phrase is computed using a modified version of Eq. Candidate phrases are phrases that match a pre-defined set of regular expression patterns. This property opens the way to randomized search e.g. In this section  , we discuss to combine multi-domain relevance for tag recommendation MRR. The recursive member function was tested in P and the specifi- cation of the recursive member fumction remains unchanged. These operations Table 1b are more complicated than simple search-and-replace of a constant string by another in two ways. Notice that both measures are hard to compute over massive graphs: naive personalization would require on the fly power iteration over the entire graph for a user query; naive SimRank computation would require power iteration over all pairs of vertices. This mechanism guarantees a new pattern will be correctly assigned into corresponding clusters. For example  , for Paraphrase-Abbreviation questions for example  , " What is the abbreviation for the United Nations "   , it retrieves all articles in which the fullname United Nations appears. The major shortcoming of treating a web page as a single semantic unit is that it does not consider multiple topics in a page. There is already a very significant body of work around entailment for the Semantic Web 10  , based on description logics providing an underlying formal semantics for the various flavours of OWL. The above recursive equation hierarchically performs temporal segmentation of the time series i.e. We only require that a special markup syntax  , a marker  , is available for denoting where holes occur in the source text of a template page. Regular-Expression Matching: XTM provides the ability to search for text that matches a set of rules or patterns  , such as looking for phone numbers  , email addresses  , social-security numbers   , monetary values  , etc. Also  , the hybrid method selects fewer terms and stops before the quality deteriorates any further. Christian   , Liberal  , sometimes we had to use regular expression matching to extract the relevant information. The profile above disambiguates the cases mentioned previously aa shortcomings of function and count profiles . GEOY_CBJPART is an entity-valued function that stores the PART's shape  , and also the position and location relative to each superpart. There is a wide  , possibly infinite range of text features that can be designed to estimate the relevance of a candidate answer for the purpose of answer ranking. The inference module identifies the naming parts of the clustered join points  , forms a regular expression for each set of naming parts  , and finally outputs the pointcut expression by combining the individual expressions with the pointcut designator generated by the designator identifier. A T-Regular Expression is a regular expression over a triple pattern or an extended regular expression of the form  The current implementation of the VDL Generator has been equipped with a search strategy adopting the dynamic programming with a bottom-up approach. The guiding principle is making good use of type information available in both a query and its environment 11 in which it is evaluated. Our topic segmentation method allows to better estimate the relevance compared to the request As the temperature is slowly lowered the simplex crawls out of local minima and converges upon the global minimum. At IBM  , a variety of approaches have been considered for estimating the wallet of customers for information technology IT products  , including heuristic approaches and predictive modeling. First  , the difference of the number of modules and the number of overlapping modules of any two configurations with the same number of modules defined as overlap metric in Section 3 is considered. The z-map modeling method shown in Fig.3was introduced in the system. , entities  , types  , frames  , temporal information for IR. The # sign denotes arbitrary occurrences of any regular expressions. Generally  , these regular expressions are interpreted exactly as in other semistructured query languages  , and the usual regular expression operations +  , *  ,  ? A dynamically changed DOM state does not register itself with the browser history engine automatically  , so triggering the 'Back' function of the browser is usually insufficient . , positions where any symbol can be placed. An example is given below: The outcome is a value close to 1 if the tweet contains an high level of syntactically incorrect content. It has been applied to a variety of optimization problems. This is implemented in a recursive function called BACK  Figure 5. semantic sets measured according to structural and textual similarity. Regular expression matching is naturally computationally expensive. In our case studies  , we compare each correspondence {x  , y} in A to a correspondence {x  , y } in a reference alignment R. We use the semantic distance between y and y as a relevance measure for the correspondence {x  , y}. In addition  , it extends the lexica dynamically as it finds new taxonomic names in the documents. On this corpus  , we target at two entity types: phone and email. However  , the language model would often make mistakes that the regular expression classifier would judge correctly. Thus  , the crawler follows more links from relevant pages which are estimated by a binary classifier that uses keyword and regular expression matchings. The result of this step is a list of terms  , where each term is assigned with a single Wikipedia article that describes its meaning. All of these lechniques musl  , lo be successful  , must outperform exhaustive search optimiJalion above 10 01 15 way joins in selecting access paths while Hill being within a few percent of the optimal plan. Apart from such automatic methods to discover guards  , user assistance may be sought at this point to determine ideal guards from a shortlist. The Self-Organizing Map generated a The Arizona Noun Phraser allowed subjects to narrow and refine their searches as well as provided a list of key phrases that represented the collection. An interesting thing is that the distance metric defined by EMR we name it manifold distance is very different with traditional metrics e.g. For each of the questions  , only the top 50 documents were used. As the value nears zero  , the pictogram becomes less relevant; hence  , a cutoff point is needed to discard the less relevant pictograms. See 8  , 25 for data on accuracy and execution time of simulated annealing and tabu search. , 18  , 17 or topic model based retrieval models e.g. In fact  , he showed that every class of regular expressions that contains all non-empty finite languages and at least one infinite language is not learnable in the limit from positive data. So we can proceed from the assumption that visualizing search results taking semantic information into account has a positive effect on the efficiency when assessing search result relevance. , through memoization 42. c Potential field at low output T= 1. A high sparseness parameter leads to rules that have a few large and many small but non-zero coefficients. for sequencing have their usual meaning. One approach for automatic categorization is achieved by deriving taxonomy correspondences from given attribute values or parts thereof as specified via a regular expression pattern. In conclusion  , this paper has put forward some of the hard questions the semantic Web needs to answer  , examined some of the pitfalls that may occur if they are not addressed  , and explained the relevance of the symbol grounding problem for the kinds of semantic interoperability issues commonly encountered. , president will be an answer. Formally  , let r stand for the regular expression obtained from r by replacing the ith occurrence of alphabet symbol σ in r by σi  , for every i and σ. In the right-hand side expression of an assignment  , every identifier must either be a relation variable and have been previously assigned a relation  , or it must be a string variable and have been previously assigned a string  , or it must be an attribute that is quantified or occurs free. The coverage of a target regular expression r by a sample S is defined as the fraction of transitions in the corresponding Glushkov automaton for r that have at least one witness in S. Definition 6. The robust downhill simplex method is employed to solve this equation. In the digital age  , the value of images depends on how easily they can be located  , searched for relevance  , and retrieved. 7  , each supervisor $ E must ensure that: a $s = admissible if state s is semi-chained  , and b if $s = admissible then there exists a semi-chained state s' E Rs  , $. , + and data e.g. This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. In order to identify what function class we focus our consideration on  , we adopt the syntactic restrictions of the state-of-the-art work on structural recursion 3  , which define the common form of structurally recursive function. Recursive navigation. For instance  , a word like " morning " may score high in the category of coffee merely based on its occurrence at similar times as coffee terms. Other semantic types that fell under health  , biology and chemistry related topics were given a medium weight. A T-Regular Expression is a regular expression over a triple pattern or an extended regular expression of the form  are regular expressions; if x and y are regular expressions  , then x  y  , x ⏐ y are also regular expressions. refSch := "$ref": "# JPointer" Table 2: Grammar for JSON Schema Documents strSch := "type": "string"   , strRes  * strRes := minLength | maxLength | pattern minLength := "minLength": n maxLength := "maxLength": n pattern := "pattern": "regExp"  represent any possible JSON document and regExp to represent any regular expression. Configuration similarity simulated annealing CSSA  , based on 215  , performs random walks just like iterative improvement Figure 3Parameter tuning for GCSA but in addition to uphill  , it also accepts downhill moves with a certain probability  , trying to avoid local maxima. Compared to these methods   , ARROW mainly differentiates itself by detecting a different attack a.k.a  , drive-by download. The crucial step is the precondition computation for the statement in line 4. Analogously  , the same training procedure is utilized to train the third and any subsequent layers of sdf-organizing maps. We have extensively tested all of these in extracting links in scholarly works. We have presented the new query language XIRQL which integrates all these features  , and we have described the concepts that are necessary in order to arrive at a consistent model for XML retrieval. The method basically provides a recursive framework to construct a Lyapunov function and corresponding control action for the system stabilization. We compared the precision of QR implemented on top of three major search engines and saw that relevance can be affected by low recall for long queries; in fact  , precision decays as a function of low recall. Simulated Annealing: Guided evolutionary simulated annealing GESA 19 combines simulated annealing and simulated evolution in a novel way. Unfortunately  , there is not an easily computed metric that provides a direct correlation between syntactic and semantic changes in a Web page For instance  , there is no clear relationship between the number of bytes changed and the relevance of the change to the reader. In the Chevy Tahoe example above  , the classifier would establish that the page is about cars/automotive and only those ads will be considered. To avoid this  , in our first tests on the first two benchmarks   , we applied a simulated annealing based 10 optimization method  , which optimized the parameters of the underlying learning method. Figure 8shows two examples of the kind of regular expression that our analyses accept as input; to conserve space we have elided the JNI strings used to define calls based on signatures. In other words  , it would never be computationally possible to apply a semantic relevance check to millions of components. A candidate item is downloaded means web pages related to the suggestion are downloaded. The similarity introduced  , can be very useful to increase the knowledge about the visitor behavior in the web. A statistical approach is proposed to infer the distribution of a word's likely acquisition age automatically from authentic texts collected from the Web  , and then an effective semantic component for predicting reading difficulty of news texts is provided by combining the acquisition age distributions for all words in a document 14. , pixel addition that will eventually be expressed in terms of atomic operators e.g. We will generate candidate URL patterns by replacing one segment with a regular expression each time. Consequently the derivation starts with the translation of the associated fragment by evaluating the following function: The recursive rule rcr , ,.ure is achieved by: RULfhceurriva Closure  , e  , Ccrorurc  , immediate ,@ where Cclo ,urc is the conditions extracted from the function between " Floor-Request " and " Closure " . Only part 1 of the questionnaire was utilized  , which is composed of six semantic differentials mental demand  , physical demand  , temporal demand  , performance  , effort and frustration  , all rated between 0 and 100. In each round a random successor of the current solution is looked at. The ratio for a navigational query bestbuy is 3.3  , which is smaller than that of simulated annealing. Simulated Annealing the system has frozen. In the case of a recursive navigation   , it is mapped to an expression that consists of a function call to the built-in recursive function descendant-or-self and a projection. Specifically we utilize the so-called " supervised semantic indexing " SSI approach 9. For some applications  , the running time performance of the SSNE detector can be a crucial factor. Hence  , the key issue of the extension is how to findkreate the relevance among different databases. We will refer to a triple of such a regular expression and the source and destination nodes as a P-Expression e.g. Any regular expression is allowed; this can be simply a comma or slash for a split pattern or more complex expressions for a match pattern. In 4 and 5  , Pamecha and Chirikjian examine the theoretic bounds of reconfiguration on such a system  , including the upper and lower bounds on the minimum number of moves required for reconfiguration. How can we generate efficient code for a query like the one shown in Figure 1  , in view of the user-defined recursive function it involves. The goal would be to efficiently obtain a measure of the semantic distance between two versions of a document. We utilize regular expression matching for both sources of URLs. We observe that even when there is no change in the entropy  , there is still an amount of information responsible for any variance in the probability distribution. We start with the metafeatures shared by all models of this class and then take a closer look at the Deep Structured Semantic Model 20. Programmers can now incorporate the " loop " predicate in the assertions to check for the possibility or inevitability of infinite loops. The work in the reported paper is related to several fields ranging from VoID data generation 5 ,4  , semantic indexing 18  , graph importance measures 20 ,12  , and topic relevance assessment 8 ,9 address similar problems. In this contribution we present the " Parameterized Self- Organizing Map " PSOM approach  , which is particularly useful in situation where a high-dimensional  , continuous mapping is desired. The unweighted veriosn of cluster recall RU is defined as the percentage of distinct semantic clusters that are represented in the generated timeline out of the judged semantic clusters. As FData and RData have different feature patterns  , the combination of both result in better performance. We introduce a typical use case in which an intelligent traffic management system must support coordinated access to a knowledge base for a large number of agents. We then illustrate how this metric is applied to the motion planning/selfreconfiguration of metamorphic robotic systems. A look at the Java-code indicates that Trang is related to but different from crx: it uses 2T-INF to construct an automaton  , eliminates cycles by merging all nodes in the same strongly connected component   , and then transforms the obtained DAG into a regular expression. Since the W matrix has only four independent parameters  , four point matches in t ,he whole set of three image frames are minimally sufficient to solve for W matrix using equation 23. For domains with wildcards  , the associated virtual host must use a regular expression that reflects all possible names. First  , introduce a recursive function definition for exponentiation: function EXP X  , Y: INT = pre INT'GE Y  , 0 measure ORDINAL'VAL Y begin if Y = 0 then 1 else TIMES X  , EXP X  , HIBUS Y  , I end if end EXP; Our Foursquare dataset consisted of all checkins from 2011 and 2012 except December 2012 aggregated in 20 minutes bins by category and urban area. Simulated annealing2 is a stochastic optimization technique that enables one to find 'low cost' configuration without getting trapped by the 'high cost' local minima. The specification /abc|xyz/ is a regular expression representing the set of strings {abc  , xyz}. Specifically  , a sentence consisting of a mentioned location set and a term set is rated in terms of the geographic relevance to location and the semantic relevance to tag   , as   , where Then  , given a representative tag   , we generate its corresponding snippets by ranking all the sentences in the travelogue collection according to the query " " .