For dynamic programming  , we extended ideas presented by entries in the 2001 ICFP programming competition to a real-world markup language and dealt with all the pitfalls of this more complicated language. We consider MV-DNN as a general Deep learning approach in the multi-view learning setup. Ranking is the central part of many applications including document retrieval  , recommender systems  , advertising and so on. It combines a global combinatorial optimization in the position space with a local dynamic optimization to yield the global optimal path. The Ad Hoc task provides a useful opportunity for us to get new people familiar with the tools that we will be using in the CLIR track|this year we submitted a single oocial Ad Hoc run using Inquery 3.1p1 with the default settings. The BSBM SPARQL queries are designed in such a way that they contain different types of queries and operators  , including SELECT/CONTRUCT/DESCRIBE  , OPTIONAL  , UNION. To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. As can be seen from these two tables  , our LRSRI approach outperforms other imputation methods  , especially for the case that both drive factors and effort labels are incomplete. This model is then converted into a vector representation as mentioned above. XSEarch returns semantically related fragments  , ranked by estimated relevance. Obviously  , this does require the imputation to be as accurate as possible. Then  , the following relation exists between , SH and AGH  , we randomly sample 3000 data points as the training set; for the point-wise supervised method SSH  , we additionally sample 1000 data points with their concept labels; for the list-wise supervised methods i.e. In the information retrieval domain  , the systems are based on three basic models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model. The effect of such a dimension reduction in keyword-baaed document mpmmmtation and aubeequent self-organizing map training with the compreaaed input patterns is described in 32 . The transfer function matrix Gi is expressed as follows; Despite this partial exploitation of the potential of the CS in providing virtual views of the DL  , its introduction has brought a number of other important advantages to the CYCLADES users. 21 used dynamic programming for hierarchical topic segmentation of websites. After word segmentation we get a sequence of meaningful words from each text query. The same correlation using the features described in 19  was only 0.138. We choose questions from two standard Q&A questions and answers test sets  , namely  , QALD and WebQuestions as query contexts and ask a group of users to construct queries complying with these questions and check the results with the answers in the test sets. The data generator is able to generate datasets with different sizes containing entities normally involved in the domain e.g. Thus the robots would need to explicitly coordinate which policies they &e to evaluate  , and find a way to re-do evaluations that are interrupted by battery changes. In all experiments on the four benchmark collections  , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. the white LED used in the lamp were manually soldered to the composite prior to folding. The CYCLADES system users do not know anything about the provenance of the underlying content. Section 3 describes human and robot emotion. , projection  , duplicate elimination that have no influence on the emptiness of the query output. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios   , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought 5. The use of interdependence theory is a crucial difference between this work and previous investigations by other researchers using game theory to control the social behavior of an agent. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. Training a single tree involves selecting √ m random intervals  , generating the mean  , standard deviation  , and slope of the random intervals for every series. For evaluation purposes  , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. To evaluate our proposal  , we implemented two use cases that allowed us to produce a large quantity of product model data from BMEcat catalogs. Finally  , Section 5 describes our future plans. 4.3 on a training data set. The concept of trust towards a robot  , however  , even when simplified in an economic game seems to be much more complex. for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. We explain this by the fact that other factors  , such as clicks on previous documents  , are also memorized by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . In this paper  , we propose CyCLaDEs an approach that allows to build a behavioral decentralized cache hosted by LDF clients. For example  , our Space Physics application 14 requires the FFT Fast Fourier Transform to be applied on large vector windows and we use OS-Split and OS- Join to implement an FFT-specific stream partitioning strategy. We use a variation of these models 28  to learn word vector representation word embeddings that we track across time. The trace files were stored on a 7200 RPM SCSI disk whose data transfer rate far exceeded the update performance of the indexing methods  , guaranteeing that the testbed was Update cost  , index size  , and other metrics measured by the LOCUS testbed were collected at an interval of 2500 updates. To maximize with respect to each variational parameter  , we take derivatives with respect to it and set it to zero. As mentioned earlier  , since these URLs  , e.g.  KLSH-Weight: We evaluate the mAP performance of all kernels on the training set  , calculate the weight of each kernel w.r.t. To introduce our general concept of feature-model compositionality   , we assume that two feature models Mx and My are composed to M x /y = Mx M C My . To explain user browsing behavior at lower positions  , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D considers other factors to be more important. Simplicity is a fundamental requirement in the design of solutions for this type of problems  , where users most likely have limited knowledge on how to protect their privacy through more sophisticated approaches. This in contrast with the probabilistic model of information retrieval . 2014. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski  , Oula Heikkinen  , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. In the second experiment  , the robot moved along a corridor environment about 60 meters while capturing images under varying illumination conditions  , as shown in Fig. A summary of the results is reported in Table 1. One method  , the VP-tree 36  , partitions the data space into spherical cuts by selecting random reference points from the data. With this approach  , the weights of the edges are directly multiplied into the gradients when the edges are sampled for model updating. Table 4presents our experimental results  , as well as the four best methods according to their experiments   , i.e. , s2. Dynamic programming is also a widely used method to approximately solve NP-hard problems 1.  , However  , RaPiD7 is not focusing on certain artifacts or phases of software development  , and actually does not state which kind of documents or artifacts could be produced using the method  , but leaves this to the practitioner of the method. However   , there are two difficulties in calculating stochastic gradient descents. Annotations made in the reader are automatically stored in the same Up- Lib repository that stores the image and text projections. pLSA has shown promise in ad hoc information retrieval  , where it can be used as a semantic smoothing technique. Inspired by Stochastic Gradient Descent updating rules  , we use the gradient of the loss to estimate the model change. It is the star of the matrix A in this expression which makes the calculation of h difficult. The variant Bi-LSTM 4 is proposed to utilize both previous and future words by two separate RNNs  , propagating forward and backward  , and generating two independent hidden state vectors − → ht and ← − ht  , respectively. Using the training blog entries  , we train an S-PLSA model. We tested our conversion using BMEcat files from two manufacturers  , one in the domain of high-tech electronic components Weidmüller Interface GmbH und Co. KG 9   , the other one a supplier of white goods BSH Bosch und Siemens Hausgeräte GmbH 10 . For a given resource  , we use this generator to decide the number of owl:sameAs statements that link this resource with other randomly chosen resources. 4shows the beating heart motion along z axis with its interpolation function and the frequency spectrum calculated from off-line fast fourier transform. Extensive experiments on our datasets demonstrated that our TDCM model can accurately explain the user behavior in QAC. For each node  , add the costs computed by the two dijkstra searches. A large number of languages  , including Arabic  , Russian  , and most of the South and South East Asian languages  , are written using indigenous scripts. This is not CLIR  , but is used as a reference point with which CLIR performance is compared. After a certain period  , a generated realization of MCMC sample can be treated as a dependent sample from the posterior distribution. The agent builds the Q-learning model by alternating exploration and exploitation activities. Variational EM alternates between updating the expectations of the variational distribution q and maximizing the probability of the parameters given the " observed " expected counts. The solution presented in this paper addresses these concerns. Hence  , LI Binary LIB can be computed by: This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. The uncertainty is estimated for localization using a local map by fitting a normal distribution to the likelihood function generated. ? We will now introduce an example and concretize the mapping strategy. The autoencoder tries to minimize Eq. Hence  , it helped improve precision-oriented effectiveness. An efficient alternative that we use is hierarchical soft-max 18  , which reduces the time complexity to O R logW  + bM logM  in our case  , where R is the total number of words in the document sequence. When tuples are deleted from a view or a relation  , the effect must be propagated to all " higher-level " views defined on the view/relation undergoing the deletion. Several concepts  , such as " summer "   , " playground " and " teenager "   , may occur simultaneously in an image or scene. are in fact simple examples demonstrating the use of the system-under-test. The p − value expresses the probability of obtaining the computed correlation coefficient value by chance. 2 by gradient descent. Experiments on three real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our model. 6.1 for details on the configuration of each tested model. 1a  , the autoencoder is trained with native form and its transliterated form together. We consider various combinations of text and link similarity and discuss how these correlate with semantic similarity and how well they rank pages. In this section  , we compare DIR to the informationtheoretic measures traditionally used to evaluate rule interestingness see table 1for formulas:  the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , which measures the deviation from equilibrium;  the mutual information 12  , the Theil uncertainty 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12  , which measure the deviation from independence. Furthermore  , we will evaluate the performance and expressiveness of our approach with the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM. There can also be something specific to the examples added that adds confusion . During the ARA* search  , the costs for applying a motion primitive correspond to the length of the trajectory and additionally depend on the proximity to obstacles. Most robotics related applications of game theory have focused on game theory's traditional strategy specific solution concepts 5. SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. Applying MLE to graph model fitting  , however  , is very difficult. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR remains a difficult task. All interested merchants have then the possibility of electronically publishing and consuming this authoritative manufacturer data to enhance their product offerings relying on widely adopted product strong identifiers such as EAN  , GTIN  , or MPN. We utilize word vectors trained on large corpus to rephrase the sentence automatically. To avoid simply learning the identity function  , we can require that the number of hidden nodes be less than the number of input nodes  , or we can use a special regularization term. When DC thrashing occurs  , more and more transactions become blocked so that the response time of transactions increases beyond acceptable values and essentially approaches infinity. Figure 10shows that the search quality is not so sensitive to different K values. The dynamic programming is performed off-line and the results are used by the realtime controllers. WD " denotes the weitht decay term used to constrain the magnitude of the weights connecting each layer. In QALD-3 20  , SQUALL2SPARQL 21 achieved the highest precision in the QA track. We follow recent successes with word embedding similarity and use in this work: The closer the function's value is to 1 the more similar the two terms are. Next we give details of how deep learning techniques such as convolution and stacking can be used to obtain hierarchical representations of the different modalities. Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method  , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. Game theory researchers have extensively studied the representations and strategies used in games 3. The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with two-point contact. ueu The proposed probabilistic models of passage-based retrieval are trained in a discriminative manner . 1 is to assure that each word w  , regardless of its actual language  , obtains word collocates from both vocabularies. Such effectiveness is consistent across different translation approaches as well as benchmarks. 243–318 for an introduction. 2 is the regularization term and λ is the weight decay parameter. In here  , we further developed and used a fully probabilistic retrieval model. Summing over query sessions  , the resulting approximate log-likelihood function is Recently this approach has resulted in tremendous advances in the quality of play in information imperfect games such as poker 6. The impulse was effected by tapping on the finger with a light and stiff object. Thus make it even tougher for DBSCAN to detect density region. The velocity sensor is composed of two separate components: a sensing layer containing the loop of copper in which voltage is induced and a support layer that wraps around the sensing layer after folding to restrict the sensor's movement to one degree of freedom. The obtained transfer function matrix is given by: Locality sensitive hashing LSH  , introduced by Indyk and Motwani  , is the best-known indexing method for ANN search. According to the theory of general fixedpoint equations in complete dioids  , we have y = ca%u  , where h = ca% is the transfer function matrix of the system. Coefficients greater than ±0.5 with statistical significant level < 0.05 are marked with a * . They are not included in the application profile  , awaiting approval by DCMI of a mechanism to express these. " The z-map modeling method shown in Fig.3was introduced in the system. Behavior cache reduces calls to an LDF server  , especially  , when the server hosts multiple datasets  , the HTTP cache could handle frequent queries on a dataset but cannot absorb all calls. Following the method described by Sagi and Gal 32  , correlation of matrix level predictors is measured using the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient Pearsons's r . It is shown in figure 4. Query optimization in general is still a big problem. Its cost function minimizes the number of reversals. In the BSH catalog for example  , some fields that require floating point values contain non-numeric values like " / "   , " 0.75/2.2 "   , " 3*16 "   , or " 34 x 28 x 33.5 "   , which originates from improper values in the BMEcat. As of today  , these two approaches i.e. Shannon Entropy is shown on the left  , min-Entropy in the middle and Rényi Entropy on the right. These services organize procedures into a subsystem hierarchy  , by hierarchical agglomerative cluster- ing. In recent years  , more sophisticated features and models are used. Users were asked in the post-task questionnaire which summary made the users want to know more about the underlying document . Most attempts to layer a static type system atop a dynamic language 3  , 19  , 34 support only a subset of the language  , excluding many dynamic features and compromising the programming model and/or the type-checking guarantee. The exception to this trend is Mammography   , which reports zero correlation categorically  , as within each test either all or none of the features fail the KS test except for some MCAR trials for which failure occurred totally at random. This results in the following regularized hinge-loss objective: In the sequel all derived relations are assumed to be materialized  , unless stated otherwise. This evolution will be characterized by a trajectory on a two-dimensional Self-Organizing Map. Dijkstra's point was important then and no less significant now.   , n |Q|−|X obs | } indicating on which dimensions the data elements are lost; 2. imputing the assigned dimensions according to the imputation strategy ϕ. . A set of completing  , typing information is added  , so that the number of tags becomes higher. Using MATLAB  , a fast Fourier transform FFT was performed. Figure 4 shows the relative English-French CLIR effectiveness as compared to the monolingual French baseline. Typically  , HRI research explores the mechanisms for interaction  , such as gaze following  , smooth pursuit  , face detection  , and affect characterization 8. BSBM SQL 5 is a join of four tables product  , product   , productfeatureproduct  , and productfeatureproduct . In above  , K fuzzy evidence structures are used for illustration . We have developed and analyzed two schemes to compute the probing sequence: step-wise probing and query-directed probing. He used residual functions for fitting projected model and features in the image. By contrast  , the control information for the self-folding sheet described here is encoded in the design itself. DBSCAN expands a cluster C as follows. The two functions will be used to evaluate both our GPbased approach and the baseline method in our experiments. This has the effect of reducing both false positives  , i. e. useless documents that fail to fulfill the user's needs  , and false negatives  , i. e. useful documents that the system fails to deliver  , from the retrieved set. We assume that words in C t are generated either from a model θU which represents users' collective topical interest or from a general background model θB. Semantic errors were reported to developers who quickly confirmed their relevance and took actions to correct them. We are currently investigating techniques to identify these effectively tagged blog posts and hope to incorporate it into future versions of TagAssist. In this way  , one could estimate a general user vocabulary model  , that describes the searcher's active and passive language use in more than just term frequencies. Stopping criterion. WEAVER was used to induce a bilingual lexicon for our approach to CLIR. Entropy is being popularly applied as a measurement in many fields of science including biology  , mechanics  , economics  , etc. It does have an analogy to the generalized likelihood ratio test Z  when the error function is the log-likelihood function. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. Multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies   , however  , are an underrepresented class of CLIR resources. The obvious similarity with RaPiD7 is the idea of having well structured meetings in RaPiD7 called workshops in order to work out system details. 12bottom. In Section 2 we define our basic concepts and our model of program execution and testing. Further more  , we also compared the five variants of WNBs each other. Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. s k   , any subsegmentation si . Third  , we develop a clickrate prediction function to leverage the complementary relative strengths of various signals  , by employing a state-of-the-art predictive modeling method  , MART 15  , 16  , 40. There is a significant correlation 0.55 between the number of judged and number of found relevant documents  , which is not unexpected. In this paper  , we have introduced a novel pooling method R 2 FP  , together with its local and global versions  , for extracting features from feature maps learned through a sparse autoencoder. 33 propose an evolutionary timeline summarization strategy based on dynamic programming. While the BSBM benchmark is considered as a standard way of evaluating RDB2RDF approaches  , given the fact that it is very comprehensive  , we were also interested in analysing real-world queries from projects that we had access to  , and where there were issues with respect to the performance of the SPARQL to SQL query rewriting approach. A random forest has many nice characteristics that make it promising for the problem of name disambiguation. One can design a positioning compensator to develop a tracklng system such that the closed-loop system IS always robust to the bounded uncertalnties In the open loop dynamlcs of the robot. We feel that in many applications a superior baseline can be developed. Section 2 offers a brief introduction to the theory of support vector classification. We perform experiments on a publicly available multilingual multi-view text categorization corpus extracted from the Reuters RCV1/RCV2 corpus 1 . As shown  , topic-based metrics have correlation with the number of bugs at different levels. The game theory based research lays the foundation for online reputation systems research and provides interesting insights into the complex behavioral dynamics. As a result  , large SPARQL queries often execute with a suboptimal plan  , to much performance detriment. For query optimization  , we show how the DataGuide can be used as a parh index. This is quite opposite to what has been chosen in the minimisation for the DLS law in Eq.5 and hence the necessity for λ. The proportion of customers missing data for the number of port is large 44% and the customer population where data are missing may be different  , making conventional statistical treatment of missing data e.g. Solid lines show the performance of the CNNbased model. The value that results in the best performance is shown in the graphs for DBSCAN. The robot motion can be obtained by a motion planning method based on a deformation model of the cloth  , as described in Section IV. Moreover  , the self-organidng map was used in 29 for text claeaiflcation. The following table lists all combinations of metric and distance-combining function and indicates whether a precomputational scheme is available ++  , or  , alternatively   , whether early abort of distance combination is expected to yield significant cost reduction +: distance-combining func But IO-costs dominate with such queries  , and the effect of the optimization is limited. The multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 and reduces that of the entropy-based approach by a factor of 5 to 8. One of the most successful realizations of LFM  , which combines good scalability with predictive accuracy  , is based on low-rank MF e.g. Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. Meanwhile   , other machine learning methods can also reach the accuracy more than 0.83. We compare our new method to previously proposed LSH methods – a detailed comparison with other indexing techniques is outside the scope of this work. We introduce the recent work on applications of deep learning to IR tasks. Furthermore  , at the end of the indexing the individual fingerprint trees can be collected with sorting and merging operations  , as the longest possible path in each fingerprint tree is due to Lemma 2 the labels are strictly increasing but cannot grow over . The Pearson score is defined as follows: In particular  , we quantify behavioral agreement using the Pearson correlation score between the ratings of two users  , and we compare this between users with positive and negative links. However  , our approach is unique in several senses. they are defined as instances rdf:type of classes derived from the catalog group hierarchy. Note that although the current version of NL-Graphs has been tested with DBpedia  , it can be easily configured to query other datasets. Within the model selection  , each operation of reduction of topic terms results in a different model. The smaller bidden &er is fiwthcr used to represent the input patterns. In the Semantic Web  , many systems translate English questions to SPARQL queries see 13 for a survey  , and the QALD 8 challenge is devoted to that task. In dictionary-based CLIR queries are translated into the language of documents through electronic dictionaries. What are the factors that influence whether --and which term --will emerge as the convention to represent a given topic ? Then we do breadth first search from the virtual node. In the previous section we have given exact expressions for the value of the dynamic programming problem and the optimal bidding strategy that should be followed under this dynamic programming problem. Invitation Figure 1  , Steps of RaPiD7 1 Preparation step is performed for each of the workshops  , and the idea is to find out the necessary information to be used as input in the workshops. Therefore  , the quality in use in different usage contexts is very important for the spreading of these knowledge bases. From the above results  , we conclude that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D learns the concept " current document rank " although we do not explicitly provide this concept in the document representation. In this section  , we elaborate on a complementary example that uses structured data on the Web of Data. On the other hand  , the deep learning-based approaches show stronger generalization abilities. Moreover  , game theory has been described as " a bag of analytical tools " to aid one's understanding of strategic interaction 6. Figure 3 gives the variance proportions for the sampled accounts . 23 took advantage of learning deep belief nets to classify facial action units in realistic face images. All the resulting queries together with their query plans are also available at http://bit.ly/15XSdDM. We regularize the features to be smaller than 1 by dividing the sum of all the selected features. ADEPT supports the creation of personalized digital libraries of geospatial information  " learning spaces "  but owns its resources unlike in G-Portal where the development of the collection depends mainly on users' contributions as well as on the discovery and acquisition of external resources such as geography-related Web sites. We provide a probabilistic model for image retrieval problem. The ζµi; yi is the log-likelihood function for the model being estimated. Hypothesis 1 -Tweeters with higher diversity have higher brokerage opportunities. Since the bed model was representable  , this indicates a failure in the MCMC estimator. The first  , an optimistic heuristic  , assumes that all possible matches in the sequences are made regardless of their order in the sequence. BMEcat is a powerful XML standard for the exchange of electronic product catalogs between suppliers and purchasing companies in B2B settings. The experts were not involved in the development of any of the two tools and were not aware of which tool produces which verbalization. We use word embeddings of size 50 — same as for the previous task. However  , denoising autoencoders avoid these approaches by randomly corrupting the input x prior to training. In this paper we report results of an experimental investigation into English-Japanese CLIR. Shannon proposed to measure the amount of uncertainty or entropy in a distribution. The type of the tax is set to TurnoverTax  , since all taxes in BMEcat are by definition turnover taxes. There are two possibilities to model them in BMEcat  , though. , the point-of-interest POI indicates the geo-location and activity category  , while the timestamp reveals the chronological order. Deep learning with bottom-up transfer DL+BT: A deep learning approach with five-layer CAES and one fully connected layer. We present the maximum MRR achieved by the approaches in each domain in Table 1we observe it occurs when training on all labelled data sources apart from the test source. In particular  , a latent random variable x is associated with each word  , acts as a switch to determine whether the word is generated from the distribution of background model  , breaking news  , posts from social friends or user's intrinsic interest. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. Information theory borrowed the concept of entropy from the t h e o r y o f s t a t i s t i c a l thermodynamics where Boltzmann's theory s t a t e s t h a t t h e entropy of a gas changing states isothermally at temperature T i s given by: Specifically  , Let X be a |W | × C matrix such that x w ,c is the number of times term w appears in messages generated by node c. Towards understanding how unevenly each term is distributed among nodes  , let G be a vector of |W | weights where g w is equal to 1 plus term w's Shannon information entropy 1. We are reaching the point where we are willing to tie ourselves down by declaring in advance our variable types  , weakest preconditions  , and the like. The performance of Human Interest Model and Soft Pattern Bigram Model for each entity type can be seen in Figure 2 . We used the following parameters: BSBM 10M  , 10 LDF clients  , and RP S view = 4 and CON view = 9. The Pearson correlation between the actual average precision to the predicted average precision using JSD distances was 0.362. On the other hand  , LSTM-based methods LSTM-only and LSTM-DSSM failed to outperform  the DSSM model  , which indicates that ignoring the longterm user interests may not lead to optimal performance. Except for the LSH and KLSH method which do not need training samples  , for the unsupervised methods i.e. Otherwise  , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. We apply generic Viterbi search techniques to efficiently find a near-optimal summary 7. The RPS view size and CON view size are fixed to 4 ,9 for 10 clients  , 6 ,15 for 50 clients  , and 7 ,20 for 100 clients. These optional features can then be composed to yield a great variety of customized types for use in applications. We chose probabilistic structured queries PSQ as our CLIR baseline because among vector space techniques for CLIR it presently yields the best retrieval effectiveness. More concretely  , to automatically construct the lexical paraphrase matrix we follow a simple three-step procedure: Learn Word Embeddings: Learn a set of word embedding vectors using Word2vec 9  on a background corpus containing the same type of documents that are to be expanded. We have proposed the aspect model latent variable method for cold-start recommending. However  , the multi-query optimization technique can provide maximized capabilities of data sharing across queries once multiple queries are optimized as a batch. These outliers were removed using DBSCAN to identify low density noise. Links are labeled with sets of keywords shared by related documents. RaPiD7 has been developed and used in Nokia  , which can be referred to as being a large telecommunications company. With PLSA  , although we can still see that lots of vertices in the same community are located closely  , there aren't clear boundaries between communities. An effective thesaurus-based technique must deal with the problem of word polysemy or ambiguity  , which is particularly serious for Arabic retrieval. RQ2 Does the LSTM configuration have better learning abilities than the RNN configuration ? First  , we discussed the overall architecture for learning of complex motions by real robotic systems. In this section  , we first theoretically prove the convergence of IMRank. The general interest model for user 814 is shown as a word cloud and a table in The converter has built-in check steps that detect common irregularities in the BMEcat data  , such as wrong unit codes or invalid feature values. This gives the opportunity of performing an individual  , " customized " optimization for both streams. In practice  , forward selection procedures can be seen as a breadth-first search. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: S! " One limitation of regular LSH is that they require explicit vector representation of data points. For example  , recent work has shown that there are deep connections between modularity in design and the value of real options--capital analogs of financial options. The majority of queries are natural language questions that are focused on finding one particular entity or several entities as exact answers to these questions. Another approach to extensible query optimization using the rules of a grammar to construct query plans is described in Lo88. White et al. This labeling and model fitting is performed off-line and only once for each sensor. The results are listed in Table 4and 5  , together with the results for the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method without using any weighting scheme. With our approach  , a single tool can nicely bring the wealth of data from established B2B environments to the Web of Data. Figure 5shows the Entropy values for the actual data and models. Well known works by Dijkstra DIJK72  , Wirth WIRT 71  , Gries GRIE 73 and others have assessed the usefulness of deriving a program in a hierarchical way. This measure should therefore be used in the end-user applications  , as the users can typically consult only a limited number of top-ranked suggestions. , to reduce the probability of deadlock and sometimes even sacrifice data consistency to avoid performance problems. It is applicable to a variety of static and dynamic cost functions   , such as distance and motion time. Our experiments on numeric data show that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test achieves the highest label prediction accuracy of the various statistical hypothesis tests. At the beginning of learning control of each situation   , CMAC memory is refreshed. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. Another objective of this research is to discover whether reducing the imbalance in the training data would improve the predictive performance for the 8 modeling methods we have evaluated. The task consists of transforming the price-relevant information of a BMEcat catalog to xCBL. When optimizing the model the most likely path through the second level model is sought by the Viterbi approxima- tion 24 . An important advantage of the statistical modeling approach is the ability to analyze the predictive value of features that are being considered for inclusion in the ranking scheme. With the explosion of on-line non-English documents  , crosslanguage information retrieval CLIR systems have become increasingly important in recent years. Rather than over fitting to the limited number of examples  , users might be fitting a more general but less accurate model. Most surprisingly  , the RDFa data that dominates WebDataCommons and even DBpedia is more than 90% regular. This ensures that the child keeps being challenged which is an important factor in both intelligent tutoring systems 17 and game theory 6. In techniques based on program texts  , or information derived from program texts such aa flowgraphs  , the degree of folding will generally be determined by the class of model. The control voltages of controllers for the motor and the PZT actuators are sent to the servo amplifier and the ACX amplifier  , respectively  , through a PCL-727 D/A card. Operating in the log-likelihood domain allows us to fit the peak with a second-order polynomial. Since IMRank adjusts all nodes in decreasing order of their current ranking-based influence spread Mrv  , the values of Mr Out of the original 50 queries  , 43 have results from DBpedia. Additionally  , we will assess the impact of full-text components over regular LD components for QA  , partake in the creation of larger benchmarks we are working on QALD-5 and aim towards multilingual  , schema-agnostic queries. However  , when high spatial autocorrelation occurs  , traditional metrics of correlation such as Pearson require independent observations and cannot thus be directly applied. It is suspected that the trust exhibited in this game was partly related on how people perceive the robot from a game theory perspective  , in which the 'smart' thing to do is to send higher amounts of money in order to maximize profit. In this paper  , we presented CyCLaDEs  , a behavioral decentralized cache for LDF clients. The elements are encoded using only two word types: the tokens spanning the phrase to be predicted are encoded with 1s and all the others with 0s. Section 2 describes related work. Then we use: The same optimization except for the absorption of new would yield a structuring scheme which creates objects only for lm aliases. To verify whether the RNN model itself can achieve good performance for evaluation   , we also trained an LSTM-only model that uses only recent user embedding. As our model fitting procedure is greedy  , it can get trapped into local maxima. Experiments showed that methods with the LIB quantity were more effective in terms of within-cluster accuracy e.g. This work attempts to combine these approaches thus exploiting both the strong economical background used by game theory to model the relations that define competitive actions  , as well as sophisticated data mining models to extract knowledge from the data companies accumulate. To combat the above problem  , we propose a generalized LFA strategy that trades a slight increase in running time for better accuracy in estimating Mr  , and therefore improves the performance of IMRank on influence spread. As an example  , stochastic uncertainty in sensing and control can be introduced 7  , 111. Thus we need only to compute 6 twice per MCMC iteration . One such study is Tschang's qualitative investigation of 65 game development project postmortems  , finding significant differences between game development and other creative industries 15. These 690 requests were targeting 30 of our 541 monitored shells  , showing that not all homephoning shells will eventually be accessed by attackers. The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. The lower perplexity the higher topic modeling accuracy. In this representation   , even though  , the GA might come up with two fit individuals with two competing conventions  , the genetic operators such aa crossover  , will not yield fitter individuals. Next  , we discuss the quality of our approach in terms of fitting accuracy. This model shows that documents should be ranked according to the score These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. Thus the approximated objective function is: To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. If just looking at the values of AUC  , WNB-G-HC has higher values of AUC than WNB-HC in 7 datasets. Stories are represented as a thumbnail image along with a score thermometer  , a relevance bar to the left of each thumbnail  , with stories listed in relevance order. We describe here a technique to approximate the matcher by a DNF expression. Therefore  , one can stop IMRank safely in practice by checking the change of top-k nodes between two successive iterations. This pattern is revealed tnost strongly by the mattix of retrieval weights  , which in all cases correctly relate documents to requests in agreement with our relevance assumptions. Our work on HAWK however also revealed several open research questions  , of which the most important lies in finding the correct ranking approach to map a predicate-argument tree to a possible interpretation. Here  , we focus on locality sensitive hashing techniques that are most relevant to our work. The Collection Service described here has been experimented so far in two DL systems funded by the V Framework Programme  , CYCLADES IST-2000-25456 and SCHOLNET IST-1999-20664  , but it is quite general and can be applied to many other component-based DL architectural frameworks. Therefore  , the key issue seems to be getting the teams to try out RaPiD7 long enough to see the benefits realizing. We have submitted 6 ranking-based runs. einstein relativ-ity theory "   , " tango music composers "   , " prima ballerina bolshoi theatre 1960 " ;  QALD-2: the Question Answering over Linked Data query set contains natural language questions of 4 different types: e.g. The autoencoder was found to be computationally infeasible when applied to the described datasets and therefore its retrieval performance is not presented. With L = W   , we can have: Simple Semantic Association queries between two entities result in hundreds of results and understanding the relevance of these associations requires comparable intellectual effort to understanding the relevance of a document in response to keyword queries. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. to represent a navigation structure in a Web shop. The RBMs are stacked on top of each other to constitute a deep architecture. QALD-2 has the largest number of queries with no performance differences  , since both FSDM and SDM fail to find any relevant results for 28 out of 140 queries from this fairly difficult query set. Berberich et al. There is a generator of random changes which is a procedure that takes a random step from λ to λ + Δλ. The resulting good performance of CLIR corresponds to the high quality of the suggested queries. , are provided by the Access Service itself. All these ways to calculate the similarity or correlation between users are based solely on the ratings of the users. In this paper  , we presented TL-PLSA  , a new approach to transfer learning  , based on PLSA. To evaluate TagAssist  , we used data provided to use by Technorati  , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. In the future  , we plan to extend our work to the more open setup  , similar to the QALD hybrid task  , where questions no longer have to be answered exclusively from the KB. These two different interpretations of probability of relevance lead to two different probabilistic models for document retrieval. Thus solving the graph search problem in In general  , OBIE systems use ontologies to model domain knowledge for a special area of interest. Often  , the structure of the game is preprogrammed and a game theory based controller is used to select the agent's actions. The parameter vector of each ranking system is learned automatically . Also shown is the line of best least-squares fit. Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q outperforms NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood by a small but statistically significant margin p < 0.001. While videogames represent an important part of our cultural and economic landscape  , deep theory development in the field of Game Studies  , particularly theory related to creativity  , is lacking. Assuming an industrial setting  , long-term attention models that include the searcher's general interest in addition to the current session context can be expected to become powerful tools for a wide number of inference tasks. In the language modeling framework  , documents are modeled as the multinomial distributions capturing the word frequency occurrence within the documents. Parallel texts have been used in several studies on CLIR 2  , 6  , 19. The fitting constraint keeps the model parameters fit to the training data whereas the regularizers avoid overfitting  , making the model generalize better 7. As in applying II to conventional query optimization  , an interesting question that arises in parametric query optimization is how to determine the running time of a query optimizer for real applications . Initialization. We executed ten runs of each LUBM query and in the diagrams report both the average and geometric mean over the fastest runs. The Moby simulation library uses the introduced approach to simulate resting contact for Newton  , Mirtich  , Anitescu- Potra  , and convex optimization based impact models among others. The procedure for encoding and decoding is explained in the following section. For comparison  , Breese reported a computing time to generate ratings for one user using Pearson correlation of about 300ms on a PII- 266 MHz machine. Moreover  , a fixed point for each motion primitive By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. Another benchmark dataset – WebQuestions – was introduced by Berant et al. We use the log-likelihood LL and the Kolmogorov-Smirnov distance KS-distance 8 to evaluate the goodness-of-fit of and . Table 4summarizes recall and scan rate for both method. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. The topic pattern First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. A more difficult bias usually causes a greater proportion of features to fail KS. Like Q-learning. Based on Word2Vec 6  , Doc2Vec produces a word embedding vector  , given a sentence or document. This can be calculated in JavaScript. The general interest model captures the user's interests in terms of categories e.g. The product identifier can be mapped in two different ways  , at product level or at product details level  , whereby the second takes precedence over the other. {10} {1 ,2 ,7 ,10}{1 ,2 ,3 ,7 ,8 ,10} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,7 ,8 ,92 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Description ,Library {9} {4 ,6 ,9} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Even if the indexing phase is correct  , certain documents may not have been indexed under all the conditions that could apply to them. Viterbi recognizer search. Since the W matrix has only four independent parameters  , four point matches in t ,he whole set of three image frames are minimally sufficient to solve for W matrix using equation 23. To quantify the correlation with established query level metrics  , we computed the Pearson correlation coefficient between DSAT correlation and: i average clickthrough rate  , ii average NDCG@1  , and iii average NDCG@3. In our case  , the size of the encN is 256. Since previously learned RRT's are kept for fkture uses  , the data structure becomes a forest consisting of multiple RRTs. In this paper  , we presented Tweet2Vec  , a novel method for generating general-purpose vector representation of tweets  , using a character-level CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder architecture . Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. Once these enhancements are in place  , i.e. For instance  , if the user stems from London  , reads " The Times " and is a passionate folk-dancer  , this might make the alternative segmentation times " square dance " preferable. The results are available in tab. The folding problems  , especially protein folding  , have a few notable differences from usual PRM applications. In each case  , we formed title+description queries in the same manner as for the automatic monolingual run. Our previous work on creating self-folding devices controlling its actuators with an internal control system is described in 3. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed control method for the exoskeleton  , upper-lib motion assist bower assist experiment has be& carried out with tbree healthy human subjects Subject A and B are 22 years old males  , Subject C is 23 years old male. First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. lib " represents the library from which the manuscript contained in the image originates and can be one of eight labels: i AC -The Allan and Maria Myers Academic Centre  , University of Melbourne  , Australia. Run dijkstra search from the final node as shown in Fig.6. A learning task assumes that the agents do not have preliminary knowledge about the environment in which they act. Session: LBR Highlights March 5–8  , 2012  , Boston  , Massachusetts  , USA  Multiple autoencoders can be stacked so that the activations of hidden layer l are used as inputs to the autoencoder at layer l + 1. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method  , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. The basic operation here is to retrieve the knowledge base entity matching the spotted query desire  , query input and their relation. Then the probability is represented by the following recursive form: Although we have framed the issue in terms of a game  , pure game theory makes no predictions about such a case  , in which there are two identical Nash equilibriums. Both our weighting scheme and the two weighting schemes to be compared are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method to predict ratings for test users. This toleration factor reflects the inherent resolving limitation of a given relevance scoring function  , and thus within this toleration factor  , the ranking of documents can be seen as arbitrary. The joint motion can be obtained by local optimization of a single performance criterion or multiple criteria even though local methods may not yield the best joint trajectory. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features  , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. Moreover  , our own results have demonstrated that outcome matrices degrade gracefully with increased error 18. to any application. BMEcat and OAGIS to the minimum models of cXML and RosettaNet is not possible. Our scope of machine learning is limited to the fitting of parameter values in previously prescribed models  , using prescribed model-fitting procedures. This means users have small variance on these queries  , and the search engine has done well for these queries  , while on the queries with click entropy≥2.5  , the result is disparate: both P-Click and G-Click methods make exciting performance. This is illustrated in Figure 3. These results are very promising and indicate that  , by using sipIIsl  , parametric query optimization can be efficiently supported in current systems. However  , PLSA found most surprising components: components containing motifs that have strong dependencies. Pair Potentials. It is designed to be used with formal query method and does not incorporate IR relevance measurements. We use a model that separates observed voting data into confounding factors  , such as position and social influence bias  , and article-specific factors. In the case of discrete data the likelihood measures the probability of observing the given data as a function of θ θ θ. The Random Forest model selects a portion of the data attributes randomly and generates hundreds and thousands of trees accordingly  , and then votes for the best performing one to produce the classification result. In the first phase  , we learn the sentence embedding using the word sequence generated from the sentence. Finally  , there might be months that are more olfactory pleasant than others. In order to realize the personal fitting functions  , a surface model is adopted. On the contrary  , the " shortest path " also called " geodesic " or " Dijkstra "  distance between nodes of a graph does not necesarily decrease when connections between nodes are added  , and thus does not capture the fact that strongly connected nodes are closer than weakly connected nodes. Dynamic programming. Figure 2billustrates the highest and second highest bid in the test set  , items that we did not observe when fitting the model. 6  reports on a rule-based query optimizer generator  , which was designed for their database generator EXODUS 2. Figure 1shows appropriate sequences of such steps. Fagin et al. Here  , graph equality means isomor- phism. Que TwigS TwigStack/PRIX from 28  , 29 / ToXinScan vs. X that characterize the ce of an XML query optimizer that takes conjunction with two summary pruning ugmented with data r provides similar se of system catalog information in optimization strategy  ,   , which reduces space by identifying at contain the query a that suggest that  , can easily yield ude. In response  , there has been much research exploring the principles and technologies behind this functionality. Dijkstra makes this observation in his famous letter on the GOTO statement  , Dijkstra 69 observing that computer programs are static entities and are thus easier for human minds to comprehend  , while program executions are dynamic and far harder to comprehend and reason about effectively.   , denotes the Pearson correlation of user and user . Manually built models consist mainly of text patterns  , carefully created  , tested and maintained by domain and linguistic experts. Q-learning incrementally builds a model that represents how the application can be used. Coding theoretic arguments suggest that this structure should pcnnit us to reduce the dimensionality of our index space so as to better correspond to the ShanDon Entropy of the power set of documeDts {though this may require us to coalesce sets of documents wry unlikely to be optimal. The implementation of the logic behind the alignments to be presented herein resulted into the BMEcat2GoodRelations tool. The two diagrams in Figure 5show how the performance changes  , when the LUBM and BSBM queries are executed on increasingly large datasets. The objective of this method is to calculate the closed loop transfer function matrix which minimise the integral squared error between the output of the robotic subsystem and a desired output @d. Of course  , the controller depends on the desired output. SemSearch ES queries that look for particular entities by their name are the easiest ones  , while natural language queries TREC Entity  , QALD-2  , and INEX-LD represent the difficult end of the spectrum. He found the logarithm of the number of distinguishable states of the storage device to be intuitively acceptable and that  , when he I used it  , it worked. Making more difficult is that today mainly low-level languages like XSLT and interactive tools e.g. The BSBM executes a mix of 12 SPARQL queries over generated sets of RDF data; the datasets are scalable to different sizes based on a scaling factor. Comparing to the distributions computed with PLSA  , we see that with Net- PLSA  , we can get much smoother distributions.   , βn be coefficients that are estimated by fitting the model to an existing " model building " data set  , where β0 is termed the model " intercept. " Stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization . These feature vectors are used as input to train a standard self-organizing map. In contrast  , Nelder and Mead's Downhill -Simplex method requires much stricter control over which policies are evaluated. The experimental results in Table 5show that exploiting the emergent relational schema even in this very preliminary implementation already improves the performance of Virtuoso on a number of BSBM Explore queries by up to a factor of 5.8 Q3  , Hot run. All t-SNE projections contain a large number of clusters of different density and size that group vector states by their similarities in the vector state space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . Having computed the topical distribution of each individual tweet  , we can now estimate an entire profile's topical diversity and do so by using the Shannon diversity theorem entropy: Topical Diversity. Besides  , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 37 is the bit allocation optimization step to find the parameter b1  , . fol " .tif. " The SemSets method 7 proposed for entity list search utilizes the relevance of entities to automatically constructed categories i.e. To capture the behavior of SaaSs and IaaS in this conflicting situation game in which what a SaaS or the IaaS the players of the game does directly affects what others do  , we consider the Generalized Nash game13  , 15  , which is broadly used in Game Theory and other fields. When looking at search result behaviour more broadly we see that what browsing does occur occurs within the first page of results. Game theory has also been used as a means for controlling a robot 5  , 7. The architecture of our system is rather simple as displayed in Figure 4 : given a question Q  , a search engine retrieves a list of passages ranked by their relevancy. Figure 2will settle to a state which minimizes the sum of the error in the estimate and the negative of the Shannon entropy. For more details of the evaluation framework please refer to 15 ,16. We observe that the various query sets exhibit different levels of difficulty; this is indeed what we would have liked to achieve by considering different types of information needs. When user attributes relevant to forming social links are not directly observable   , this phenomenon is called latent homophily. In the startup phase  , initial estimates of the hyperparameters φ 0 are obtained. We extend the BSBM by trust assessments. Deep learning is an emerging research field today and  , to our knowledge  , our work is the first one that applied deep learning for assessing quality of Wikipedia articles. As mentioned in Section 3.2  , a parameter is required to determine the semantic relatedness knowledge provided by the auxiliary word embeddings. Unlike semantic score features and semantic expansion features which are query-biased  , document quality features are tended to estimate the quality of a tweet. Our approach provides a novel point of view to Wikipedia quality classification. That is  , all statistics that one computes from the completed database should be as close as possible to those of the original data. As shown in Figure 1  , the auxiliary word embeddings utilized in GPU-DMM is pre-learned using the state-of-the-art word embedding techniques from large document collections. We present optimization strategies for various scenarios of interest. Our approach is independent of stemmers  , part of speech taggers and parsers. Query Load. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function  , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. After enough information about previously-executed  , empty-result queries has been accumulated in C aqp   , our method can often successfully detect empty-result queries and avoid the expensive query execution. At the meta-broker end  , we believe that our results can also be helpful in the design of the target scoring function  , and in distinguishing cases where merging results is meaningful and cases where it is not. Please note in all of the experiments  , PAMM-NTN was configured to direct optimize the evaluation measure of α-NDCG@20. An interesting property of hierarchical feature maps is the tremendous speed-up as compared to the self-organizing map. The probability of observing the central sentence s m ,t given the context sentences and the document is defined using the softmax function as given below. Table 2adds an additional level of detail to the PRODUCT → PRODUCT DETAILS structure introduced in Fig. BMEcat allows to specify products using vendor-specific catalog groups and features  , or to refer to classification systems with externally defined categories and features. Game theory assumes that the players of a game will pursue a rational strategy. A more effective method of handling natural question queries was developed recently by Lu et al. There are only two parameters to tune in random forests: T   , the number of trees to grow  , and m  , the number of features to consider when splitting each node. The hierarchy is determined by the group identifier of the catalog structure that refers to the identifier of its parent group. This paper presents a novel technique for self-folding that utilizes shape memory polymers  , resistive circuits  , and structural design features to achieve these requirements and create two­ dimensional composites capable of self-folding into three­ dimensional devices. It should be noted that Axdi is calculated by each follower based on the observable state of each follower AX ,. Locality-based methods group objects based on local relationships. For example  , using gray level histogram  , a checker-board b/w pattern of 2x2 squares will have the same entropy as one with 4x4 squares covering an equal area although the latter contains more information. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. Figure 1' which are acquired through repeated exposures t o the particular sounds of interest. Our approach consists of two steps. The correlation between Qrels-based measures and Trelsbased measures is extremely high. In addition  , with increasing interoperability across system boundaries  , a significant fraction of the workload may become inherently unpredictable  , and DMP settings that are based on the local load alone will be meaningless. IMRank2 consistently provides better influence spread than PMIA and IRIE  , and runs faster than them. In this paper  , we presented an optimal control a p proach to generating paths for robots  , extended our contact model to apply generally rather than specifically  , and discussed the derivatives that the general contact model in conjunction with the optimal control a p proach require. Many data sets are incomplete. is NP-complete. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. The results from the initial workshops were encouraging and the method was taken into use in several other teams  , too. The topics to generate terms are local topics   , which are derived from global topics. We selected Prevayler because it was used as a case study for an aspect-oriented refactoring method by Godil  , Zhang  , and Jacobsen 1428. Similar to the Mann-Whitney test  , it does not assume normal distributions of the population and works well on samples with unequal sizes. One promising method is LCS longest common subsequence and another skipgrams 8. Another issue for MQ is about threshold learning. In the following  , we outline correspondences between elements of BMEcat and GoodRelations and propose a mapping between the BMEcat XML format and the GoodRelations vocabulary. Likewise   , the number of movies a person has rated is a very good method on the implicit rating prediction GROC plot. Our results lead us to conclude that parameter settings can indeed have a large impact on the performance of defect prediction models  , suggesting that researchers should experiment with the parameters of the classification techniques . Consider a two class classification problem. once the shortcomings mentioned in Section 6.2 are addressed  , we will evaluate our approach on a larger scale  , for example using the data provided by the second instalment of the QALD open challenge  , which comprises 100 training and 100 test questions on DBpedia  , and a similar amount of questions on MusicBrainz . The CS presented in this paper implements a new approach for supporting dynamic and virtual collections  , it supports the dynamic creation of new collections by specifying a set of definition criteria and make it possible to automatically assign to each collection the specialized services that operate on it. However  , if all violations go through a small set of nodes that are not encountered on the early selected paths or these nodes get stuck on the bottom of the worklist  , then it may be worse than breadth first search. We also studied the impact of spelling normalization and stemming on Arabic CLIR. Their method  , called Horizontal Decomposition HD  , decomposes programs hierarchically a la Dijkstra 11 using levels of abstraction and step-wise refinement. We run IMRank to select 50 seed nodes. Question Answering over Linked Data QALD 8 evaluation campaigns aim at developing retrieval methods to answer sophisticated question-like queries. Periodically  , the fast Fourier transform FFT yields a signal spectrum: But the bcst way is to determine TI and T2 directly in DSP from input data array xn. A bad initial ranking prefers nodes with low influence. Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. In this literature  , in this work  , we only use HTML deobfuscation and MIME normalization. This simplifies query optimization Amma85. This information  , along with the CS positions in the robot frame  , and with the map  , identifies the robot pose position and orientation. If the model fitting has increased significantly  , then the predictor is kept. Our model is similar to DLESE although the latter does not support an interactive map-based interface or an environment for online learning. The most notable improvements over previous versions are the support of external catalogs and multiple languages  , and the consistent renaming of the ambiguous term ARTICLE to PRODUCT. In general  , the optimization problem 17 can be locally solved using numerical gradient-descent methods. An end-user application resembling Twitter's current search interface might apply a threshold on the tweet retrieval score and only show tweets above some threshold in chronological order. We should try our best to eliminate the time that the evaluators spend on SPARQL syntax. We found that for the BSBM dataset/queries the average execution time stays approximately the same  , while the geometric mean slightly increases. the selected documents in Sr−1  , as defined in Equation 4  , and S0 is an empty set. This seemed to help users produce better and more successful sketches. Unfortunately  , to use Popov's stability theory  , one must construct a strict positive real system transfer function matrix  , but this is a very tedious work. In order to design the controller  , we need to have the transfer function matrix of the robotic subsystem sampled with period T , ,. Our own work has centered on the use of the normal-form game as a representation and means of control for human-robot interaction 12. We discretize the height map into a grid of 48 x 48  , for all 3 channels. dmax equals to the largest indegree among all nodes when l = 1. This would require extending the described techniques  , and creating new QA benchmarks. The visible layer of the bottom-most RBM is character level replicated softmax layer as described in Section 4.2. For this  , we measured the performance on large BSBM and LUBM data sets while varying the number of nodes used. 14  recently analyze places and events in a collection of geotagged photos using DBSCAN. Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. , most of their content is in a few categories  , or are users more varied ? The way RaPiD7 is applied varies significantly depending on the case. Therefore  , in TempCorr terms are ranked based on the level of correlation to the target time-series. The vibration response is shown in figure 8. One of the well-known uni-modal hashing method is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 2  , which uses random projections to obtain the hash functions. We use the formula to get the Pearson correlation between the two data sets  , Document-level TRDR performance scores are computed for each question and for both methods. 15 propose an alternative approach called rank-based relevance scoring in which they collect a mapping from songs to a large corpus of webpages by querying a search engine e.g. The difference is the risk to loose the exact plot locations over the original projection. We repeat iterative step s times. Deterministic methods exploit heuristics which consider the component characteristics to configure the system structure 35. After all documents are indexed  , the data are aggregated and sent to the Self-Organizing Map for categorization. Experiments for English and Dutch MoIR  , as well as for English-to-Dutch and Dutch-to-English CLIR using benchmarking CLEF 2001-2003 collections and queries demonstrate the utility of our novel MoIR and CLIR models based on word embeddings induced by the BWESG model. While TagAssist did not outperform the original tag set  , the performance is significantly better than the baseline system without tag compression and case evaluation. In the M-step  , we fix the posteriors and update Λ that maximizes Equation 8. Negative experiences in using RaPiD7 exist  , too. Next we examined transitive retrieval to gauge its impact on notranslation CLIR. The results of these experiments is presented in Table 2. Typically  , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7  , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. 3 These judgements were analysed with the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov test KS test to determine whether two given samples follow the same distribution 15. Then we compute the single source shortest path from y using breadth first search. In this section  , we show the effectiveness of our approach for CLIR. Thus  , specific terms are useful to describe the relevance feature of a topic. Based on this fundamental idea of CLIR  , we can define a corresponding Mixed-script IR MSIR setup as follows. We investigated whether instead of emotivity  , the diversity of emotions expressed could be related to high status. However  , the application is completely different. We experimented with BSBM 4 and SP2B 29 datasets  , varying the sizes of data. This is an implementation of an entity identification problem 50. The tasks compared the result 'click' distributions where the length of the summary was manipulated. To evaluate the ability of generative models  , we numerically compared the models by computing test-set perplexity PPX. Furthermore  , resources aggregated in a collection can be found more easily than if they were disjoint. Approaches to the imputation of missing values has been extensively researched from a statistical perspective 7 ,11 ,12. We have thus demonstrated how the Kolmogorov- Smirnov Test may be used in identifying the proportion of features which are significantly different within two data samples. That is , These models utilize the bilingual compositional vector model biCVM of 9 to train a retrieval system based on a bilingual autoencoder. Overall  , English-French CLIR was very effective  , achieving at least 90% of monolingual MAP when translation alternatives with very low probability were excluded. We restrict the training pages to the first k pages when traversing the website using breadth first search. Uncertainties/entropies of the two distributions can be computed by Shannon entropy: Let Y denote posterior changed probabilities after certain information is known: Y = y1  , y2  , . BSBM generates a query mix based on 12 queries template and 40 predicates.  We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: to the introduction of blank nodes. In our case  , we use a random sample of tweets crawled from a different time period to train our word embedding vectors. However  , for BSBM dataset  , DFSS outperforms ITRMS for both scalability experiments see Figure 4c and Figure 5a. All 24 out of 24 QALD-4 queries  , with all there syntactic variations  , were correctly fitted in NQS  , giving a high sensitivity to structural variation. If we join all subsystems in accordance with the position based dynamic look and move structures we obtain the system's block diagram. The final output of the forest is a weighted sum of the class distributions output by all of the trees in the forest. The null hypothesis states that the observed times were drawn from the same distribution  , which means that there is no context bias effect. Evaluation is performed via anecdotal results. Audio signals consists of a time-series of samples  , which we denote as st. Experimental studies show that this basic LSH method needs over a hundred 13 and sometimes several hundred hash tables 6 to achieve good search accuracy for high-dimensional datasets. Conduct curve fitting for sampled distance and zoom level as in Furthermore  , the mapping at product level allows to specify the manufacturer part number  , product name and description  , and condition of the product. The problem of imputation is thus: complete the database as well as possible. By contrast  , the nearly 2.7 million product instances from the crawl only contain eleven properties on average. The LSTM configuration is illustrated in Figure 2b. Ultimately  , these grounded clusters of relation expressions are evaluated in the task of property linking on multi-lingual questions of the QALD-4 dataset. This problem can be formulated as longest common subsequence LCS problem 8. Furthermore  , based on this index structure  , Tagster incorporates a tag-based user characterization that takes into account the global tag statistics for better navigation and ranking of resources. The sp2b uses bibliographic data from dblp 12 as its test data set  , while the bsbm benchmark considers eCommerce as its subject area. We use |C1|/|C| to calculate the precision  , |C1+C2+C3|/|C| to evaluate the relevance precision. The relation between deep learning and emotion is given in Sect. In a recent theoretical study 22  , Panigrahy proposed an entropy-based LSH method that generates randomly " perturbed " objects near the query object  , queries them in addi-tion to the query object  , and returns the union of all results as the candidate set. Logical query optimization uses equalities of query expressions to transform a logical query plan into an equivalent query plan that is likely to be executed faster or with less costs. A random forest 5  is then built using original and random contrast variables and the variable importance is calculated for all variables. MaxEntInf Pseudolikelihood EM PL-EM MaxEntInf : This is our proposed semi-supervised relational EM method that uses pseudolikelihood combined with the MaxEntInf approach to correct for relational biases. The user can view the document frequency of each phrase and link to the documents containing that phrase. It Wu et al. We plan to investigate these methods in future work. It is based on structural risk minimization principle from computational learning theory. Representations for interaction have a long history in social psychology and game theory 4  , 6. DBSCAN parameters were set to match the expected point density of the bucket surface. To determine the statistical significance of the Pearson correlation coefficient r  , the p − value has been used in this work. , to edit them. Figure 3 a and b present the topical communities extracted with the basic PLSA model  , and Figure 3c and d present the topical communities extracted with NetPLSA. portant drawbacks with lineage for information exchange and query optimization using views. , denotes the set of common items rated by both and . The methods proposed in this paper use data imputation as a component. For example  , consider the following two queries: In general  , the design philosophy of our method is to achieve a reasonable balance between efficiency and detection capability. While the E-step can be easily distributed  , the M-step is still centralized  , which could potentially become a bottleneck. This paper presented the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval. Channels and variables may either be local or global. By picking the probing sequence carefully  , it also requires checking far fewer buckets than entropy-based LSH. The other methods such as LIF and LIB*TF emphasize term frequency in each document and  , with the ability to associate one document to another by assigning term weights in a less discriminative manner  , were able to achieve better recalls. This method needs lots of hierarchical links as its training data. ICTNETVS07 is the Borda Fuse combination of three methods. There is significant scientific work to support this view. Connectedness: Second  , the Routing Engine scores each user according to the degree to which she herself — as a person  , independently of her topical expertise — is a good " match " for the asker for this information query. We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. Similarly  , the average improvement in Pearson correlation rises from 7% to 14% on average. We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. To maximize the overall log likelihood  , we can maximize each log likelihood function separately. In this work  , we show that the database centric probabilistic retrieval model has various interesting properties for both automatic image annotation and semantic retrieval. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. However  , directly optimizing the above objective function is impractical because the cost of computing the full softmax is proportional to the size of items |I|  , which is often extremely large. Then  , further simulations were performed. Case-folding overcomes differences between terms by representing all terms uniformly in a single case. According to Hull and Grefenstette 1996 human translation in CLIR experiments is an additional source of error. Maximizing the global parameters in MapReduce can be handled in a manner analogous to EM 33 ; the expected counts of the variational distribution generated in many parallel jobs are efficiently aggregated and used to recompute the top-level parameters. As we can see  , ≈40 % of calls are handled by the local cache  , regardless the number of clients. Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. On both text sets  , OTM outperforms LSA  , PLSA  , LapPLSA in terms of classification accuracies due to the orthogonality of the topics. This crucial benefit of graphs recently led to an emerging interest in graph based data mining 7. As the local R 2 FP deals with the sparse features in the sub-region and the sparseness of features is a vital start point that inspires the proposed method  , it can be assumed that K opt can be affected by the sparsity of the feature maps  , which is determined by the target response of each hidden neuron ρ in the autoencoder.   , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. , FemaleHeadsOf- Government and HostCitiesOfTheSummerOlympicGames. Boolean assertions in programming languages and testing frameworks embody this notion. Thus  , the smaller the p-value  , the Pearson correlation is more statistically significant. Overall  , we find that there is only a weak correlation 0.157 between snippet viewing time and relevance. Accurate effort prediction is a challenge in software engineering. Query Optimization: The optimization of an SQL query uses cost-based techniques to search for a cheap evaluation plan from a large space of options. NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also memorizes whether a user clicked on the first document. By emphasizing the discriminative power specificity of a term  , LIB reduces weights of terms commonly shared by unrelated documents  , leading to fewer of these documents being grouped together smaller false positive and higher precision. the probabilistic model offers justification for various methods that had previously been used in automatic retrieval environments on an empirical basis. LSTM models are defined as follows: given a sequence of inputs  , an LSTM associates each position with input  , forget  , and output gates  , denoted as it  , ft  , and ot respectively. dynamic programming  , greedy  , simulated annealing  , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 22. This can be perceived from results already. However  , this extended method makes the problem of finding the optimal combination of DMP values even trickier and ultimately unmanageable for most human administrators. The robot then uses a Dijkstra-based graph search 20 to find the shortest path to the destination. The following equations describe those used as the foundation of our retrieval strategies. We learned 3 the mapping of 300  , 000 words to a 100-dimension embedded space over a corpus consisting of 7.5 million Web queries  , sampled randomly from a query log. Also  , the greater their number  , the higher the relevance. L is the average number of non-zero features in each training instance. The above likelihood function can then be maximized with respect to its parameters. Semantic query optimization is well motivated in the literature6 ,5 ,7  , as a new dimension to conventional query optimization. In particular  , we will test how well our approach carries over to different types of domains. The KS test is slightly more powerful than the Mann-Whitney's U test in the sense that it cares only about the relative distribution of the data and the result does not change due to transformations applied to the data. The mapping of product classes and features is shown in Table 3. After some simple but not obvious algebra  , we obtain the following objective function that is equivalent to the likelihood function: Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. ,and rdel  , the whole databases wereincrementally inserted and deleted  , although& = 0 for the 2D spatial database. As the first click model for QAC  , our TDCM model could be extended in several ways in the future. However  , there are a number of requirements that differ from the traditional materialized view context. A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. 5 BSBM is currently focused on SPARQL queries  , therefore we plan to develop a set of representative SPARQL/Update operations to cover all features of our approach. We expect  , the Kendall rank correlation coefficient see 30  , another much used rank correlation  , to have similar problems in dealing with distributions. The likelihood function of a graph GV  , E given the latent labeling is Under the bag-of-words assumption  , the generative probability of word w in document d is obtained through a softmax function over the vocabulary: Given the wide availability of standard word embedding software and word lists for most languages  , both resources are significantly easier to obtain than manually curating lexical paraphrases   , for example by creating WordNet synsets. The Clarke-Tax approach ensures that users have no incentive to lie about their true intentions. Consequently   , the DMP method cannot react to dynamic changes of the mix of transactions that constitute the current load. Improving translation accuracy is important for query translation . We plan on investigating the use of different estimators in future work. If a word has no embedding  , the word is considered as having no word semantic relatedness knowledge. In this section  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding. We employ Random Forest classifier implementation in Weka toolkit 7 with default parameter settings. All correlations with an absolute value larger than 0.164 are statistically significant at p < 0.05. It shows PLSA can capture users' interest and recommend questions effectively. A dynamic programming approach is used to calculate an optimal  , monotonic path through the similarity matrix. classes in PLSA. In particular  , low-rank MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 15  , item taxonomy 6  , and attributes 1. Current approaches of learning word embedding 2  , 7  , 15  focus on modeling the syntactic context. To exploit statistics on views we can leverage existing system infrastructure built to support materialized views. The Semantic space method we use in the context of the Blog-Track'09 is Random Indexing RI  , which is not a typical method in the family of Semantic space methods. These data should be used for optimization  , i.e. Finally  , by combining long-term and short-term user interests  , our proposed models TDSSM and MR-TDSSM successfully outperformed all the methods significantly. Our extension  , available from the project website  , reads the named graphs-based datasets  , generates a consumer-specific trust value for each named graph  , and creates an assessments graph. Basically  , DBSCAN is based on notion of density reachability. Based on this observed transition and reward the Q-function is updated using This enables a principled integration of the thesaurus model and a probabilistic retrieval model. Each book  , for example  , may take a considerable time to review  , particularly when collecting passage level relevance assessments. To measure how determining trust values may impact query execution times we use our tSPARQL query engine with a disabled trust value cache to execute the extended BSBM. The Shannon Entropy  , H n is defined as: Kendall's τ evaluates the correlation of two lists of items by counting their concordant and discordant pairs. , number of extra hash buckets to check  , for the multiprobe LSH method and the entropy-based LSH method. To avoid problems of over-fitting  , we regularize the model weights using L2 regularization. To measure the impact of this extension on query execution times we compare the results of executing our extended version of the BSBM with ARQ and with our tSPARQL query engine. It uses a transform similar to the Fast Fourier Transform  , which reduces convolution to pointwise addition. Other disciplines that promise to support for a better grounded discipline of CSD for business value include utility theory  , game theory  , financial engineering e.g. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. Internally  , the framework builds up a microscopic representation of the system based on these observations as well as on a list of interactions of interest specified by the user. The next section presents our method based on term proximity to score the documents. A notable feature of the Fuhr model is the integration of indexing and retrieval models. Since the transfer function matrix in Eq. Thus  , for materialized views  , it may be adequate to limit support to a subclass of common operations where view substitution has a large query execution payoff. From the above results  , we conclude that the introduction of the LSTM block helps to improve the learning abilities of the neural click models. First  , is to include multi-query optimization in CQ refresh. These variants can also be solved by dynamic programming. In summary  , several conclusions can be drawn from the experi- ments. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. For mental demand the differences were found to be significant  We will revisit and evaluate some representative retrieval models to examine how well they work for finding related articles given a seed article. An additional probabilistic model is that of Fuhr 4. Since the dynamic behavior of the end-effector in two directions are uncoupled  , matrices E  , S   , G and H of Figure 10are diagonal. Second  , the monitoring and control of memoryaccessing events often have large overhead. Moreover  , the Pearson product moment correlation coefficient 8  , 1 I  is utilized to measure the correlation between two itemsets. It is a big step for calligraphic character recognition. We run an experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M  , hosted on the same LDF server with 2 differents URLs. quasi-Newton method. special effects. A contextaware Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. Cost-based query optimization techniques for XML 22  , 29 are also related to our work. One issue is that the true pignistic Shannon entropy on intermediate combined evidence structures is not available. The first assumption in 12 requires that Furthermore the LSH based method E2LSH is proposed in 20. NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also uses behavioral information from all historical query sessions  , whose SERP contain the document d. However  , this global information does not tell us much about the relevance of the document d to the query q. Data Modeling: A predictive model  , capable of extracting facts from the decomposed and tagged input media  , needs to be constructed  , either manually or through automatic induction methods. Furthermore  , since NST@Self actually measures an individual's aspiration for variety  , we compared two model-free methods widely adopted in information theory: shannon 37  , which calculates the conditional entropy. Table entries are set according to the scoring model of the search engine; thus  , At ,d is the score of document d for term t. Two synthetic datasets generated using RDF benchmark generators BSBM 2 and SP2B 3 were used for scalability evaluation. We use different state-of-the-art keyword-based probabilistic retrieval models such as the sequential dependence model  , a query likelihood model  , and relevance model query expansion . For example  , in Figure 1suppose that another liberal news site enters the fray. Consider an optimization problem with The operation of dynamic programming can be explained as follows. Many models for ranking functions have been proposed previously  , including vector space model 43   , probabilistic model 41 and language model 35 . Games such as Snakes and Ladders  , Tic-Tac-Toe  , and versions of Chess have all been explored from a game theory perspective. distributions amounts to fitting a model with squared loss. However  , due to the limitation of random projection  , LSH usually needs a quite long hash code and hundreds of hash tables to guarantee good retrieval performance. user-based and itembased methods  , using the Pearson correlation to measure the similarity. Computing the dK-2 distributions is also a factor  , but rarely contributes more than 1 hour to the total fitting time. We first explored the viability of no-translation CLIR on a broader range of disparate language pairs than has been heretofore reported. Perhaps the best example of a  It also permits nodes which can represent topographical cues to be freely added and/or removed. The last line is explicitly fitting a mixedeffects model using the function lme in the nlme package. II. The average pooling of word embedding vector utilizes word embeddings in a low-dimensional continuous space where relevant words are close to each other. , 1975. The idea behind EasyEnsemble is quite simple. Our results have practical implications to search engine companies. Autonomic computing is a grand challenge  , requiring advances in several fields of science and technology  , particularly systems  , software architecture and engineering  , human-system interfaces  , policy  , modeling  , optimization  , and many branches of artificial intelligence such as planning  , learning  , knowledge representation and reasoning  , multiagent systems  , negotiation  , and emergent behavior. Though real-time dynamic programming converges to an optimal solution quickly  , several modifications are proposed to further speed-up the convergence. For commercial reasons  , we have developed technology for English  , Japanese  , and Chinese CLIR. The goal in RaPiD7 is to benefit the whole project by creating as many of the documents as possible using RaPiD7. If the predicate belongs to the profile  , the frequency of this predicate is incremented by one and the timestamp associated to this entry is updated. In the three semantic relevance approaches 4  , 5  , and 6  , a cutoff value of 0.5 was used. As a consequence our ability to manage large software systems simply breaks down once a certain threshold complexity is approached. It does  , though  , inform us about the attractiveness of the document d  , which leads to improvements on the click prediction task see Experiment 4. Sigmoid activation functions are used in the hidden layer and softmax in the output layer to ensure that outputs sum to one. It can be seen that Q-learning incorporated with DYNA or environmental·information reduce about 50 percent of the number of steps taken by the agent. The retrieval was performed using query likelihood for the queries in Tables 1 and 2  , using the language models estimated with the probabilistic annotation model. Although the conversions completed without errors  , still a few issues could be detected in each dataset that we will cover subsequently. i.e.