BMEcat and OAGIS to the minimum models of cXML and RosettaNet is not possible. This binding is realized in the notion of In a query of type 1  , the text pattern can be specified in many different ways  , e.g. For suitable choices of these it might be feasible to efficiently obtain a solution. reflect intent popularity over time ? We first perform a best-first-search in the graph from the node containing the initial position tc the node containing the goal. Another approach to extensible query optimization using the rules of a grammar to construct query plans is described in Lo88. In this way  , the adorned program mirrors the way the ARC-program was constructed from the corresponding GRE query  , except that bound variables are now propagated top-down rather than bottom-up. Segment t24 ranking takes approximately 0.05 seconds for set 1. There are many ways to find optimal trajectories  , including using Pontryagin's Minimum PrinciplelS  , gradient descent9  , dynamic programming  , and direct search. , the point-of-interest POI indicates the geo-location and activity category  , while the timestamp reveals the chronological order. The method is named SMA-FC  , and it performs a number of scans of the database equals to the number of states of the given regular expression. Based on these results  , we can conclude that any strongly connected sub-graph in the punctuation graph for the query could serve as a building block for constructing safe plans. could appear anywhere in the retrieved list and  , using dynamic programming  , compute by enumeration the resulting EAP . The search node is dis-played as a textbox for full text search. Furthermore  , LSs can be customized by teachers or learners  , and may include tools to promote learning. Machine learning systems treat the SBD task as a classification problem  , using features such as word spelling  , capitalization  , sumx  , word class  , etc. For query optimization  , a translation from UnQL to UnCAL is defined BDHS96  , which provides a formal basis for deriving optimization rewrite rules such as pushing selections down. For instance   , during the 4-merge phase phase 2 in the figure all compare-and-swaps performed within the first 4-item block are ascending  , whereas they are descending for the second 4-item block. The effect is equivalent to that of optimizing the query using a long optimization time. As for sponsored search  , an overview is given in 15. The TREC topics are real queries  , selected by editors from a search engine log. Second  , they provide more optimization opportunities. In principle  , a dynamic programming approach can be taken to determine optimal strategies for the partially-predictable case; however  , even for a simple planar problem the state space is fourdimensional . The ratio for a navigational query bestbuy is 3.3  , which is smaller than that of simulated annealing. Another useful search option is offered by video OCR. Systems that support dynamic extension generally consist of a base application and an extension programming language in which extensions to the base can be written. To be efficient and scalable  , Frecpo prunes the futile branches and narrows the search space sharply. Each iteration of the stochastic gradient descent in PV-DBOW goes through each word exactly once  , so we use the document length 1/#d to ensure equal regularizations over long and short documents. This problem can also be solved by employing existing optimization techniques. In numerical optimization  , maximization of an optimization function is a standard problem which can be solved using stochastic gradient descent 5. It is well-known that the permutation expression can be compacted a bit to exponential size but no further compaction is possible in regular expression notation. The execution term of each oscillation motion per one action is two peri­ ods. To this end  , we specify a distribution over Q: PQq can indicate  , for example  , the probability that a specific query q is issued to the information retrieval system which can be approximated. First  , single collection access plans are generated  , followed by a phase in which 2-way join plans are considered  , followed by 3-way joins  , etc. Optimization of this query plan presents further difficulties. However  , when one knows the primes that make up the program in advance such as with a gotoless programming language  , there is no need to compute the regular expression explicitly . The upper part lists the numbers for the product categorization standards  , whereas the lower three rows of the table represent the proprietary category systems . Table 10 shows our best performance according to micro average F and SU. , union operators. However  , the combined search yields a similar final behavior to keyword-based search. However  , it does not exploit information from Δ. As the dynamic programming technique is popular for approximate string matching  , it is only natural that it be broadly used in the area of melodic search. SCUP combines HTN planning with best-first search that uses a heuristic selection mechanism based on ontological reasoning over the input user preferences  , state of the world  , and the HTNs. 13 for query q. Table 4Table 4  , the SDM-CA and MLM-CA baselines optimized SDM and MLM both outperform previously proposed models on the entire query set  , most significantly on QALD-2 and ListSearch query sets. As Q increases  , both BITM and sBITM show that they can learn the topic labels more accurately when there are more brand conscious users. RIF draws ideas from the interval feature classifier TSF 6  and we also construct a random forest classifier. At the third step  , based on normalization dictionary Qnorm dic and WordNet  , each word in a question is converted into LSP code to be matched with the condition part of LSP grammar by regular expression. " For each time slot  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar time slots to predict the missing values. Hence we determine the policy so as to output the action of the largest utility  , uPp ,r  , and to explore the learning space we add stochastic fluctuation Recall that  , as Section 2 defined  , in entity search  , a query q specifies a context operator α  , which suggests how the desired tuple instances may appear in Web pages. Query queries  , we have developed an optimization that precomputes bounds. The Pearson correlation between Soft Cardinality scores and coreness annotations was 0.71. The module is based on a set of regular-expression-like rules  , that match a certain context and replace found erroneous tag with a correct one. , by regular expression  , finite state automaton  , intertask dependencies  , etc. We then performed the same experiment over different wh-types on 2 more datasets: Training set of QALD-5's Multilingual tract only english queries and OWLS-TC. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first study to evaluate the impact of SSD on search engine cache management. In addition to the query-term most collections permit the specification of search concepts to limit the search to a certain concept. This is useful because users generally use such rules to disambiguate names; for an example  , " if the affiliations are matched  , and both are the first author  , then .. " . Patient demography identification task identifies patient's age and gender indicated within the visit. To test whether the relative difficulty of the topics is preserved over the two document sets  , we computed the Pearson correlation between the median AP scores of the 50 difficult topics as measured over the two datasets. In other words  , the implicit approach improves programming scalability. We plan to expand this set of search tools by providing a " beam " search  , a greedy search  , a K-lookahead greedy search  , and variations of the subassembly-guided search. The coverage of a target regular expression r by a sample S is defined as the fraction of transitions in the corresponding Glushkov automaton for r that have at least one witness in S. The CSTR search interface is based solely on keyword searching; no bibliographic records are provided by the sites from which the documents are harvested  , and  , unlike the RI system  , CSTR does not parse documents to automatically extract bibliographic details. In this approach we first traverse all the blocks nested under a given query block and identify the set of all interesting parameter sort orders. stemming and capitalization and then converted into a list of 110 regular expressions  , such as: In this example  , a word with the normalized form place  , view  , or use must occur in the same sentence as tool to collect  , and a word with normalized form inform e.g. With the features obtained from the images and the differences between the real and estimated robot pose  , two data files have been built to study the problem and obtain the classifier using machine learning techniques 3 . To avoid ambiguity  , we insist that an atom in a domain specification be mentioned at most once. If the graph is unreliable  , the optimization results will accordingly become unreliable. In both cases  , such features cause over-fitting in the prediction. The client-side template engine uses two functionalities  , XMLHttpRequest XHR and Dynamic HTML DHTML  , which are available for scripts running on recent Web browsers. This years' performance reects the addition of the automated expression system  , and the corresponding increase in the 4  , which we feel would be a benecial addition to the overall system architecture. These patterns are written in a regular-expression-like language where tokens can be: Resporator runs after the previously described annotators   , so quantities that the other annotators detect can be represented as quantities in the Resporator patterns. We then show how to compile such a program into an execution plan. Table 1presents the results. Different people may use the shared machine at different times  , but to a remote observer all activity is associated with a single identifier  , and people's search behaviors will be intertwined in search logs. It worked opposite the various databases during performance of the search. For instance  , it is straightforward to show that as the number of trees increases asymptotically  , MLRF's predictions will converge to the expected value of the ensemble generated by randomly choosing all parameters and that the generalization error of MLRF is bounded above by a function of the correlation between trees and the average strength of the trees. Regular expressions REs are recursively defined as follows: every alphabet symbol a ∈ Σ is a regular expression. As shown in Table 1  , the ranking of the engines is nearly identical for each directory  , having a .93 Pearson correlation. As shown  , topic-based metrics have correlation with the number of bugs at different levels. Extensions to the model are considered in Section 5. In our final experiment we tested the scalability of our approach for learning in very high dimensions. If f was neither a proposition nor a structured pattern  , we checked how many content words in f had appeared in previous features. x ≡ q ∈ IR 27  To determine whether periodicity changed as the onset approached  , we computed the Pearson correlation coefficient   between the time between the clusters and the time from the onset. The product of a search task can be factual or intellectual and the goal of a search task can be either specific or amorphous. The quality of the search depends on knowing what search terms to use and on the implemented search strategies. When the user presses the search button in the side toolbar  , or presses " Control-S " on a keyboard  , the document goes into search mode. , record r 5. If two different strings occur in the same corresponding positions of two Web pages  , they are believed to be the items to be extracted. The final Point Of Interest was obtained by searching the individual ID that was the searched Point Of Interest with the spatial search to the RDF triple Step 5. Similarly  , we weight the query terms according to whether they are sub-concepts or not. Our contributions are as follows: We pose bid phrase recommendation as a multi-label learning problem with ten million labels. For large objects  , it performs significantly better at higher false positive rates. Perhaps the most important point to note  , however  , is that this is all possible on a computer as small and inexpensive as a DEC PDP-II/45. It can be summarized in the following steps: 1. The dataset has a slight bias towards long-tail shops. While dynamic techniques require execution traces and test suites  , static techniques are based solely on source code. For many applications  , however  , trajectories are updated continuously . As a similarity measure  , the commonly used Pearson correlation coefficient is chosen. The three stages of the Viewpoint Estimator and the Next- Best-View Selection are described in detail in the following. If a participant performed a pattern-level query either a regular expression search or a node expansion on a node that was not included in the link level  , the corresponding dot is shown within the pattern-level only. A smooth relationship also holds between the moment arm estimated by the distance d and the torque that rotates the object around the grasping line. A simple breadth-first search is quite effective in discovering the topic evolution graphs for a seed topic Figure 4and Figure 5a. A search model describes the string to search within the textual fragments. Type indicates the type of entry: 'F' for a frequent value or 'Q' for a quantile adjustment for the corresponding Col_Value value. , ˆ se = Esij|xij = e. Notice that  , in all cases  , the numbers in the " Crawling " column are smaller than the numbers in the " Generation " column. The simulated annealing program is based on that of 18. Metalinks represent relationships among topics not sources; i.e. However  , this only covers a special case of grouping  , as we will discuss in some detail in Section 3. In summary  , we leverage a dynamic programming based approach instead of a traditional index-based approach for finding the set of all subsequence matches. The search box remains unchanged from other systems at this point. In this work  , we propose to use hashing methods to address the efficiency problem. However  , the initial state is not meaningful and does not affect the result Laarhoven ans Aarts  , 19871. The present paper presents a method to reliably learn regular expressions that are far more complex than the classes of expressions previously considered in the literature. The motivation for the definition of A stems from the desire to interpret the regular expressions for the paths through a program as an A expression. Search sessions ended after a period of user inactivity exceeding 30 minutes. Given their inherent overlap  , a mapping between the models is reasonable with some exceptions that require special attention. As per Table 2  , our automatic evaluation MRR1 scores have a moderately strong positive Pearson correlation of .71 to our manual evaluation. SARSOP also uses a dynamic programming approach  , but it is significantly more efficient by using only a set of sampled points from B. If the size of the test suite is the overriding concern  , simulated annealing or tabu search often yields the best results . However the substantial time required and perhaps the complexity of implementing such methods has led to the widespread use of simpler heuristics  , such as hill-climbing 8 and greedy methods. Person.name. We consider correlation using the Pearson correlation coefficient between interestingness averaged over 15 weeks and number of views  , number of favorites  , ratings  , number of linked sites  , time elapsed since video upload and video duration which are media attributes associated with YouTube videos. Academic search engines have become the starting point for many researchers when they draft research manuscripts or work on proposals. An application which distinguishes itself clearly from the stationary method is described by /Linden 86/ for the Autonomous Land Vehicle ALV. High F1 score shows that our method achieves high value in both precision and recall. Different from traditional text search whose document length is in a wide range  , a tweet contains at most 140 characters. part of the scheduler to do multiple query optimization betwtcn the subqucries. STON89 describes how the XPRS project plans on utilizing parallelism in a shared-memory database machine. Each search unit is controlled from a control computer which loads the queries into the search units. An optimal partition can be computed in Θn 2  time and space by solving a variant of dynamic programming recurrence introduced in 4 . To do this  , we used a regular expression to check the mention of contexts in the document – that is  , the pair city  , state mentioned above –  , along with another regular expression checking if the city was mentioned near another state different from the target state. Table 3summarizes the number of HTTPTraces included in each data set described above  , indicating a large-scale evaluation of the ARROW system. In 4 and 5  , Pamecha and Chirikjian examine the theoretic bounds of reconfiguration on such a system  , including the upper and lower bounds on the minimum number of moves required for reconfiguration. Furthermore  , we describe a manner in which a content hole search can be performed using Wikipedia. email sw@microsoft.com 1 Now the University o f W estminster. A high sparseness parameter leads to rules that have a few large and many small but non-zero coefficients. For the third type  , a painted sketch is drawn to represent the shapes of objects in the desired images  , for example  , an online similar image search engine  , similar image search 2   , presents such a technique. Their robot used Q-learning to learn how to push boxes around a room without gening stuck. Sections 4 and 5 detail a query evaluation method and its optimization techniques. Since OASIS always expands the node at the head of the priority queue  , it is a best-first search technique like A*. HTML 1.0 5 provided basic document formatting and hyperlinks for online browsing; HTML 2.0 6 ushered in a more dynamic  , interactive web by defining forms to capture and submit user input. A search trail originates with the submission of a query to a search engine and contains all queries and post-query navigation trails 27. Each  X is classified into two categories based on the maximum action values separately obtained by Q learning: the area where one of the learned behaviors is directly applicable  n o more learning area  , and the area where learning is necessary due t o the competition of multiple behaviors re-learning area. memory-based and model-based. Can we attribute the residual lift to interest in the brand or category ? NN-search is a common way to implement similarity search. First  , the computational cost of learning the optimal Q values is expensive in the first stage. One of the first focused web crawlers was presented by 8 which introduced a best-first search strategy based on simple criteria such as keyword occurrences and anchor texts. For the quality evaluation function  , we use the Pearson Correlation Coefficient ρ as the metric measuring the distance between the human annotated voice quality score and the predicted voice quality. the user leaving the ad landing page. 2-4; ||·|| indicate the 2- norm of the model parameters and λ is the regularization rate. Compared to these methods   , ARROW mainly differentiates itself by detecting a different attack a.k.a  , drive-by download. We used the Search Friend system to investigate the role richer search interfaces play during different search tasks. Further  , by starting with 1 and incrementing by 1  , the enumeration order is valid for dynamic programming: for every subset  , all its subsets are generated before the subset itself. The passages were indexed by Lucene 5. Our work includes a measurement study of web crawler access characteristics on a busy dynamic website to motivate We have pursued and implemented our approach because it has several crucial advantages. Then  , the following relation exists between The function stop_xss removes these three cases with the regular expression replacements on lines 531  , 545  , and 551  , respectively. 5.3. The modular design of the ARMin robot that allows various combinations of proximal and distal arm training modes will also provide the platform for the search of the best rehabilitation practice. The editor can convert the symptom into a regular expression  , thereby stripping out all the irrelevant parts of the symptom. search /admin/../ Website's control panel that allows to publish  , edit or delete announcements. Recall that ROOTS is the set of edges from ²ÖÓÓØ to roots in the semistructure. A feature many felt was lacking was a " smart search technology that can predict a user's intended search query when he misspells something  , like the Google search engine's 'Did you mean ? " The final classification P c|I  , x is given by averaging over these distributions. In general  , for every plan function s  , 7 can be partiof parametric query optimization. Equation 1 gives the recurrence relation for extending the LCS length for each prefix pair Computed LCS lengths are stored in a matrix and are used later in finding the LCS length for longer prefixes – dynamic programming. Due to the lack of real-world data  , we have developed a synthetic regular expression generator that is parameterized for flexibility. The regular expression is a simple example for an expression that would be applied to the content part of a message. Each label  , in our formulation   , corresponds to a separate bid phrase. They proposed a similarity measure that uses shortest path length  , depth and local density in a taxonomy. As regards the learning component  , the extensive studies have been made. The n-gram proximity search generates a list of named entities as answer candidates. In CCM96  an algebraic framework for the optimization of generalized path expressions in an OODBMS is proposed  , including an approach that avoids exponential blow-up in the query optimizer while still offering flexibility in the ordering of operations. This approach is not used in this paper  , however we will further investigate this in future research. al  , 1983  has been shown effective in solving large combinato enable transitions from the local minima to higher energy states and then to the minimum in a broader area  , a statistical approach was introduced. People search is one of the most popular types of online search. The query language is based on a hyperwalk algebra with operations closed under the set of hyperwalks. For simplicity we will consider a system in which all the measurement variables have a variance equal to 1. Unfortunately  , as we show below  , such ideas are unlikely to help us efficiently find discords. This mechanism prevents changes in the state of occupancy of a cell by small probability cha ,nges. Such a paradigm is common in search literature. To copy otherwire  , or to republish  , requires a fee and/or rpecial permirrion from Ihe Endowment. q~.0 ,~.l ,. Section 6 compares query optimization strategies  , transformationfree with SA and II. FarGo is implemented and available for download and experimentation in http://www.dsg.technion.ac.il/fargo. Let us mathematically formulate the problem of multi-objective optimization in database retrieval and then consider typical sample applications for information systems: Multi-objective Retrieval: Given a database between price  , efficiency and quality of certain products have to be assessed  Personal preferences of users requesting a Web service for a complex task have to be evaluated to select most appropriate services Also in the field of databases and query optimization such optimization problems often occur like in 22 for the choice of query plans given different execution costs and latencies or in 19 for choosing data sources with optimized information quality. The format of OM regex is consistent with other lexicons in that each entry is composed of a regular expression and associated polarity and strength. This is an implementation of an entity identification problem 50. Considering the Random Forest based approaches we vary the number of trees ranging from 10 to 1000. , simulated annealing  , which should improve the quality of models selected by LLA procedures. While generating the plans for the nested blocks we consider only those plans that require a parameter sort order no stronger than the one guaranteed by the outer block. The paper is organized as follows. To reduce the number of candidate plans we can adopt a heuristic of considering only the physical operators that requires the strongest parameter sort order less than the guaranteed sort order. As we are investigating the impact richer search interfaces have  , a spectrum of search tasks covering different search task types and goals would ideally need to be used. 2.5. In particular  , the list of ISs and generic information about them  , such as their name  , a brief textual description of their content  , etc. This may also indicate that on Instagram since the main content is image  , textual caption may not receive as much attention from the user. We attempt to extract author names both by means of matches of the generated EREG  , or extracting the text appearing in between two matches of a GREG. And this doesn't even consider the considerable challenges of optimizing XQuery queries! STARS STrategy Alternative Rules are used in the optimizer to describe possible execution plans for a query. , Pj i vi  , with the constraint that j1 + · · · + ji = j. A recent example where a major search engine started to incorporate query refinement in its search application is AltaVista's Prisma TM tool 1. For example  , an edge 1 → 2 means that the client 1 has the client 2 in its CON view. However  , local search may also return other entity types including sights and " points-of-interest " . , cosine similarity and Pearson correlation. If none of the above heuristics identifies a merge  , we mark the pull request as unmerged. In Section 2 we present related work on query optimization and statistical databases. The travel space together with a dynamic programming technique has the advantages of both  , local and global strategies: robustness and completeness. Experimental Setup: As a first step  , we validate our hypothesis that COV is not dependent on the rank position   , and in fact can be used as an un-biased estimate of snippet attractiveness. The free-parameter values of each predictor's version doc  , type and doc ∧ type were learned separately. Even when a search session consists of multiple queries  , the queries are likely unrelated. The tracking performances after ONE learning trial with q=20 are summarized in Table 1. We have implemented this approach within ACE and are exploring the time-space tradeoffs. It utilizes containment mapping for identifying redundant navigation patterns in a query and later for collapsing them to minimize the query. These search criteria will be transferred via the Web to a search script. Our experiments in section 3 are concerned with the manual search task on the TRECVID2002 and TRECVID2003 datasets. A site entry page may have multiple equivalent URLs. A consequence of this is that all regular expression variables appear in the head of any base rule. For each activity  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar activities to predict the missing values. The objective function can be solved by the stochastic gradient descent SGD. The serial search was evaluated in both cases by using an optimal cutoff on the ranked documents. This was also observed in the context of lexical source-code transformations of arbitrary programming languages 2  , where it is an alternative to manipulations of the abstract syntax tree. Therefore  , unrestricted DSU is standard in many dynamic programming languages. Such dynamic generation and compilation results in large computation overhead and dependence on direct availability of a compiler. This ID is used to identify the result of the classification. However  , if the specified transforms are directly applied on the input data  , many transforms such as regular-expression-based substitutions and some arithmetic expressions cannot be undone unambiguously – there exist no " compensating " transforms. For brevity  , we omit nodes in a regular expression unless required  , and simply describe path expressions in terms of regular expressions over edge labels. We also showed how to incorporate our strategies into existing query optimizers for extensible databases. Our experiments show that the SP approach gives a decent performance in terms of number of triples  , query size and query execution time. The Rover toolkit provides two major programming abstractions: relocatable dynamic objects RDOs  , and queued remote procedure call QRPC. Not all applications provide this feature  , although Such explicit reflective programming  , in which the system manipulates a dynamic representation of its own user interface  , is difficult to capture in a static query. Unfortunately  , many Web users are still unaware of these high quality vertical search resources. Through a large-scale user study with academic experts from several areas of knowledge  , we demonstrate the suitability of the proposed association and normalization models to improve the effectiveness of a state-of-the-art expert search approach.   , denotes the Pearson correlation of user and user . The first task  , namely the technology survey  , consists of 18 expert-defined natural language expressions of the information needed and the task is to retrieve a set of documents from a predefined collection that can best answer the questions. This feature of Q-learning is extremely useful in guiding the agent towards re-executing and deeply exploring the most relevant scenarios. 3-grams CharGrams 3 comes in third with an F1 score of 95.97. From interaction logs we extracted search sessions. A number of studies have indicated the potential usefulness of alternative search strategies. For example  , what is new topic-related information for one individual may not be new information for another. Each of the rewriting patterns contains a * symbol  , which encodes the required position of the answer in the text with respect to the pattern. The Pearson correlation between the number of active seconds and the total number of seconds for these workers was 0.88 see Figure 7 . Another benchmark dataset – WebQuestions – was introduced by Berant et al. In our approach we made several important assumptions about the model of the environment. Most previous work has focused on alternating patterns. The query optimizer shuffles operators around in the query tree to produce a faster execution plan  , which may evaluate different parts of the query plan in any order considered to be correct from the relational viewpoint. After conducting all four searches  , participants completed an exit questionnaire. The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. The programming of robot control system if structured in this way  , may be made of different programming languages on each level. They tried to solve optimization problem for energy minimization by a variational approach. Therefore  , our push-boxto-goal task is made to involve following three suhtask; A the robot needs to find the potential boxsearchTarget1 and approach to the boxapproach Also  , the robot needs to find the pathway to the goalsearchTarget2. Although the real experiments are encouraging  , still we have a gap between the computer simulation and the real system. Query execution times are  , in theory  , unbounded. Offsets are limited to a maximum value called the " window size " . On average we have observed slightly higher COV values in ViewSer data in comparison to Eye-tracking. We observe that storage systems typically perform redundancy elimination in a manner that is completely transparent to the higher levels  , and our indexing approach would thus have to be implemented at the lower levels for best performance. Note: schema:birthDate and schema:deathDate are derived from the same subfield using the supplied regular expression. It can be seen that the classifiers that produced the best results were the Random Forest classifier for the HTML features  , the J48 classifier for the Java- Script features  , and the J48 classifier for the URL-and host-based features. Then we update parameters utilizing Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD until converge. According to rough estimates Deep Web is much larger than the web content  , indexed by search engines. As a result  , learning on the task-level is simpler and faster than learning on the component system level. The project shown had 30 modules; the history and metrics of 2/3 of these were used for predicting the ranking of the remaining ten modules. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. Conventional query optimizers assume that the first part is negligible compared to the second  , and they try to minimize only the execution cost instead of the total query evaluation cost. 4shows an example of a search for a particular kind of brooch using Boolean full-text search operators. The Java applet is started as soon as users click the " classification " button on their search result screen. The structural framework of simulated need situa- tions 6 were used to present search tasks. Ten years later  , the search landscape has greatly evolved. In the case of the tokens in columnˆficolumnˆ columnˆfi75  , notice that the tokens " 8 " and " D " match distinct leafs in the Regex tree and the deepest common ancestor corresponds to the node whose regular expression is " \w " . Clearly  , providing individual phone numbers as seed examples would not achieve the desired behavior; the numbers may not even exist in the corpus. Add items to the search engine indices. To compute the recovery motions efficiently we use a discrete form of the problem  , and make use of dynamic programming techniques. refSch := "$ref": "# JPointer" Table 2: Grammar for JSON Schema Documents strSch := "type": "string"   , strRes  * strRes := minLength | maxLength | pattern minLength := "minLength": n maxLength := "maxLength": n pattern := "pattern": "regExp"  represent any possible JSON document and regExp to represent any regular expression. For more sophisticated rules  , cost functions were needed Sma97  to choose among many alternative query plans. During the testing phase  , recommendations are made to users for items that are similar to those they have rated highly. We create CNNs in the Theano framework 29 using stochastic gradient descent with momentum with one convolutional layer  , followed by a max-pooling layer and three fully connected layers. Section 4 addresses the hidden graph as a random graph. An additional interesting property of the new lattice-based skyline computation paradigm is that the performance of LS is independent of the underlying data distribution. Our experiments with feature selections also demonstrate that near-optimal accuracy can be achieved with just four variables  , the inverse document frequency value of author's last name and the similarity between author's middle name  , their affiliations' tfidf similarity   , and the difference in publication years. The Pearson correlation between the elements of M and MΦ is However  , we use Kendall-τ as our final evaluation measure for comparing the rankings of systems produced by full set and a subset of queries. , luv as well as regular expressions for capturing compound morphing are constructed from HF and Wilson terms  , applied to the LF term set  , and refined iteratively in a manner similar to the repeat-character refinement steps describe above. Depending on the delay condition  , HERB either simultaneously released the block no delay or waited until its head was fully turned and then released the block delay  , Fig- ure 2. Our current implementation is based on rule-based query optimization. Query optimization is a fundamental and crucial subtask of query execution in database management systems. As the diagram shows  , we label each node in the binary hierarchy with the set of child nodes from the original hierarchy that are below it. mobile search offers three distinctive mobile search application platforms: a widget-based Yahoo! The model consists of a set of states  , which represent the states of the application  , and a set of state transitions labeled with the names of the actions that trigger the transitions. Enumerative search techniques are very inefficient as the search space becomes too large to explore. 0 Theorem 2.1 is a rather negative result  , since it implies that queries might require time which is exponential in the size of the db-graph  , not only the regular expression   , for their evaluation. The speedup is calculated as the query execution time when the optimization is not applied divided by the optimized time. The input to our method is the search log interaction data gathered from consenting users of a toolbar deployed by a commercial search engine. More precisely  , we demonstrate features related to query rewriting  , and to memory management for large documents. We empirically show the benefits of plan refinement and the low overhead it adds to the cost of query optimization. For notational simplicity  , we assume that each regular expression in a conjunctive query Q is distinct. Focused crawling  , while quite efficient and effective does have some drawbacks. In this section  , we will attempt to determine whether the choice of retrieval model has a bigger impact on the behavior rather than the performance of a search engine than does parameter tuning. Because Hogwild! Tab.2  , B represents the Pearson correlation matrix of the pairs of the five domain features over the small dataset. Encounters between robots black lines as well as loop closing constraints red lines within a trajectory are generated by scan matching. 4.9  , DJ already maintains the minimal value of all primary keys in its own internal statistics for query optimization. A major challenge is then to design a distributed programming model that provides a dynamic layout capability without compromising on explicit programmability of the layout thereby improving system scalability and yet retains as much as possible the local programming language model thereby improving programming scalability. Furthermore  , to the best of our knowledge  , SLIDIR is the first system specifically designed to retrieve and rank synthetic images. Results on generating routes using an efficient form of dynamic programming are described in Section 5. Constraints expressed in logical formulas are often very expensive to check. Similarly  , a control segment search is a search related to the category of the control advertisement. Additional controls support conditional flow  , dynamic type checking  , synchronisation  , iteration etc. In our experiments  , we observe that adding the author component tends to improve the recommendation quality better so we first tune α  , which yields different f-scores  , as shown by the blue curve in Fig. Figure 4: ILI visits percentage forecasting performance on the Pearson correlation and p-value for VA and CT in 3 seasons In the experiment  , evaluators assessed Queriability and Informativeness manually with the source files of data sets. They showed that if the other agents' policies are stationary then the learning agent will converge to some stationary policy as well. template. The data was provided via a widely available mobile search and navigation application installed on the iPhone and Android platforms. Finally  , the most complex query Show me all songs from Bruce Springsteen released between 1980 and 1990 contains a date range constraint and was found too hard to answer by all systems evaluated in the QALD evaluation 5. In addition  , to better understand the directionality of the features   , we also report in Pearson product moment correlation   , and the point-biserial correlation in the case of the classifier  , between the feature values and the ground truth labels in our dataset. Teleport 62 proved to be the most thorough of a group of crawlers that included WebSphinx 38  , Larbin 56  , and Web-Glimpse 35. This confirms earlier findings that the MLP can be slower by 1–2 orders of magnitude  , and has a direct dependence on the size of the training set 27. Moreover  , these are expressed by the data type and the regular expression of XML schema. On the other hand  , in the SQL tradition  , W3QL was a declarative query language that offered opportunities for optimization. Thus  , to efficiently maintain an up-to-date collection of hidden-Web sources  , a crawling strategy must perform a broad search and simultaneously avoid visiting large unproductive regions of the Web. And or learning  , we proposed Switching Q-lear ning in which plural Q-tables are used alternately according to dead-lock situations. Here  , we present MQSearch: a realization of a search engine with full support for measured information. That means the in memory operation account for significant part in the evaluation cost and requires further work for optimization. The features are listed in Table Iand extend the set proposed in 3 and 4. The # sign denotes arbitrary occurrences of any regular expressions. To remain in the scope of the use cases discussed  , the examples are chosen from the BSH BMEcat products catalog  , within the German e-commerce marketplace.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. The search results appeared either below the search box  , or in a different tab depending on user's normal search preferences  , in the original search engine result format. We use the Pearson correlation between the prediction values assigned to a set of queries by a predictor and the ground-truth average precision AP@1000 which is determined based on relevance judgements. , until a complete plan for the query has been chosen. For the time being  , we execute both user defined functions and normal DBMS code within the same address space. Ct In general it is an intractable task to enumerate all possible y. More specifically  , after learning a quality prediction function Q using 10% of the training data  , we apply it to the remaining 90% of the training data  , by multiplying the learned weight vector w with the text feature vectors of the held-out reviews. Comparing the running times we observe that MaxMiner is the best method for this type of data. Previous work in this area has assigned continuous ranking scores to essays and used the Pearson product-moment correlation or r  , between the human graders and the computer grader as the criteria1 measure . None of the participants looked through more than a couple of search result pages. The reason why we just use the directed version of the M-HD is that our goal is to check if a pedestrian similar to the template is in the image  , but the distance measure of the other direction may include the information about dissimilarity between non-pedestrian edges in the environment and our template image so that an unreasonable large amount of undirected M-HD occurs. If a regular expression matched one or more paragraphs  , those paragraphs were extracted for further feature engineering. But they are not consecutive  , and with a second resolution  , the problem disappears. In the case of merger and acquisition deals  , we also identify companies  , names of financial advisors such as investment banks  , dates  , industry sectors. Thus  , we only need to estimate the gradient with a very small subset 10 −4 sample rate is adopted in our method of training pairs sampled from R at each iteration. It follows that transformation of SDM into FSDM increases the importance of bigram matches  , which ultimately improves the retrieval performance  , as we will demonstrate next. In the procedure for converting an SDTD into an XVPA defined in Theorem 1  , we chose a deterministic finite state automaton Dm corresponding to every regular expression dm. Our work is significantly different from the research on repeated search results since our targeting recommendation domain is fundamentally different with the search domain where the latter needs users' search queries to drive users' click behaviors. When viewed as a specification pattern  , these rules take the form of the regular expression a + b. Therefore  , it may also be problematic to evaluate a system purely by whether or not it can improve search performance of a query in a search session and the magnitude of the improvement. Future work is to experiment with other heuristics like the Dubins car model. We alternatively execute Stage I and Stage II until the parameters converge. For example   , a topic-focused best-first crawler 9 retrieves only 94 Movie search forms after crawling 100 ,000 pages related to movies. Federated search has been a hot research topic for a decade. The test document collection is more than one hundred thousand electronic medical reports. This learning rate was found to give optimal convergence speed vs final MSE  , however any learning rate within the range of 0.01 to 0.04 gave comparable results. We are currently studying methods by which we can improve the RS programming language. In section 4  , the method of simulated annealing is used to drive the cost. A much more convenient way for accessing these collections would be connecting them within a single search interface  , applying the common meta search technique. This research has been co-financed by the European Union European Social Fund ESF and Greek national funds through the Operational Program " Education and Lifelong Learning " of the National Strategic Reference Framework NSRF -Research Funding Program: Heracleitus II. where σ −1 i represents the item ranked in position i of σ  , and |Ru| is the length of user u's rating profile. We modified the scoring scripts to provide both strict and lenient scores. Nevertheless  , since this work is the first step toward our final goal  , our model is yet to cover all the aspects of location-based social search. From left to right  , the participants are shown with respect to decreasing mean number of comments over all 15 weeks. The mini-batch size of the stochastic gradient descent is set as 1 for all the methods. For example most of the mentioned factors are implemented in the BMEcat standard 10. Learning Inference limit the ability of a model to represent the questions. As we can see  , the best result is provided by RL D-2 99.31%  , 20.09 sec. 2 As for coverage  , SNRS has a stable performance of around 0.7. It should be pointed out that some operations sequences are non-regular in the sense that they cannot be specified by regular expres- sions. Further  , ROLEX accepts a navigational profile associated with a view query and uses this profile in a costbased optimizer to choose a best-cost navigational query plan. , the system has to maintain multiple versions of the potentially large dataset. This will enable users to find and contribute to the best threads  , as well as provide the search users with the most useful other users with whom they could interact  , become friends and develop meaningful communications. In particular  , M3 uses the statistics to estimate the cardinality of both The third strategy  , denoted M3 in what follows  , is a variant of M2 that employs full quad-based query optimization to reach a suitable physical query plan. These experiences can then lead the robot to explore interesting areas in the solution space rather than randomly searching without any experiences at the early stage of learning. In that sense  , we have presented a new framework for integrating external predicates into Datalog. , her query with the awareness of the pre-search context i.e. The pairwise distance function is learned using a random forest. , Rn−1}  , including the set itself. For 2  , the reduction is from DISJOINT PATHS  , whose NP-completeness follows immediately from results in FHw801. Definition 1. Some researchers minimize a convex upper bound 17 on the objective above: The central challenge in learning to rank is that the objective q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y is highly discontinuous; its gradient is either zero or undefined at any given point w. The vast majority of research on learning to rank is con-cerned with approximating the objective with more benign ones that are more tractable for numerical optimization of w. We review a few competitive approaches in recent work. Clearly  , sponsored search is useful for search engines since it is a source of revenue for them. When starting a search  , readers could select either a quick search  , an advanced search or a recommendation page as their point of departure. The optimization in Eq. We can then rewrite the dynamic programming formulations in terms of these lists of nodes. In principle  , the sub-optimal task sequence planning can be implemented by integrating the computation of the step motion times with simulated annealing. In this paper we introduce new methods to diversify image search results. In a classic search engine  , the users enter their search terms and then request the system to search for matching results. The Dienst protocol provides two functions for querying a collection: Simple Search and Fielded Search. This na¨ıvena¨ıve approach to construct the mini-batches for stochastic gradient descent has two main drawbacks. The approach matches each test page with the learnt template  , segment the web page into set of sections  , and assigns importance to each section  , using template learning  , and page level spatial and content features. Consider Figure 1a  , which depicts a sample search submitted to a major search engine. This assumption is also validated by our experiments Section 7. , there is a D-dimensional intents vector for each query. , Qπ in our case is the AP of the  mutation π. Note that value iteration can be considered as a form of Dynamic Programming. For any regular expression  , we allow concatenation AND and plus OR to be commutative and define a commuted regular expression of regular expression e to be any regular expression that can be derived from e by a sequence of zero or more commutative operations. Experiments over widely used benchmarks have shown very good results with respect to other approaches  , in terms of both effectiveness and efficiency. The link between a question and the production of the KDB component may be seen as a relation more than a function since the output may be multiple. , short query  , top 10 systems  , etc. While query and clickthrough logs from search engines have been shown to be a valuable source of implicit supervision for training retrieval methods  , the vast majority of users' browsing behavior takes place beyond search engine interactions. The approach is based on applying the Cross Entropy optimization method 13 upon permutations of the list. Such standards can significantly help to improve the automatic exchange of data. In the data of all tweets  , a retweet can be recognized if it is a regular expression of the kind RT {user name}:{text}. The results of the study were evaluated with respect to the agreement between the actual gender of a user and our predicted preference for one of the two female-biased or male-biased news streams. In the area of Semantic Query Optimization  , starting with King King81  , researchers have proposed various ways to use integrity constraints for optimization. The three formulae shown above define two binary and one unary operation on YxV. is maximized  , where N wi is the number of nodes in wi and dwi is its total internal degree. Simulated annealing SA is implemented to optimize the global score S in Equation 1. We looked at the activity signatures of 321 workers who had at least one complete signature and had completed the NER task. Answers question page in the search results once seeing it. Many learning sessions have been performed  , obtaining quickly good results. The results with and without the pipelining optimization are shown in Figure 17. The extension of BBC to Pearson Correlation Pearson Distance makes it applicable to a variety of biological datasets where finding small  , dense clusters is criti- cal. While our techniques are fully general  , we have emphasized the fixed level cases in our reporting so that we can make comparisons with results in the literature. Max-Miner 2 uses a heuristic bottom-up search to identify frequent patterns as early as possible. The convergence of the estimated Qvalues   , ˆ Qs  , a  , to their optimal values  , ⋆ Qs  , a  , was proven in 4 under the conditions that each state-action pair is updated infinitely often  , rewards are bounded and α tends asymptotically to 0. issues from a viewpoint of robot learning: a coping with a " state-action deviation " problem which occurs in constructing the state and action spaces in accordance with outputs from the physical sensors and actuators   , and b learning from easy missions mechanism for rapid task learning instead of task decomposition. For instance  , unless in expert mode  , options that require a regular expression to be entered are suppressed. Furthermore  , service descriptions can include statistical information used for query optimization. The basic idea behind our approach is similar in spirit to the one proposed by Hammcr5 and KingS for knowledge-based query optimization  , in the sense that we are also looking for optimization by semantic transformation. We use scikit-learn 28 as the implementation of the Random Forest Classifier. All the models are trained on the rest 6192 unannotated users with weak supervision  , and the experimental results are list in Table 8  , where we used sign-test for validating the improvement over the baselines. The idea behind EasyEnsemble is quite simple. This optimization problem can be solved by dynamic programming. In this paper we present a new and unique approach to dynamic sensing strategies. CONTEX is a deterministic machine-learning based grammar learner/parser that was originally built for MT Hermjakob  , 1997. By correlating drive-by download samples  , we propose a novel method to generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs to detect drive-by downloads. All were confirmed to be real duplicates. However  , their method uses thousands of features extracted from hundreds of posts per person. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to consider the problem of refreshing result entries in search engine caches. The purpose of this search procedure is to locate points on the object's surface which are suitable places to position the robot's fingers . The correlation coefficient is then computed for two of these vectors  , returning values in the range -1 ,+1. Semantic Accuracy: We observed an SP of 91.92 % for the OWL-S TC query dataset. is one regular expression defined for the month symbol. Several new operations are needed to manipulate labels with properties. As a result  , it is best suited for performing; a number of off line simulations and then using the best one out of those to reconfigure the robot instead of real time application. To the best of our knowledge  , the SSTM is the first model that accommodates a variety of spatiotemporal patterns in a unified fashion. We followed Chapelle et al. The main idea is to keep the same machinery which has made syntactic search so successful  , but to modify it so that  , whenever possible  , syntactic search is substituted by semantic search  , thus improving the system performance. The entire search log is collected and stored by a single entity  , such as a search engine company. However  , unlike query optimization which must necessarily preserve query equivalence  , our techniques lead to mappings with better semantics  , and so do not preserve equivalence. First  , the number of positive examples would put a lower bound on the mini-batch size. N is the number of stochastic gradient descent steps. In the following we describe the two major components of our demonstration: 1 the validity range computation and CHECK placement  , and 2 the re-optimization of an example query. The decomposition uses a combination of heuristic and dynamic programming strategies. This file contains various classes of optimization/translation rules in a specific syntax and order. Part-Of-Speech POS tags have often been considered as an important discriminative feature for term identification. Such a query can be encoded as a regular expression with each Ri combined using an " OR " clause and this regular expression based query can be issued as an advanced search to a search engine. * in popular regular expression syntaxes. Their analyzer approximates the value of a string expression in a Java program with a regular language instead of a context-free language. It makes us believe that a prediction framework based on traditional position factors and the newly proposed visual saliency information may be a better way than existing solutions in modeling the examination behavior of search users. Simulated annealing takes a fixed number R of rounds to explore the solution space. Our approach incorporates a traditional query optimizer T&O  , as a component. Since this technique focuses on predicting each user's rating on an unrated item  , we refer to it as pointwise CF. Good object-oriented programGing relies on dynamic binding for structuring a program flow of control -00 programming has even been nicknamed " case-less programming " . We base such evaluation on a dataset with 50K observations ad  , dwellT ime  , which refer to 2.5K ads provided by over 850 advertisers. The open angle bracket < is used as a special escape character  , hence we make sure that it Figure 1: System Overview does not appear in the source text  , which is either a question or a passage. A chunk of training data containing K 0 observations will be used to initialize the system  , achieving the initial hidden layer matrix H 0   , the initial output weight matrix Q As the cognitive component of McFELM is based on OS- ELM  , our proposed method also contains two phases  , namely the initialization phase and sequential learning phase. The above result shows large correlation of the predicted voice quality and human annotated voice quality. Table 2adds an additional level of detail to the PRODUCT → PRODUCT DETAILS structure introduced in Fig. A graph's assortativity coefficient AS is a value in -1 ,1 calculated as the Pearson correlation coefficient of the degrees of all connected node pairs in the graph. Like Q-learning. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to use a weighted-multiple-window-based approach in a language model for association discovery. Below  , we vary this bound and see how it influences the correlation between o✏ine metrics and interleaving. All of the search tasks adopted in this study are selected from real-world commercial search logs so that they contain the practical users' search intention some example tasks are shown in Table 1. A regular expression domain can infer a structure of $0-9 ,Parsing is easy because of consistent delimiter. The construction resembles that of an automaton for a regular expression. 1 Correlation Between Objective functions and Parame­ ters: The correlation between the parameters and objectives is assessed by computing the Pearson correlation coefficient R as a summary statistic. Question 4 presented a mimic search box and asked the subject to input an appropriate query into the search box to find documents relevant to the search intent presented in Question 3. Fortunately problem 3 is in a form suitable for induction with dynamic programming . News has traditionally been delivered in pre-packaged forms originally in newspapers   , which h a ve subsequently been joined by radio and television broadcasts  , and most recently by internet news services. Neither method regular expressions or language model for classifying questions was ideal. Table 1 shows the Pearson correlation coecient between the frequency of the physical image requests in the past the training period of the experiments reported in Section 4.2 and the frequency of the same physical image requests in the future the testing period of the experiments . Answers question page in the SERPs  , 81% of the searchers who turned to More likely in SearchAsk queries Words to  , a  , be  , i  , how  , do  , my  , can  , what  , on  , in  , the  , for  , have  , get  , with  , you  , if  , yahoo  , it First words how  , what  , can  , be  , why  , i  , do  , my  , where  , yahoo  , if  , when  , 0000  , a  , will  , 00  , best  , who  , which  , should Content words yahoo  , 00  , use  , 0  , work  , song  , old  , help  , make  , need  , like  , change  , year  , good  , long  , mail  , answer  , email  , want  , know More likely in SearchOnly queries Words facebook  , youtube  , google  , lyric  , craigslist  , free  , online  , new  , bank  , game  , map  , ebay  , county  , porn  , tube  , coupon  , recipe  , home  , city  , park First words facebook  , youtube  , google  , craigslist  , ebay  , the  , you  , gmail  , casey  , walmart  , amazon  , *rnrd  , justin  , facebook .com  , mapquest  , netflix  , face  , fb  , selena  , home Content words facebook  , youtube  , google  , craigslist  , lyric  , free  , bank  , map  , ebay  , online  , county  , porn  , tube  , coupon  , recipe  , anthony  , weather  , login  , park  , ca Therefore  , users in SearchAsk sessions are about twice as likely as in SearchOnly sessions to click on a Yahoo! Soubbotin and Soubbotin 18 mention different weights for different regular expression matches  , but they did not describe the mechanism in detail nor did they evaluate how useful it is. Though real-time dynamic programming converges to an optimal solution quickly  , several modifications are proposed to further speed-up the convergence. A wide representation of different programming languages can explain this fact. SGD requires gradients  , which can be effectively calculated as follows: Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. This means that the program generated an optimal schedule with the same makespan in a much shorter time using function h2m. character also deenes a sentence boundary unless the word token appears on a list of 206 common abbreviations or satisses the following awk regular expression: ^A-Za-zzz. A-Za-zzz.+||A-ZZ.||A-Zbcdfghj-np-tvxzz++.$$ The tokenizing routine is applied to each of the top ranked documents to divide it into "sentences". We download the unique web pages of deleted questions in our experimental dataset and employ a regular expression to extract this information. Such a template can be converted to a non deterministic regular expression by replacing hole markers with blocks of " any character sequence " which would be . First it is to be stated that from the view of price modeling BMEcat catalogs have a three-stage document structure: 1 The document header HEADER can be used for setting defaults for currency and territory  , naming the buyer and giving references to relevant In the example header we set the default currency  , name the buyer and refer to an underlying agreement with a temporal validity: If we look at the transformations  , we see different transformation types. The assumption is reasonable given the patterns of acknowledgments described in the introduction. In Section 2 we define our basic concepts and our model of program execution and testing. Figure 5shows the DAG that results from binary scoring assuming independent predicate scoring for the idf scores of the query in Figure 3. Eventually robot has a single color TV camera and does not know the locationis  , the sizes and the weights of the ball and the other agent  , any camera parameters such as focal length and tilt angle  , or kinematics/dynamics of itself . Since traditional active learning approaches cannot directly applied to query selection in ranking  , we compare it with random query selection denoted by Random-Q used in practice. Admissible functions are optimistic. In this paper  , we presented CyCLaDEs  , a behavioral decentralized cache for LDF clients. We can learn an extraction expression  , specifically the regular expression E 1 = α·table·tr·td·font * ·p * ·b·p * ·font *   , from these two paths. We don't find iliis property in other methods such as Simulated Annealing 1  , Tabou research  , or local search. cluding all search portal events from a search session  , if there is a search event immediately after a browse event  , we call the tuple {URL  , query} a " browse → search " pattern where URL is the page visited in the browse event and query is extracted from the search event. A set of completing  , typing information is added  , so that the number of tags becomes higher.  QALD-2: The Question Answering over Linked Data challenge aims to answer natural language questions e.g. 21 used dynamic programming for hierarchical topic segmentation of websites. Product Search and Bing Shopping. He was most recently Founder and CEO of Powerset  , a semantic search startup Microsoft acquired in 2008. is currently Partner  , Search Strategist for Bing  , Microsoft's new search engine. Every time the user performs a search  , the search engine returns the results and also updates a cookie that the browser stores on the user's machine with the latest search. Fortunately  , sensor images are often observed in a local context: the complete situation is not of particular interest and a subspace containing all necessary information for determining the action values can be found. We develop a sparse semi-supervised multi-label learning formulation in Section 4 to mitigate the effects of biases introduced in automatic training set generation. A learning method which optimizes for accuracy would choose h2 since that results in a higher accuracy score  , but this yields a suboptimal MAP score. Another ap- proach 19 is to learn regular expression-like rules for data in each column and use these expressions to recognize new examples. We are specifically considering templates that are classified to be graspable. Second  , we will study  , using well chosen parameters  , which searching scheme is the best for frequent k-n-match search. We divide information used for modeling user search intents into two categories – long-term history and short-term context. For clarity we used the types regular-dvd and discount-dvd rather than the cryptic types dvd 1 and dvd 2 of Example 3. If a relevant video was located on the first page or so of search results  , then it was selected for viewing; otherwise  , another search was entered. 19851. Note that the gathering of the service descriptions and the generation of the service functions is periodically repeated in order to accommodate the possible changes in the underlying DL infrastructure. The reasons are two-folded. Edit distance captures the amount of overlap between the queries as sequences of symbols and have been previously used in information retrieval 4  , 14  , 28. Query optimization in general is still a big problem. A set regular path query Q ΞΨ Ð R describes a relation between two sets  , based on a regular expression R together with two quantifiers Ξ and Ψ. 6 A similar threshold has been used to demarcate search sessions in previous work on search engine switching 16 and in related studies of user search behavior 20 ,26. CN2 consists of two main procedures: the search procedure that performs beam search in order to find a single rule and the control procedure that repeatedly executes the search. The goal of learning-to-rank is to find a scoring function f x that can minimize the loss function defined as: Let P Q denote the probability of observing query Q  , based on the underlying distribution of queries in the universe Q of all possible queries that users can issue together with all possible result combinations. In practice  , the test searcher did not face any time constraints. On this basis  , we utilize stochastic gradient descent to conduct the unconstrained optimization. Then  , we can check whether the context-free language obtained by the analyzer is disjoint with this set. Moreover   , there is no significant correlation between B and the number of relevant documents Pearson r = 0.059. Second  , some verticals have a search interface through which users directly search for vertical content. For this we encode a zero-recall search to alphabet Z and non-zero recall search to alphabet S. Detail page view obtained by click on a search result is converted to V whereas purchases are encoded to P . The " defect " of a ranking y wrt the ideal ranking y q is encoded in a loss function 17 Regular path expression queries RPE that contain " # " and " * " need to be expanded to SPE queries first  , then translated into SQL statements. This work can be characterized as demonstrating the utility of learning explicit models to allow mental simulation while learning 2. This would require extending the described techniques  , and creating new QA benchmarks. In FS98 two optimization techniques for generalized path expressions are presented  , query pruning and query rewriting using state extents. Williams 1988   , for example  , illustrates how JSD could be defined as a regular expression see  , Figure 9b. The grasp synthesis procedure can be viewed as a search procedure ll. Also  , a simple path expression may contain a regular expression or " wildcards " as described in AQM + 97. There are many different schemes for choosing Δλ. Compared to C4.5 a random forest ensemble created using log 2 n + 1 attributes is very good and RTB- 20 is the best by a rather small increment. Admissible heuristic function guarantees to find optimal solutions  , that means the cheapest 1 path from start to goal node if the path exists. The idea behind learning is to find a scoring function that results in the most sensitive hypothesis test. A recent work 30 also propose to incorporate content salience into predicting user attention on SERPs. As concepts are nouns or noun phrases in texts  , only word patterns with the NP tag are collected. The query optimizer makes use of transformation rules which create the search space of query plan alternatives. The first regular expression to match defines the component parts of that section. In our experiments with asynchronous Q-Learning  , the system appears to forget as soon as it learns. Here we ran experiments first with a large initial search space. Finally  , there is growing concern about the fact that the world is dependent on a few quasi-monopolistic search engines. 3.1  , the geometric mean heuristics as in 6 poses some challenge to be implemented in the word synchronous fashion. 22 presented an alignment method to identify one-to-one Chinese and English title pairs based on dynamic programming. The original method  , referred to as query prioritization QP   , cannot be used in our experiments because it is defined as a convex optimization that demands a set of initial judgments for all the queries. The controller is based on the real-time dynamic programming technique of Barto  , Bradtke & Singh 1994 . Question mark applied to an atom  , e.g. We run each generated crawler over the corresponding Web site of Table 2two more times. Taking everything into consideration   , we decided to offer self-learning search as-a-service  , a middleware layer sitting between the e-commerce site and the client's existing search infrastructure. b represents the numbero f states explored and the trial  , in which an equilibrium was found  , as a functions of the initial value of α. games with the opponent modeling via fictitious play. An important factor for topic segmentation is the performance of each component of the system. , writing regular expression scripts to parse the input data and recognize the existence of each feature in the input. In 6  , a multiple alignment method is proposed using multidimensional dynamic programming. For all a ∈ Ase  , we write the search engine's Q-function  , which represents the search engine agent's long term reward  , as: In Random Forest  , we  already randomly select features when building the trees. As the performance demonstration of the proposed method  , we apply this method on navigation tasks. We also write some regular expression to match some type of entities . Properties. Finally  , some concluding remarks are given in Section 5 . The parallel query plan will be dete&iined by a post optimization phase after the sequential query optimization . Each online merchant can then use this rich manufacturer information to augment and personalize their own offering of the product in question. We find minimal correlation  , with a Pearson coefficient of 0.07. The basic criteria for the applicability of dynamic programming to optimization problems is that the restriction of an optimal solution to a subsequence of the data has to be an optimal solution to that subsequence. Finally  , we note that query containment has also been used in maintenance of integrity constraints 19  , 15  and knowledge-base ver- ification 26. We develop a query optimization framework to allow an optimizer to choose the optimal query plan based on the incoming query and data characteristics. The most essential and unique characteristic of FarGo is its extensive support for programming the dynamic layout separately from the application's logic. Although some of this dynamic machinery may be accidental and dangerous rather than essential   , the core of this pattern is support for highly configurable user interfaces. We wrote a parser combinator to parse an SVG path into a sequence of underlying operations . Data is not replicated and is guaranteed to be fresh at query time. The corresponding feature vector ϕq  , c would then have two binary features ϕq  , c = 1  , if c is last click; 0 else 1  , if c is not last click; 0 else . An example of generated classification tree is shown in Figure 1due to limited space  , we just show the left-hand subtree of the root node. We conducted experiments with various tf · idf variants and found that the following seems to be suited best for this particular task: Search Concept is not fully modelled here  , in addition to Term and Author  , it has conjunctions  , dis- junctions  , and negations as subcortcepts. After the sparse codes for all training data are obtained  , an eigensystem of a small matrix Q ∈ R K×K is solved in OK 3  time to obtain the projection matrix W and corresponding hash functions. In fact  , if we consider the width and the depth of a tree as its largest width and depth  , respectively  , we noted that trees are on average 2.48 wider than deeper. The idea of dynamic programming has been used in find the optimal path of a vehicle on a terrain by including the consideration of forhidden region and the slope. ARRANGER works as follows: First  , the best ranking functions learned from the training set are stored and the rest are discarded. Coefficients greater than ±0.5 with statistical significant level < 0.05 are marked with a * . Some search engines try to improve the quality of search results by analysing the link structure of web resources. Since vague queries occur most often in interactive systems  , short response times are essential. It seems a reasonable assumption that the influence of perceptual speed on search performance occurs primarily in a small number of tasks. What happens when considering complex queries ? Object-oriented OO programming has many useful features   , such as information hiding  , encapsulation  , inheritance  , polymorphism  , and dynamic binding. A search within this structure is faster than a naive search as long as the number of examined nodes is bounded using a fast approximate search procedure. Section 2 describes how we achieve manual but lead through programming by controlling the dynamic behavior of the robot. Satakirjasto Sata is a traditional public library online catalog providing users with quick search  , advanced search and a browsing option. Given a search query  , ResearchIndex retrieves either the documents document option for which the content match best the query terms  , or the citations citation option that best matches the query terms. The main idea in the rule-based name recognition tool is to first search for full names within the text at hand. For the brand related searches  , we identified the most salient brand associated with each advertisement and define a brand search either target or control as a search that includes the brand name. We relax this restriction and allow the alignment to a paragraphs in the near past within 5% of the total number of paragraphs. Another unique aspect of FarGo is how dynamic layout is integrated with the overall architecture of the application. Without the congregation property  , the best known technique for maximizing the breach probability is the dynamic-programming technique developed in 14. The Pearson R coefficient of correlation is 0.884  , which is significant at the 0.05 level two-tailed. For purposes of this research white space is any character matching the regular expression " \s " as defined in the Java pattern class. Distributions for random variables X s Q u b may be obtained by learning a score distribution P X s i  for each join input i. medium-or coarse-grained locking  , limited support for queries  , views  , constraints  , and triggers  , and weak subsets of SQL with limited query optimization. CyCLaDEs source code is available at: https://github.com/pfolz/cyclades 3 . Since deterministic regular expressions like a * define infinite languages  , and since every non-empty finite language can be defined by a deterministic expression as we show in the full version of this paper 9  , it follows that also the class of deterministic regular expressions is not learnable in the limit. For control applications  , they should optimise certain cost functions  , e.g. The number of segments and their end points can now be determined efficiently using dynamic programming. We generate the domain names for the hostnames and replace HIC1 using the domain names and IP addresses to get the regular expression signatures. Such systems tend to produce high but fixed information quality levels  , but at a high cost also fixed. At last  , we chose 13 questions from QALD and 13 questions from WebQuestions . Dynamic programming is efficient because it confines its search to only those trajectories capable of reaching the goal. This strategy consists in generating the various plans in a bottom-up manner  , as follows. The best fit between the number of trees and the learning time is given by the function T ime = #T rees · 0.22 1.65 with an adjusted R 2 coecient of 0.96. All participants used the same search system which resembled a standard search engine. , regular expressions in the WHERE clause of the general FORSEQ expression. a t states I and params p  , Q  p   , ~   , u    , employing a Q-learning rule. Our primary contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first study that both proposes a theoretical framework for eliminating selection bias in personal search and provides an extensive empirical evaluation using large-scale live experiments. When query optimization occurs prior to execution  , resource requests must be deferred until runtime. Actually  , the fact of switching can be unambiguously detected only in a small part of the search sessions performed by users who installed the browser or the special browser toolbar plugin developed by a search engine 10. Using the same set of real user queries  , these search modes included: 1 a global search of the directory from the root node  , 2 a localized search of the relevant sub-directories using global idfs  , and 3 a localized search of the relevant sub-directories using the appropriate dynamically-calculated local idfs. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first search engine with such support for measured information. We discuss this optimization problem in more detail in Section 4. Top PZR search trail is done by a novice user whereas the lower PZR search trail is done by a power user. To overcome the shortcomings of each optimization strategy in combination with certain query types  , also hybrid optimizers have been proposed ON+95  , MB+96. The blackbox ADT approach for executing expensive methods in SQL is to execute them once for each new combination of arguments. The findings can help improve user interface design for expert search. Service call invocations will be tracked and displayed to illustrate query optimization and execution. System R also uses a bottomup enumerator and interleaves costing  , but does not prune the logical space as aggressively as greedy search techniques  , and augments the search with dynamic programming. To our knowledge  , Mariposa was never deployed or simulated on more than a dozen machines  , and offered no new techniques for query execution  , only for query optimization and storage replication. More specifically  , property-path expressions are regular expressions over properties edge labels in the graph. For each user engagement proxy  , we trained a random forest RF classifier using the feature set described in Section 4.2. considered the problem of choosing the production rates of an N-machine Aowshop by formulating a stochastic dynamic programming problem. Relationship between the number of AGV and average of duality gap route for the entire AGV is always generated taking the entire AGV into account. is a Pearson correlation between the ranks of the active user and the user i concerning objects in X ai . For any price p  , the expected remaining revenue is: Search interfaces of specialized Web-Collections offer individual search options to facilitate access to their documents. This year  , we devised another alternative fusion weight determination method called Auto-Fusion Optimization. , m q } where y qi = r which means i-th pair has rank r. The NDCG score for scene q is defined as 29 This is made difficult by the necessary trade-off between optimization cost and quality of the generated plans the latter translates into query execution cost. If only one search term was responsible for the retrieval of the relevant document  , that term was assigned a retrieval weighting of 1; but  , if more than one search term was responsible for the retrieval of a document  , each search term was assigned a proportional retrieval weighting. the input threshold. No suggestion provided by the spell-checker matches the regular expression generated by aligned outputs  , thus the word is correctly left unchanged. Finally  , the predictors proposed in this work outperform those in the literature  , within this particular context. The distribution of hosts in the initial URL set are illustrated in Figure 2 . Figure 6 compares the emotion prediction results on the testing set. However   , there are two difficulties in calculating stochastic gradient descents. This is essentially a single-pair search for n constrained paths through a graph with n nodes. We use a popular LDC shingle dataset to perform two optimizations. The percentage increase of the cluster search over the inverted index search is also included in the The numbers in Table 2show that the cluster search requires a significant amount more disk spa~ than the inverted index search an increase of 70- 100%. In addition to the usual query parsing  , query plan generation and query parallelization steps  , query optimization must also determine which DOP to choose and on which node to execute the query. In previous work  , we used a simulated annealing method to find the local minimum 9. Future work will employ full multi-lingual and diverse temporal expression tagging  , such as that provided by HeidelTime 11  , to improve coverage and accuracy. Generating the full question was done in the following way: We start with the original question. Abraham Ittycheriah applied Machine Translation ideas to the Q/A 3. Dynamic programming is also a widely used method to approximately solve NP-hard problems 1.  , , YL94  , duplicate elimination removal PL94  , and DISTINCT pullup and pushdown  , should be applied to coalescing. In theory  , a tighter classification threshold causes more queries to be issued as uncharacteristic queries with a large search radius  , which results in lower search efficiency but can reach a higher percentage of the hubs. Dataset. It is of some interest that our " general " prediction model led to better performance improvement than out taskspecific models. Dynamic instrumentation is more effective at prioritizing leaks by volume on a particular execution. We evaluated the bid phrase recommendations of our multilabel random forest classifier on a test set of 5 million ads. We have presented and evaluated PLASTIC  , a valueaddition tool for query optimizers that attempts to efficiently and accurately predict  , given previous training instances   , what plans would be chosen by the optimizer for new queries. As a result  , large SPARQL queries often execute with a suboptimal plan  , to much performance detriment. After applying the substitution of Mj ,i  , a summary is hence generated within this iteration and the timeline is created by choosing a path in matrix M |H|×|T | . 1 Sponsored search refers to the practice of displaying ads alongside search results whenever a user issues a query. A dynamic programming approach is used to calculate an optimal  , monotonic path through the similarity matrix. The question type is identified for a group of question cue phrases. Unfortunately  , it is difficult to provide even limited programming capabilities to developers without exposing them to the full complexity of these Turing-complete languages and their associated data models e.g. The model extends the search capabilities of existing methods and can answer more complex search requests. Thus  , semantically  , the class of deterministic regular expressions forms a strict subclass of the class of all regular expressions. Also remember that the training period is 2011-2012 while the rest two seasons are both for testing. Thus the system has to perform plan migration after the query optimization. And then we propose a probabilistic model based approach to explore the blended search problem. Optimization of query plans using query information improves the performance of all alternatives  , and the addition of DTD-based optimizations improves them further. There is a need to investigate search problems on WoD. To solve the former  , they use a simple regular expression matching strategy  , which does not scale. There is one mapping path in the example. , with Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.15 in relation to the functional size by 'function points' and 0.100 for the size in 'lines of code'. In this section we formulate the value of a particular ad as a dynamic programming problem and use this formulation to derive the optimal bidding strategy for a particular ad. A key aspect in identifying patient cohorts is the resolution of demographic information. BMEcat allows to specify products using vendor-specific catalog groups and features  , or to refer to classification systems with externally defined categories and features. The search latency was controlled by using a clientside script that adjusted search latency by a desired amount of delay. This was due to problems with the data  , especially the lack of exhaustive relevance judgements. – Weight all papers with respect to similarity to the target  paper e.g. These variants can also be solved by dynamic programming. For each URL in our train and test sets  , we provided a feature to fRank which was how many times it had been visited by a toolbar user. At every region knowledge wurces are act ivatad consecutively completing alternative query evaluation plans. Moreover  , we show that each regular XPATH expression can be rewritten to a sequence of equivalent SQL queries with the LFP operator. 3. attribute vs. property: the meta-programming facility of scripting languages enables the addition of attributes to objects dynamically whereas their dynamic typing enables the attributes to have values of multiple types. It is not difficult to see that a regular expression exists for the tag paths in Table 1. It is interesting to note that only the regular expression for authors is not a CHARE. Our random forest is composed of binary trees and a weight associated with each tree. To illustrate how a missing category can affect search quality  , consider a category Water Park  , which is currently missing in a local search engine's taxonomy. Fig.9 shows the comparison of the Qvalue rate at probability 0.1. Therefore  , to estimate the novelty of the information provided by each trail source  , we first had to construct a model of each user's general interest in the query topic based on historic data. 13  , found search motivations such as navigational search  , informational search or resource finding. Unlike current extraction approaches  , we show that this framework is highly amenable to query optimization . In all our experiments  , the term frequency normalisation parameters are optimised using Simulated Annealing 15. This helped them get familiar with the interface. Given an estimate F *   , the problem is reduced to estimating maximum entropy model parameters λ that minimizes the quadratic loss in Equation 4. We repeated published experiments on a well-known dataset. A content expression is simply a regular expression ρ over the set of tokens ∆. We then use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise user similarity information. Finally  , consider the two major approaches to qitcry optimization for regular databases. Bang motions are produced by applying some control during a short time. The RNN implements a dynamical mapping between end-effector positions u and joint values q. The relation between observed CTR and the demoted grades is visualized by a scatter plot in Figure 2. Businesses consider sponsored links a reliable marketing and profit avenue  , and search engines certainly consider sponsored search a workable business model. Since the objective − log py decomposes into the sum of the negative log marginals  , we can use stochastic gradient descent with respect to users for training with GPFM. The impression is borne out by correlation measures. We should try our best to eliminate the time that the evaluators spend on SPARQL syntax. the two baselines  , when using a random forest as the base classifier. Learning the combination weight w can be conducted by maximizing the log-likelihood function using the iterative reweighted least squares method. In this section we evaluate the performance of the DARQ query engine. They do not report on the users' accuracy on the information-seeking tasks ad- ministered. First  , the current best partial solution is expanded its successors are added to the search graph by picking an unexpanded search state within the current policy. Our DP optimizer is  , for the most part  , a atraightforward implementation of dynamic programming 14. Subjects in Group A took extra time to set up their search target before actually beginning the search. To make sure that all participants see the same SERP in each search task  , we provided a fixed initial query and its corresponding first result page from a popular commercial search engine the same one which provides search logs for each task. Twitter For example  , if we observe Figure 1  , we can see two plots  , one of them corresponds to the relative frequency of EHEC cases as reported by RKI Robert Koch Institute RKI 2011  , and the other to the relative frequency of mentions of the keyword " EHEC " in the tweets collected during the months of May and June 2011. We augmented some of their P2P signatures to account for protocol changes and some new P2P applications. A small number of " search " operations were formulated using more than one search terms combined by Boolean operators 18.49% of which a tiny portion 0.1% were also formulated reusing previously issued result sets. However  , only joint trajectories far from these limits will be considered for comparison purposes. In order to avoid optimization of subexpressions for sort orders not of interest the bottom-up approach first optimizes the inner most query block producing a set of plans each corresponding to an interesting order. Another search paradigm for the LOD is faceted search/browsing systems  , which provide facets categories for interactive search and browsing 4 . A personalized search is currently missing that takes the interests of a user into account. The best 900 rules  , as measured by extended Laplace accuracy  , were saved. Length Longer requests are significantly correlated with success. The corresponding operation times are given in Notice h2m reduced the number of iterations quite significantly  , i.e. ODP advanced search offers a rudimentary " personalized search " feature by restricting the search to the entries of just one of the 16 main categories. Thus  , the first stage has become a bottleneck for the entire planner. The parameters of Q-learning and the exploration scheme are the same than in the previous experiments. For comparison purposes  , the corresponding plot for the Q-learning based controller and is also shown plot c and the knowledge-based controller plotb  , averaged over 500 epochs. However restricting attention to this class of rules means not to exploit the full potential of query optimization. the sholtest disw fhml the starting point a form of " best first " . Edit distance. However  , the methodological exploration limits them from being widely applicable to high-dimensional planning. For example  , a user may search for " blackberry " initially to learn about the Blackberry smartphone; however  , days or weeks later the same user may search for " blackberry " to identify the best deals on actually purchasing the device. , the least cost for evaluation is assumed. If the user cites a class  , the appropriate dynamic document could include the OMT diagram for the class  , its documentation  , and the header file and method bodies that implement the class. Using a high-level scripting language as means for monitoring-based layout programming   , adds another dimension of dynamicity. The entity types of our sample environment are given in Figs. The Pearson correlation comparison for k values between C4.5 and SV M is 0.46  , showing moderate correlation ; however  , r values are weakly negatively correlated at -0.35. Unlike Q­ learning  , QA-leaming not only considers the immediate reward  , it also takes the discounted future rewards into consideration. The second difficulty can be resolved by introducing imaginary tuples. In the rest of the experiments  , we configured Prophiler to use these classifiers. Users begin a search for web services by entering keywords relevant to the search goal. A simplr I ,RU type strategy like strategy W  , ignoring the query semantics  , performs very badly. For COG-OS  , the k value selected for C4.5 and SV M are moderately similar  , while r values are quite divergent. Our ideological slant measurements are also summarized in Table 2. After the candidate scene is selected by the priority-rating strategy  , its SIFT features are stored in a kd-tree and the best-bin-first strategy is used to search feature matches. 6 and 7. to analyze search performance. To estimate the effect of using 'n' Turkers  , we randomly sampled 'n' ratings for each annotation item n ∈ {1  , 40}. In order to test significance of the di↵erences in correlation values we used the 5/5 split procedure described above. For the example mentioned above  , our code produces the regular expression fs.\.*\.impl. Q-learning has been carried out and fitness of the genes is calculated from the reinforced Q-table. We analyzed the contribution of the various features to the model by measuring their average rank across the three classifiers   , as provided by the Random Forest. Question Answering over Linked Data QALD 8 evaluation campaigns aim at developing retrieval methods to answer sophisticated question-like queries. Optimization techniques are discussed in Section 3. The roots of these trees  , surrounding the moved obstacle  , indicate where the forest is split. This set of differential equations has the same time conHere  , an artificial training example i.e. To this end  , we generate and then try to apply two types of patterns  , expressed in terms of a regular expression: one is aimed at describing author names the element regular expression  , or EREG  , and the other aimed at describing groups of delimiters between names the glue characters regular expression or GREG. NL interfaces are attractive for their ease-of-use  , and definetely have a role to play  , but they suffer from a weak adequacy: habitability spontaneous NL expressions often have no FL counterpart or are ambiguous  , expressivity only a small FL fragment is covered in general. The word segmentation is performed based on maximizing the segmented token probability via dynamic programming. Relational optimizers thus do global optimization by looking inside all referenced views. where y ∈ {0  , 1} are the label of instance vector x; X denotes the any of U  , Q or A  , which corresponds to the type of instance x. The purpose of this example is not to define new optimization heuristics or propose new optimization strategies. Then the probability is represented by the following recursive form: However  , on QALD-2  , whose queries are questions such as 'Who created Wikipedia'  , simple text similarity features are not as strong. Among the popular commercial search engines  , only a few offer the search option to limit a search session to a specified website. In this part  , we investigate the overall user search behavior change with regard to the change of the search environment with a deliberate setback. For instance  , for the setting of q = 1/4X2 used in our experiments  , and with appropriate assumptions about the random presentation of examples   , their results imply the following upper bound on the expected square loss of the vector w computed by WH:l Kivinen and Warmuth focus on deriving upper bounds on the error of WH and EG for various settings of the learning rate q. To verify the robustness of our approach to modeling inaccuracy and parameter perturbation  , simulations under four different situations have been carried out: a changc in2 to 1.5m2 ; b change m2 to 2m2 ; c change in2 to 1.5m2   , and add friction torques FICI  , d=20&  , F2q  , 4=20Ci2  , F3q9 4=20&; d changed m2 to 2m2   , with the same friction torques as c. The control we present here is designed to support thii kind of extensibility. To overcome this problem  , we used a statistical method introduced by Clifford et al. , the sales home page for BTO must rank first in the search results. Then we showed the extended method of connectionist Q-Learning for learning a behavior with continuous inputs and outputs . When a user performs a search  , the search engine often displays advertisements alongside search results. None of the classical methods perform as well. , LinARX  , LogARX  , MultiLinReg  , and SimpleLinReg typically achieves high Pearson correlation i.e. The Q-learning module of the ACT- PEN agent used a discount rate of 1.0 and actions were selected greedily from the current policy with ties being broken randomly. A permutation expression is such an example. Paraphrasing  , INSTANCE matches each optional sequence of arbitrary characters ¥ w+ tagged as a determiner DT  , followed optionally by a sequence of small letters a-z + tagged as an adjective JJ  , followed by an expression matching the regular expression denoted by PRE  , which in turn can be optionally followed by an expression matching the concatenation of MID and POST. As usual  , we write Lr for the language defined by regular expression r. The class of all regular expressions is actually too large for our purposes  , as both DTDs and XSDs require the regular expressions occurring in them to be deterministic also sometimes called one-unambiguous 15 . , Acrobat Reader and Chapter . This yields ρMAP  , Precision-Rel = 0.98 and ρMAP  , Recall-Rel = 0.97  , indicating strong dependency between quality of the mappings and search performance. We implemented this iterative dynamic programming technique for the motion of the wheel. For example  , here is the regular expression for the " transmit " relationship between two Documents: Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. The first and simplest heuristic investigates estimates of search engine's page counts for queries containing the artist to be classified and the country name. where xt ∼ r means that xt matches the regular expression r. For example  , sd700  , sd800 and sd850 all match the regular expression " a-z+0-9+ " in the pattern matching language. Further we conducted the same experiment with two slices removed at a time. The query optimization operation in the proposed form is restricted to the Boolean IR model since it presumes that the query results are distinct sets. A modular arrangement of optimization methods makes it possible to add  , delete and modify individual methods  , without affecting the rest. We employ a traditional dynamic programming based approach where the LCS length between two input strings LSQ1.m and LST 1.n is computed by finding the LCS lengths for all possible prefix combinations of LSQ and LST . The latest comment prior to closing the pull request matches the regular expression above. Simulations showed correlation between simulated muscle activation and EMG patters found in gait. This may be explained by Teleport's incorporation of both HTML tag parsing and regular expression-matching mechanisms  , as well as its ability to statically parse Javascripts and to generate simple form submission patterns for URL discovery. The proliferation of information available on the web makes search a critical application. Further  , all of the above mentioned research studies use fixed Twitter datasets collected at a certain point in time. The random forest classifier offers two means of determining feature importance: Out of Bag Permuted Variable Error PVE and the Gini Impurity measure 2 . Therefore sparse FA can be often used on larger datasets than is practical with those methods. It may also be undesirable that randomization without the use of stored seeds in these types of methods produce different results each time the method is used. -We shall compare the methods for extensible optimization in more detail in BeG89. According to the best of our knowledge  , this is the first paper that describes an end-to-end system for answering fact lookup queries in search engines. <Formation of Q-learning> The action space consists of the phenotypes of the generated genes. We use the notation that af denotes the class in which the field f is declared as an instance variable  , and For read or role transition effects  , we record the starting point and regular expression for the path to the object. . In a set-at-a-time system  , query optimization can take place at at least two levels. In summary  , the check-in behavior at one time may be more similar to some time slots than others. Such machinery needs to be based on intermediate representations of queries that are syntactically close to XQuery and has to allow for an algebraic approach to query optimization  , with buffering as an optimization target. The Pearson correlation coefficient between the width and the depth of a tree is 0.60  , which suggests that the largest trees are also the deepest ones. Moreover  , as the semantic information about the database and thus the corresponding space of semantically equivalent queries increases  , the optimization cost becomes comparable to the cost of query execution plan  , and cannot be ignored. These results give a set of clusters of measures that have high correlation across a simulated document collection. The matching check is performed using a non-deterministic finite state machine FSM technique similar to that used in regular expression matching 26. This Sort should also simplify the Group operation that follows and associates to each researcher the number of projects it belongs to. where H is the set of search result positions the user hovered over  , and V is the set of all search results shown when the user scrolled. For instance  , dynamic scripting languages such as Ruby and Python are candidates  , since their high-level nature is similar to PHP in using a lazy string implementation that is transparent to application programs. Figure 7shows the distribution of question deletion initiator moderator or author on Stack Overflow. each possible sequence of topic breaks  , was considered to find the one that maximized the total score. Alternatively  , we also propose a method that optimizes the naive search when the feature descriptors are normalized. Nevertheless  , binary search has the benefit that no additional space beyond a is needed to perform a search. one search episode is unrelated to any subsequent search episodes. To provide better comparability with earlier results  , we re-implemented Pearson correlation which had been used in the two survey papers. Planning a function like S&QWN causes the optimization of the embedded query to be performed. To understand this property  , consider the paradigm used by previous skyline evaluation techniques  , such as Block Nested Loops 4 and Sort-First Skyline 9 . flippers do not cause occlusions in the scene sensed by the laser and the omnidirectional camera. Second  , automatically checking program outcomes requires a testing oracle  , which is often not available in practice  , and end-users should not be expected to provide it. However  , this problem is solvable in pseudopolynomial time with dynamic programming 6 . Indeed  , it has been widely reported that queries have a zipfian distribution and individual queries are temporally clustered 29. Match chooses a set of paths from the semistructure that match a user-given path regular expression . The results are presented in Table 2and show that the window size does have an effect on the role composition. 2. So  , the approach determines that h2 and h3 are decisive semi-constant HTTP requests. When a user submits a query to the search engine  , the search engine returns the user some ranked documents as search results. The consideration of RDF as database model puts forward the issue of developing coherently all its database features. They tend to explicitly leverage highly-dynamic features like late binding of names  , meta-programming  , and " monkey patching "   , the ability to arbitrarily modify the program's AST. It has also been extended to allow partial coverage of the required skills  , introducing a multi-objective optimization problem that is optimized using simulated annealing 8 . Furthermore  , the OASIS search technique employs a best-first A* search strategy as it descends the suffix tree. Therefore  , we need to properly handle these bad documents Q&A pairs. On the other hand  , "Rate of inner-agent" means that of rule transi­ tion inside the certain single agent. In the current state of knowledge   , the single-vehicle dial-a-ride problems can rarely be achieved to optimization when the number of tasks is more than 40. TRECCHEM defines two independent retrieval tasks namely the Technology Survey and the Prior Art Search. Section 2 formally defines the parametric query optimization problem and provides background material on polytopes. Column and table names can be demoted into column values using special characters in regular expressions; these are useful in conjunction with the Fold transform described below. By contrast  , we postpone work on query optimization in our geographic scalability agenda  , preferring to first design and validate the scalability of our query execution infrastructure. This indicates that an increase in the predicted value of the PREfast/PREfix defect density is accompanied by an increase in the pre-release defect density at a statistically significant level. This step uses Bro 27  , whose signature matching engine generates a signature match event when the packet payload matches a regular expression that is specified for a particular rule. We used the Pearson product-moment correlation since the expert averages represent interval data  , ranging from 1 to 7. Our observations for this outcome include that for the models derived from the regular expression style paraphrases for the questions  , the classes were too sparse as the software developed for this task was not able to generalize the patterns enough. Next  , we study the Pearson product-moment correlation between user j's disclosure score θ j and the user's five personality scores  , plus three additional attributes  , namely sex  , number of social contacts  , and age. The first is Best- First search  , which prioritizes links in the frontier based on the similarity between the query and the page where the link was found. In an Iterative search  , a client keeps control of the entire search. Classifier Selection. For example  , a search for naval architecture returns 154 books in the Internet Archive search interface  , and 350 books in the Hathi Trust search interface. To quantify the correlation with established query level metrics  , we computed the Pearson correlation coefficient between DSAT correlation and: i average clickthrough rate  , ii average NDCG@1  , and iii average NDCG@3. Each secondary structure is input to the FSM one character at a time until either the machine enters a final matching state or it is determined that the input sequence does not match the query sequence. where η is the probability weight that a word wi in C t is generated from the general background model. An offline evaluation was not conducted because it had not been able to calculate any differences based on trigger. For this example  , both MDLH-Greedy and MDLH-Dynamic compute sub-optimal solutions. Table 4displays these results. In Section 3 we describe the general principle underlying Variational Dynamic Programming. Similarly  , node 2 has two children for the two occurrences " B 1 C 1 " and " B 2 F 1 " of the expression " BC|F* " . For SD the only feature of interest is the objecttext – i.e. , temporal text-containment search 13. extending keyword search with a creation or update date of documents. A popular similarity measure is the Pearson correlation coefficient 5. We obtain an approximate solution to the problem using simulated annealing 22  , 23. Any evaluation of an unsafe optimization technique requmes measuring the execution speeds of the base and optimized systems  , as well as assessing the impact of the optimization technique on the system's retrieval effectiveness. Creative- Work " implies all schema.org children  , such as Book  , Map  , and MusicAlbum. The techniques that do not attempt to create explicit models must run thousands of iterations on the true robot to find policies. In the first experiment we apply the previously trained Random Forest model to identify matching products for the top 10 TV brands in the WDC dataset. We evaluated the three commercial location search engines  , and here we are presenting as the baseline  , the performance of the best of the three commercial services  , when supplied with the four highest ranked transliterations from our transliteration system. Figure 3depicts an example of a finite automaton for both references to an article in a journal and a book. For each o✏ine metric m and each value of #unjudged from 1 to 9 we compute the weighted Pearson correlation similar to 10  between the metric signal and the interleaving signal. Gesture recognition in complex environments cannot be perfect. We can see from the table that runs using random forest have better retrieval performance than others. treat the portions of each of the five popularity patterns within a certain domain as its five features. As in 10   , we used two kinds of correlations: Pearson and Spearman. Note that the dynamic programming has been used in discretization before 14 . Common uses are to separate table cells  , indent titles  , indent sub-section data rows and to provide a separation between lines of text. The first query is a general term  , by which the user is searching for the best coffee in Seattle area; whereas the second query is used to search for a coffee shop chain named as Seattle's Best Coffee which was originated from Seattle but now has expanded into other cities as well. They also found that information retrieval systems generally are built according to a single search paradigm  , i.e. There is a task identifier 'ki' for known-item search  , and 'ex' for expert search  , no identifier for discussion search  , as these were the first runs submitted. Schema knowledge is used to rewrite a query into a more efficient one. As expected  , the Pearson coefficient suggests a negative correlation between the quality of QAC rankings and the average forecast errors of the top five candidates r ≈ −0.17 for SMAPE-Spearman and r ≈ −0.21 for SMAPE-MRR. Our last example see Figure 8 shows  , among other interesting features  , how one can push a Group that materializes the relationship between researchers and projects. As far as the initial search is concerned  , there is  , first  , the issue of whether IDF weighting is the best strategy. Random forests provide information on how well features helps to separate classes and give insight on which ones help to characterize centrally relevant documents about an entity in a stream. Subjects' search experience was measured with the Search Self- Efficacy Scale 5. Thus  , the following congregation property is extremely useful. One of the benefits of our visual notation is encapsulation. The remainder of this article is structured as follows: In the next section  , we describe our method to automatically quantize the sensor spaces. We tag entities using a regular expression tagger  , a trie-based tagger and a scalable n-gram tagger 14. We collect a set of 5 ,629 real user search sessions from a commercial search engine. We describe this approach in subsequent subsections. Search interrmxhary elicitation during the online search stage largely focused on search strategy and terms  , followed by the online relevance elicitation requesting users to judge the relevance of the output. design hierarchical measures using the intent hierarchies to solve the problems mentioned above. System A scored best when respondents recorded their reactions to the first statement  , about their pre-query 'mental image' 24score mean: 1.21. Given that the proposed system is evaluated over seven iterations   , we plot for each benchmark the precision-recall curve for the iteration in which the proposed system achieved the highest F-Measure. Search trails  , i.e. It is known that using query subsets may lead to poor performance when estimating the performance of previously unseen new systems 17 . Doing much of the query optimization in the query language translator also helps in keeping the LSL interpreter as simple as possible. To evaluate our proposal  , we implemented two use cases that allowed us to produce a large quantity of product model data from BMEcat catalogs. The input of the system is a set of HTTPTraces  , which will be described in the following sections  , and the output is a set of regular expression signatures identifying central servers of MDNs. So we adopt a weighting method: For an XML input whose structure is opaque  , the user can still use a functional index or a text index to do query optimization. The extractor is implemented as a module that can be linked into other information integration systems. They show that their model can predict search success effectively on their data and on a separate set of log data comprising search engine sessions. XAP/l's Search Executive uses a simple form of the A* search to find an optimal plan. Note that although the first two baselines are heuristic and simple   , they do produce reasonable results for short-term popularity prediction  , thus forming competitive baselines see 29. ASP  , JSP  , and PHP are typical examples of web technologies that use some form of dynamic page generation. Given a learning request Q and a repository of learning objects {LO 1   , ..  , LO n }  , find a composition of LOs that covers the user's query as much as possible. The query optimizer can naturally exploit this second optimization by dynamically building a temporary graph view: bfaidhd = e QEdge:rmdtypd'main mad " @oad and by applying Paths0 on it. The experts were not involved in the development of any of the two tools and were not aware of which tool produces which verbalization. Since KOALA users could not limit their search on video cassettes nor multilingual versions  , they had to check each search result manually see Fig. First  , random forest can achieve good accuarcy even for the problem with many weak variables each variable conveys only a small amount of information. Initialization. The Semantic Search application runs as a client of the TAP infrastructure . Each block was given a final score based on its rank position and length. Figure 6shows the web page screenshots of – i question deleted by moderator left and ii question deleted by author right. The most widely used measure in information retrieval research is neither Pearson nor Spearman correlation  , however  , but rather Kendall's τ 4. The matcher is random forest classifier  , which was learnt by labeling 1000 randomly chosen pairs of listings from the Biz dataset. Finally  , we computed the Pearson correlation of the learned λ l 's values averaged over the train folds and cluster sizes between experimental settings. We matricize X in Mode 2 to generate matrix X 2 ∈ R l×uat . However  , for this task  , we decided to go with the simpler approach of applying a general set of rules that would capture most common product names with refinement steps specific to the matched regular expression pattern. Also by merging smaller MDNs  , we increase the number of URLs corresponding to each central server  , which helps to generate more generic signatures. More concretely  , our contributions are:  We propose a mechanism for expiring cache entries based on a time-to-live value and a mechanism for maintaining the cache content fresh by issuing refresh queries to back-end search clusters  , depending on availability of idle cycles in those clusters. A factor graph  , a form of hypergraph representation which is often used in statistical machine learning 6  , associates a factor φe with a hyperedge e ∈ E. Therefore  , most generally  , a relevance score of document D in response to query Q represented by a hypergraph H is given by This Simple Pearson Predictor SPP is the most commouly used technique due to its simplicity. UFA98 describes orthogonal work to incorporate cost-based query optimization into query scrambling. The only conceptual change is that now yi ∈ ℜ K + and that predictions are made by data points in leaf nodes voting for labels with non-negative real numbers rather than casting binary votes. A complete example of all four combinations can be viewed below: Description: What is depression ? The searches were conducted on Wikipedia using a commercial test search engine created by Search Technologies Corp. We used the commercial search engine  , because Wikipedia does not provide full-text search. Their main purpose is to give search engine users a comprehensive recommendation when they search using a specific query. The survival random forest based model not only slightly outperforms all the other competing model including a suite of classification random forest but  , more importantly  , it allows to compute the survival at di↵erent thresholds. CollabSeer is built based on CiteSeerX dataset. The learning system is applied t o a very dynamic control problem in simulation and desirable abilities have been shown. The goal of results merging  , which is the second task of federated search  , is to combine results selected from the given search engines into a single ranked list. We also develop a GUI tool to help users to construct queries in case they are not familiar with the SPARQL syntax. However  , these approaches usually consider each user's search history as a whole  , without analysing it into its inherent search behaviors. Graphs  , which are in fact one of the most general forms of data representation   , are able to represent not only the values of an entity  , but can be used to explicitly model structural relations that may exist between different parts of an object 5 ,6. Rule-based query optimization is not an entirely new idea: it is borrowed from relational query optimization  , e.g. Thus  , this regular expression is used. The buckets formed are stored in Bktsi  , j. The improvement in 16 requires n 3 arithmetic operations among polynomials  , performing better than 11 in most practical cases  , although still leading to a n logn long expression in the worst case. The graph expands according to a dynamic programming procedure  , starting from nodes that correspond to the initial states  , and until a goal state is reached. Carnevali  , et al. Dynamic programming 17 has been applied to melodic comparison 3  , 7 and has become a standard technique in music information retrieval. ranking: how should one rank sentences returned in a boolean environment  , so that the best possible sentences are given first to the answer extraction component ? Our proposed method differs from the existing approaches 20  , 21  in two aspects. Suppose we want to compute a trajectory be:ween an initial and a final configuration. The Pearson score is defined as follows: In particular  , we quantify behavioral agreement using the Pearson correlation score between the ratings of two users  , and we compare this between users with positive and negative links. Proposed optimization techniques are loop short-circuiting  , heuristic best-place search position and spiral search. The open parameters for the forest training are the minimum cardinality of the set of training points at a leaf node  , the maximum number of feature components to sampIe at each split node and the number of trees in the forest. result page  , but depending on the scenario more powerful languages may be needed that take the DOM tree structure of the HTML or even the layout of the rendered page into account. Although the great majority of users simply have the typical religion/party/philosophy names in those fields e.g. In the WSDM Evaluation setup  , we compare the performance of BARACO and MT using the following metrics: AUC and Pearson correlation as before. The search procedure performs beam search using classification accuracy of the N k as a heuristic function . The cosine similarity is defined as follows: We define the following well-known similarity measures: the cosine similarity and Pearson correlation coefficient. All their implementations are from Weka 3 40. This method only requires function evaluations  , not derivatives. Using best-first search  , SCUP generates compositions for WSC problems with minimal cost of violations of the user preferences. Section 5 reports our experimental results. To complement the inadequacy of cache hit ratio as the metric  , our study is based on real replays of a million of queries on an SSD-enabled search engine architecture and our findings are reported based on actual query latency. But these approaches are hard to implement and to maintain. The terms displayed on the screen have two links: a link to search for associable terms and a link to search for associable text. Schema matching techniques have also been used to identify the semantic types of columns by comparing them with labeled columns 10 . The size of the regular expression generated from the vulnerability signature automaton can be exponential in the number of states of the automaton 10. 7  Their sevenlink biped was controlled using dynamic programming and followed desired trajectories as found by Winter2 and Inmanl. The path is computed using dynamic programming with a cost function that is proportional to path lengthes and to the potential along the paths. Instead of selecting two chromosomes at a time  , the supervised crossover operator will put the whole population under consideration. a feature that is supported by all major regular expression implementations and a posteriori checking for empty groups can be used to identify where i.e. The code for EM and Pearson correlation was written in Matlab. Then the receiver's dynamic type must be a subtype of its static type. Dynamic programming is popular for music information retrieval because melodic contours can be represented as character strings  , thus melodic comparison and search can benefit from the more mature research area of string matching. The user first chooses a library based  on the domain of interest  , then she explores the library. Approximate solutions can be found by adjoining the constraints with a penalty function 13. Finally  , although user interface programming applies directly to traditional command line interfaces  , it is far more complex in the face of modern graphic interfaces 173. In order to analyze and compare the results  , we made use of the popular Pearson correlation coefficient see  , e.g. We select one element at each column by Dynamic Programming. Due to lack of code shipping  , techniques for parallel and distributed query optimization   , e.g. We further investigate the results of our model and Model-U. Any search session that cannot be categorized as either a re-finding or an exploratory search session is defined as a single query search for the purpose of this study. Eqn.8 provides continuity from this self-learn value as well as allowing for a varying degree of influence from the selfrelevant on the whole relevant set  , controlled by the learning rate 'rIQ and the number of iterations VQ. Next  , we turn our attention to query optimization. Given page p and its candidate query set Sp = {q Moreover  , such specifications allow for replacement of sensors and dynamic reconfiguration by simply having the selecfor send messages to different objects. Hence users may not be able to see all the photographs actually belonging to that cluster. Once registered in Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. These operations provide the framework to enable useful extensions to data modeling. Second  , the dynamic programming phase must examine all connected sub graphs of 1 to n nodes. Using conditional compilation allows the compiler freedom to produce the most efficient code for each query optimization technique. It measures the similarity between users based on their normalized ratings on the common set of items co-rated by them. We therefore approach the problem using dynamic programming  , with the vectors a as the states of the dynamic program. As in previous work 4  , 10   , we use Kendall-τ and Pearson coefficient as the correlation metrics. Our work in this paper contributes by studying not only holistically exploring interaction or consensus among all the entities  , but also integrating all the social media search applications in a unified framework. It deals effectively with path planning  , and incorporates the method of simulated annealing to avoid local minima regardless of domain dimension or complexity . Obviously there is nothing inherent in each of the factors which determines how heavily each should be weighted  , but this may be established on an experimental basis. Internally  , the framework builds up a microscopic representation of the system based on these observations as well as on a list of interactions of interest specified by the user. This regular expression denotes the set of strings that contain the <script> tag. Gold 9  showed that the problem of inferring a DFA of minimum size from positive examples is NP-complete. One important aspect of query optimization is to detect and to remove redundant operations  , i.e. The basic text substrings  , such as the target or named entities  , are recognized using regular expressions and replaced with an angle-bracket-delimited expression. The improvements increased with the sparseness of the dataset  , as expected because sparse FA correctly handles sparseness. When the agent finds that staying at a state s will bring higher utility than taking any actions from that state  , it should stop taking any actions wisely. They also explored using random forest classification to score verticals run ICTNETVS02  , whereby expanded query representations based on results from the Google Custom Search API were used. However  , we believe that the optimization of native SPARQL query engines is  , nevertheless   , an important issue for an efficient query evaluation on the Semantic Web. In the enhanced form MDLe  , it provided a formal basis for robot programming using behaviors and at the same time permitted incorporatlon of kmematic and dynamic models of robots in the form of differential equations. Once the optimal parameters are obtained by the discriminative training procedure introduced above  , the final top-K corrections can be directly computed  , avoiding the need for a separate stage of candidate re-ranking. find that a better method is to combine the question-description pairs used for training P D|Q with the description-question pairs used for training P Q|D  , and to then use this combined set of pairs for learning the word-to-word translation probabilities. This suggests that even when results for a topic are somewhat easier to find on one collection than another  , the relative difficulty among topics is preserved  , at least to some extent. This is essentially a branch-and-bound method. Formally  , the win-loss results of all two-player competitions generated from the thread q with the asker a  , the best answerer b and non-best answerer set S can be represented as the following set: Hence  , the problem of estimating the relative expert levels of users can be deduced to the problem of learning the relative skills of players from the win-loss results of generated two-player competitions. The obtained regular expression can be applied with the appropriate flags such as multi-line support and with appropriate string delimiters to instance pages to check for template matching. The Pearson correlation score derived from this formula is .538 which shows reasonably high correlation between the manual and automatic performance scores and  , as a result  , justifies the use of automatic evaluation when manual evaluation is too expensive e.g. However  , since models of the dynamic behavior of complex machines are complex  , too  , we use a pictograph representation to abbreviate our models. Heuristic search aspires to solve this problem efficiently by utilizing background knowledge encoded in a heuristic function. Note that this type of XPath views can also be considered as a regular value index. Typically a learning-to-rank approach estimates one retrieval model across all training queries Q1  , ..  , Q k represented by feature vectors  , after which the test query Qt is ranked upon the retrieval model and the output is presented to the user. In general  , l in Definition 3.1 could be a component of a generalized path expression  , but we have simplified the definition for presentation purposes in this paper. ViTABaL 7 is a hybrid visual programming environment that we had previously developed for designing and implementing TA-based systems. Table 3lists the CPU time comparison of the exhaustive search method and our dynamic programming method. This involves redefining how labels are matched in the evaluation of an expression . in our data we compare: #followers  , #followees  , #posts  , #days on Twitter  , #posts per day and ownership of a personal website. One approach for automatic categorization is achieved by deriving taxonomy correspondences from given attribute values or parts thereof as specified via a regular expression pattern. Search VS. Since collection of dynamic information affects over all target program  , this functionality becomes a typical crosscutting concern  , which is modularized as an aspect in AOP 4. In the first attempt  , we defined three different detection methods: maximum entropy  , regular expression  , and closed world list. In the first generation  , the population generator will generate n crossover points  , i.e. Another exciting direction for future work is to derive analytical models 12 that can accurately estimate the query costs. Figure 2contains the Pearson correlation matrices for several quantitative biographical items. 2 If the Web is viewed as a graph with the nodes as documents and the edges as hyperlinks  , a crawler typically performs some type of best-first search through the graph  , indexing or collecting all of the pages it finds. Table 1summarizes the Kendall-τ and Pearson correlation for the four query selection methods when selecting {20  , 40  , 60}% of queries in the Robust 2004 and the TREC-8 test collections. Clearly  , we want to enumerate every pair once and only once. The resulting similarity using corrected vectors is known as the Pearson correlation between users  , as follows. Next  , we show how this atomic formula can be expressed in SRPQs. and optimized weighted Pearson correlation. , inverse user frequency weighting IUF and variance weighting VW. The server consists of a search engine index  , and a document and terms database. Indirect means to solve the two point boundary values problems constituted by the necessary conditions of optimality. In Section 3  , we describe the architecture of the welding robot we have customized and provide some details on important components. Documents are segmented into sentences and all sentences from relevant documents are used as nuggets in the learning procedure. In this section we introduce and discuss the results we obtained during the evaluation of the above mentioned predictors . Table 5: Pearson correlation coefficients between each pair of features. Oracle provides a rich full-text search API that can be used to build information retrieval applications. Some possible extensions include:  Perform thresholding on dynamic programming parse chart cells based on " goodness " of a particular parse rather than on a strict cell quota. Finally  , the block size for AIX is 2KB  , with Starburst assuming 4KB pages  , so each Starburst I/O actually requires two AIX I/OS.' Here we compare the our results with the result published by QALD-5 10. And the most common similarity measure used is the Pearson correlation coefficient So far  , several different similarity measures have been used  , such as Pearson correlation  , Spearman correlation  , and vector similarity. We already mentioned that xtract 31 also utilizes the Minimum Description Length principle. UsingRHOMEo we have realized a tool allowing a graphical dynamic simulation of a real control and programming system  , dealing with a variety of robotics applications. Experimental timing results show that the method can be incorporated into existing search engine technology 8  , 5. Figure 4: ILI visits percentage forecasting performance on the Pearson correlation and p-value for VA and CT in 3 seasons Substantial information about Twitter data and the demographics for the five regions are shown in Table I. We convert the random forest classifier into a DNF formula as explained in Section 4.3. A dynamic-programming technique 14 can find the minimum in polynomial time  , but computational efficiency is still an issue. In this paper  , we focus on merely improving its performance when using general heuristics especially those not computed by dynamic programming. Among the advantages of these languages is the dynamic typing of objects  , which maps well onto the RDFS class membership  , meta-programming  , which allows us to implement the multi-inheritance of RDFS  , and a relaxation of strict object conformance to class definitions. , p1. Our techniques are in the same spirit of work on identifying common expressions within complex queries for use in query optimization 25. It was found experimentally that if the NN is trained once at a low temperature and the output temperature temperature of sigmoidal function of hidden layer is set to a high temperature T  , and then frozen down gradually   , the effects on the potential function are similar to the ones obtained by having trained the NN each time the temperature is reduced. RELATEDNESS QUERIES RQ A relatedness query is a connected directed graph the nodes and edges of which may be unlabeled and at least one of the edges is labeled with a regular expression over relationship labels. The soft-counting is done efficiently by dynamic programming . Some of the papers on query evaluation mentioned in section 4.2 consider this problem. The web page  , noticing that it does not have a session secret  , opens up an invisible IFRAME with the SSL URL https://example.com/login/ recover. Popular choices for su ,v include the Pearson Correlation Co- efficientPCC22  , 11and the vector similarityVS2. An information retrieval system SEARFA SEARch Flora Advanced system was implemented to allow users to search using both extracted information and keywords. The first string of the pattern i.e. §This work was supported in part with funding from the Australian Research Council. In the following the online gradient rule with learning rate η IP and desired mean activity µ is shown: We discuss the method used to obtain accepting regular expressions as well as the ranking heuristics below. The challenge from a robotics perspective is to determine when role switching is advantageous to the team  , versus remaining in their current roles. The result obtained is presented in Table 4. Origin: The first page in the trail after the SERP  , visited by clicking on a search result hyperlink. 58.6% online stage -with a mean of 16 presearch elicitation per search  , a mean of 23 or-dine elicitation per search  , and a mean of 39 total elicitation per search. by learning the distribution of the triples U RL  , Q  , IP  on one set of training data  , and then using these probabilities to estimate HU RL|Q  , IP  on a different set of test data. The advantages of STAR-based query optimization are detailed in Loh87. The former classifies the candidate documents into vital or useful  , while the latter classifies the candidate documents into relevant vital + useful or irrelevant neutral + garbage. The dynamic programming step takes approximately 0.06 seconds for set 1. In this section we present experimental results. As a result  , we were able to train our multi-label random forest classifier on a medium sized cluster in less than a day.  Results: It presents experimental results from SPR and Prophet with different search spaces. A leaf node l stores a distribution P l c over class labels c. This distribution is modeled by a histogram computed over the class labels of the training data that ended up at this leaf node. If additional speed is required from the graph search it may be possible to use a best first approach or time limit the search. To identify similarities among the researchers  , we used the cosine similarity  , the Pearson correlation similarity  , and the Euclidean distance similarity. The Memory-based approaches have two problem. Our goal is to improve upon the search time of binary search without using a significant amount of additional space. The resulting  , much smaller  , document set is then examined with a full-power regular expression parser. It would be much more efficient if the formatting were on the TD element instead   , avoiding the repetition. Best first searches combine the advantages of heuristics with other blind search techniques like DFS and BFS $. , if the transformation requirements cannot be met by neither regular expression nor XSLT  , the VieDAME system allows to configure an external transformation engine such as Apache Synapse 3. The output of a single block FLWOR statement in XQuery can be ordered by either the binding/document order as specified in the FOR clauses or the value order as specified in the OR- DERBY clause. The main difficulty of this approach is feature skew  , where the template slowly stops tracking the feature of interest and creeps onto another feature. We select the valid subset which scores the highest as the final segmentation. The p-value confirms the statistically significance of the high Pearson correlation when the lead time is less than 2 weeks. The Plastic system  , proposed in GPSH02   , amortizes the cost of query optimization by reusing the plans generated by the optimizer. For finding meta-index entries that contain terms of interest to the user  , the Search Meta-Index page provides a search engine that allows users to drill down on search results through three views. To understand which features contribute most to model accuracy and whether it is possible to reduce the feature manner. Dynamic Programming Module: Given an input sequence of maximum beacon frame luminance values and settings of variables associated with constraints discussed later  , the Dynamic Programming Module outputs a backlight scaling schedule that minimizes the backlight levels. Knijnenburg 19 presented a cluster-based approach where variables are first hierarchically complete linkage clustered and then from each cluster the most relevant feature is selected. We adopt the dynamic programming approach that proposed by Psaraftis4 . First  , we need more research into which effectiveness measures best capture what users want autonomous classifiers to do. Currently programming is done in terms of files. For a given nested query block  , several execution plans are possible  , each having its own required parameter sort order and cost. Rather  , our goal is to use Q/A data as a means of learning a 'useful' relevance function  , and as such our experiments mainly focus on state-of-the-art relevance ranking techniques. We use document-at-a-time scoring  , and explore several query optimization techniques. Here the search engine was initially IBM's TSE search engine  , later replaced with IBM's GTR search engine  , and the database was DB2. Model-based approaches group different training users into a small number of classes based on their rating patterns. Because of the competitive nature of the market  , each search term may have bids from many advertisers  , and almost every advertiser bids on more than one search term. Before training any of the models  , we compute the Pearson correlation coefficient between each pair of project features Table 5. Random data sample selection is crucial for stochastic gradient descent based optimization. for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. , regex corresponds to a regular expression. A search trail always begins with a query and ends when the information seeking activity stops. Search Retrieve a list of items that match the supplied query. The item similarity between two tags SI tq  , ts is derived by computing the Pearson correlation between the two profiles as follows: similarity between two tags based on user or item overlap. We use iterative dynamic programming for optimization considering limitations on access patterns. All the random forest ranking runs are implemented with RankLib 4 . The expertise of a user for a query is mainly considered in this paper  , and other aspects such as the likelihood of getting an answer within a short period will be studied in our subsequent papers. The optimizer uses dynamic programming to build query plans bottom-up. Works such as 7  , 29  , 23 use regular-expression-like syntax to denote event patterns. Search Pad is a feature of Yahoo! The improved performance of dynamic programming compared to these methods comes from solving multi-stage problems by analysing a sequence of simpler inductively defined single-stage problems. 7 We use rankings of sc and topic-unity values as they are not homogeneously distributed on 0; 1. Useful information  , including name  , homepage  , rate and comment  , should be separated from web pages by regular expression. All correlations with an absolute value larger than 0.164 are statistically significant at p < 0.05. Later  , several papers such as 2 and 3 suggested to exploit measures for the importance of a webpage such as authority and hub ranks based on the link structure of the world-wide-web to order the crawl frontier. In general  , the need for rank-aware query optimization and possible approaches to supporting it is discussed in 25. , 2  , 4  , 12  , 14 . Generate the set of equivalent queries. In the within-project setting i.e. A reliable search method would achieve an acceptable search most of the time. They did not evaluate their method in terms of similarities among named entities. Such models can be utilized to facilitate query optimization  , which is also an important topic to be studied. ADT a is an automatic aggregation of the list of ADTs b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a commuted regular expression of the regular expression formed by concatenating the elements in the list of ADTs b.  A Fact Base which stores the intermediate search results and information needed to select the next search strategy. The increase in search space can also be seen in the size of the resulting lattice. In Section 5 we will discuss a possible spectrum of validators . By contrast  , the nearly 2.7 million product instances from the crawl only contain eleven properties on average. However  , note that a sort-merge anti-join cannot be used if the correlated query block is part of a procedure or function where as NISR can be used in this case. This is an issue that requires further study in the form of a comprehensive performance evaluation on sipI1. The iterative method may be used alone for detection of data flow anomalies for an entire program. Reordering the operations in a conventional relational DBMS to an equivalent but more efficient form is a common technique in query optimization. In our current design  , except the literal words  , we also adopt common data types  , such as integer   , float  , month  , date and time  , as the features. Ideally  , a similarity search system should be able to achieve high-quality search with high speed  , while using a small amount of space. This model can be exploited for data management and  , in particular  , we will use it for query optimization purposes. GA is a robust search method requiring little information to search in a large search space. set of queries {qJ known relevant to d  , using a schedule q~  , v~ and leading to improved estimates for WV& It is found that results are sensitive to these learning schedules. , when the user has not selected the news tab. , are reported as the final disparity map L/R check. Experiment 5 showed that the common subexpression optimization could reduce query execution time by almost a factor of two. They address the issue of equivalence decidability of regular path queries under such constraints. This regular expression is then applied on the sentences extracted by the search engine for 2 purposes: i. The flow chart of the neural dynamic programming was shown in 4shows a case when the robot achieves square corners. Comparisons between direct and model-based learning for efficiency and task-transfer can also be found in Atkeson and Santamaria 13  for swing up of pendulum with continuous actions. sequences of actions a user performs with the search engine e.g. Our main finding is that our approach based on cascaded language model based information retrieval followed by answer extraction using machine-learning does not decrease  , but remains competitive  , if instead of a news-only corpus like AQUAINT2  , an additional corpus of blog posts BLOG06 is used in a setting where some of the answers occur only in the blogs. Hence all known approaches to solving the problem optimally  , such as dynamic programming   , have a worst-case exponential running time. All the techniques transform the tree into a rooted binary tree or binary composition rules before applying dynamic programming. However  , most of the standard similarity measures such as Pearson Correlation Coefficient 16  , Cosine Similarity 17  are too general and not suitable for finding similar document from large databases such as PubMed. One solution was to provide an additional feature which was the number of times any URL at the given domain was visited by a toolbar user. Second  , Simulated Annealing SA starts at a random state and proceeds by random moves  , which if uphill  , are only accepted with certain probability. In a nutshell  , ViGOR is designed to provide facilities for the organisation of a search task into groups to visualise a search task  , re-organisation of search results between groups  , and preservation of valuable search results. In this paper we focused on applying our optimization approach to PHP  , but our approach could be used with other programming languages. Substituted search keys require less space than an encrypted search key. Hence the discussion here outlines techniques that allow us to apply optimizations to more queries. The remainder of this article is structured as follows: In the next section  , we explain the task and assumptions   , and give a brief overview of the Q-learning. At this point it is only a hope rather than a guarantee that a policy based on the imperfect model Q function will lead to experiences that correct the model's Q function's flaws. on a Wikipedia page are extracted by means of a recursive regular expression. PSub pp 0 denotes the probability that the recognizer substitutes a phoneme p with p 0 . This creates a noisy behavioral signal  , and importantly  , a challenge for analyzing search behavior  , especially long-term behavior that has utility in many applications  , such as search personalization 37. Barnard 3 presented a stochastic optimization technique  , simulated annealing  , to fuse a pair of stereo images. When compared through this metrics  , many more tentative PTs are kept during the search  , thereby increasing significantly the optimization cost. The cases where the difference is significant are marked with an asterisk sign in Table 2. Undoing these requires " physical undo "   , i.e. In the current implementation we e two-level optimization strategy see section 1 the lower level uses the optimization strateg present in this paper  , while the upper level the oy the in which s that we join order egy. aGeneralizationa  , b/aSpecializationb  , a: ADT a is an automatic generalization of ADT b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a subexpression of a commuted regular expression that defines the domain for ADT b. In the case of Persons 2 and Restaurants  , both methods performed equally well. Although we have shown that different categories have differing trends of popularity over the hours of a day  , this does not provide insight into how the sets of queries within those categories change throughout the day. This query is shown in Figure 7. Here  , a normalized similarity of a user i y to a user j y is computed as We propose in the following paragraph some heuristic methods which allow us to find trajectories that permit to identify parameters in the case of a one arm planar robot. Our dynamic programming approach for discretization referred to as Unification in the experimental results depends on two parameters  , α and β. Related to the heterogeneity of information integration are open questions about the transactional semantics of operations across federated data sources  , synchronized backup and recovery  , a uniform privacy and security model across a multitude of systems  , as well as general query and operational performance aspects in the presence of huge data volumes and increasing numbers of data sources. In this case DARQ has few possibilities to improve performance by optimization. For this purpose  , a minimax problem is solved using Dynamic Programming methods 5. That is , If the content of a file is needed for character string operations such as a regular expression operation with the preg_match extension  , an FTCS object actually reads the file and stores its content in a form similar to an ordinary character string object. These are then returned as a list of resources that best matches the users' queries. In this section  , we conduct a series of experiments to validate our major claims on the TDCM model. The dataset includes static search session logs and whole-session level relevance judgments. After reading the returned search results  , the searcher might realize his inappropriate choices  , correct them  , and redo the search. The context information of a search activation usually includes: 1. Since the configuration has to remain connected at all times  , reconfiguration in this case involves overcoming 'deep' local minima. In principle  , the optimal plan generated by parametric query optimization may be different. The major form of query optimization employed in KCRP results from proof schema structure sharing. Dynamic reconfiguration would be a powerful addition  , although It would be another source for nondeterminism. Evaluating local search is a challenging problem. , Euclidean and the optimization objective is minimization. Through extensive simulation  , Section 3 contrasts some behaviors of ρ r with those of rank-based correlation coefficients. The SC-Recall came out to be 96.68 %. The other set of approaches is classified as loose coupling. swim is a code generator whose input is a natural language query in English  , such as " match regular expression " or " read text file "   , i.e. We used it in our comparison experiments. Otherwise  , a more cost-efficient solution would be to use all available sensors and multi-sensor fusion techniques. Such explicit reflective programming  , in which the system manipulates a dynamic representation of its own user interface  , is difficult to capture in a static query. Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. Second  , path regular expressions must be generalized to support labels with properties and required properties. Previous approaches 5  , 1  , 6  to solve Problem 1 were focusing on its search space  , exploiting in different ways the pruning power of the regular expression R over unpromising patterns. Each evaluator wrote down his steps in constructing the query. Our ideas are implemented in the DB2 family. v Simulation. This paper presents a multi-agent architecture for dynamic scheduling and control of manufacturing cells based on actor framawork . once the shortcomings mentioned in Section 6.2 are addressed  , we will evaluate our approach on a larger scale  , for example using the data provided by the second instalment of the QALD open challenge  , which comprises 100 training and 100 test questions on DBpedia  , and a similar amount of questions on MusicBrainz . We now consider the following problem: Given an SDTD d  , m0  , which open tags are pre-order typed in every document defined by d  , m0 ? Many works on key term identification apply either fixed or regular expression POS tag patterns to improve their effectiveness . Focusing on any experience group  , the feature that is most strongly correlated with popularity is the number of publications 8 : the correlation reaches 0.81 for the most experienced scholars both Pearson and Spearman coefficients. The simulation results manifest our method's strong robustness. Different from conventional action classification 4  , 1  , several approaches exist in the literature that focus on activity prediction  , i.e. Most attempts to layer a static type system atop a dynamic language 3  , 19  , 34 support only a subset of the language  , excluding many dynamic features and compromising the programming model and/or the type-checking guarantee. For efficiency consideration  , we use greedy search rather than dynamic programming to find valid subsets. 33 propose an evolutionary timeline summarization strategy based on dynamic programming. To the best of our knowledge  , our work is the first to establish a collaborative Twitter-based search personalization framework and present an effective means to integrate language modeling  , topic modeling and social media-specific components into a unified framework. The Pearson correlation coefficient suffers the same weakness 29 . But s/he has no idea about which of the many possible databases to search. With the negative log marginal given in equation 15  , learning becomes an optimization problem with the optimization variables being the set {X  , X bias   , θ  , σ}. After a search was done  , the documents found were labeled with the tag of the corresponding search used. Such federated search has the additional benefits of lower computational cost and better scaling properties. We optimize the model parameters using stochastic gradient descent 6  , as follows: AOs can either subscribe to a specific event or to an event pattern. That is  , we break the optimization task into several phases and then optimize each phase individually. For this first experiment  , we report three different measures to capture the extent to which grades were assigned correctly: the Pearson product-moment correlation r and two other measures of interest to testing agencies  , the proportion of cases where the same score was assigned Exact and the proportion of cases where the score assigned was at most one point away from the correct score Adjacent. These variables can recover the global shape of the associated object. Thus the Q-function makes the actions explicit  , which allows us to compute them on-line using the following Q-learning update rule: where a is the learning rate  , and y is the discount factor 0 5 y < 1 . For user-based systems 9   , the similarity between all pairs of users is computed based on their ratings on associated items using some selected similarity measurement such as cosine similarity or Pearson correlation . This user interface can be extended to implement more elaborate search commands. It is straightforward to include other variables  , such as pernode and common additive biases. Vo and Vo also showed that usage of multiple predictors for breaking ties in sort order often improves compression. For the above example  , the developers compute the regular expression once and store it into a variable: The optimization applied to avoid such performance issues is to store the results of the computation for later reuse  , e.g. Due to the space limitations  , the details are omitted here. While this generality is appealing and necessary in situations where modeling is impractical  , learning tends to be less data-efficient and is not generalizable to different tasks within the same environment 8. Thus  , we use an optimization method based on the downhill simplex method 9  , which is a kind of direct search method. There is one Map instance for each ExprXlass in the logical search space. When existing access structures give only partial support for an operation  , then dynamic optimization must be done to use the structures wisely. We discretize each parameter in 5 settings in the range 0  , 1 and choose the best-performer configuration according to a grid search. Then  , a regular expression is used to extract all abbreviations from the articles. However  , due to the low number of participants specifically 5 we managed to involve before the submission deadline  , this method did not prove particularly useful. In particular  , the occurrence of the regular expression operators concatenation  , disjunction +  , zero-or-one  ? In order to be less naive  , a few additional steps in the generation of the regular expression can be be taken. , they are able to detect the matching pairs in the dataset  , but they also misclassify a lot of non-matching pairs  , leading to a low precision. In this section we present experimental results for search with explicit and implicit annotations. Herein  , we measure retrieval performance using average precision AP@k; i.e. The methodology for gathering the criteria uses two instruments  , a free search based on some example tasks and a questionnaire. The optimization on this query is performed twice. The ASN has the capability of learning which action search strategy is the best to take given a particular context. To avoid unnecessary traversals on the database during the evaluation of a path expression  , indexing methods are introduced 15  , 16. We further calculate per topic difference of nDCG@10 between RL3/RL4 and RL2. Permission to copy without fee all or part of this material is granted provided that the copies are not made or distributed for direct commercial advantage  , the VLDB copyright notice and the title of the publication and its date appear  , and notice is given that copying is by permission of the Very Large Data Base Endowment. For practical reasons we limited the scalability and optimization research to full text information re-trieval IR  , but we intend to extent the facilities to full fledged multimedia support. Furthermore  , the time-varying nature of the current problem prohibits one from formulating an adequate cost function.  Order-Preserving Degree OPD: This metric is tailored to query optimization and measures how well Comet preserves the ordering of query costs. The optimal threshold is 0.09 from the experiment. Different trees may have different thresholds for the same predicates  , and can use different matching functions on the same attributes. as in Table 1  , represent a broader  , less structured category of search behavior. The parsers are regular expression based and capable of parsing a single operation. The approach also substantially outperforms a highly effective fusion method that merges the results of the strong and weak search engines. BPTT is to iteratively repeat the calculation of derivations of J with respect to different parameters and obtain these gradients of all the parameters in the end. We notice that the purchase rate drops when the users experience a zero recall search in their search trail. Hence  , the overall complexity of our dynamic programming approach is O Finally  , in lines 17-21  , the reconstruction of buckets takes d steps. Finding the closest mapping thus naturally becomes a search problem -to search for the ranges expressible in the target form that minimally cover the source. However   , stochastic gradient descent requires that training examples are picked at random such that the batched update rule 4 behaves like the empirical expectation over the full training set 11. Despite the single user requiring such a feature and the high rating she assigned to the app  , the barebones developers implemented search suggestions in the release 3.1: " Added Google Search Suggestions " . The state-action deviation problem due to the p e d i a r i t y of the visual information is pointed out as one of the perceptual aliasing problem in applying Q-learning to real robot tasks  , and we cnnstructed an action space to cope with this problem. A mission is terminated when the query of a new search does not share any words with the previous ones. The primary ways to invoke the JavaScript interpreter are through script URLs; event handlers  , all of which begin with " on " ; and " <script> " tags. Relational feature generation is a search problem. Instead of determining the correct grid cell and returning the latitude/longitude of the cell's center  , a text-based twostep approach is proposed in 23: first  , the most likely area is found by a language modeling approach and within the found cell  , the best match images are determined by a similarity search. We therefore configured the Gigascope to only try the regular expression match for DirectConnect if the fixed offset fields match. We provide built-in functions for common operations like regular-expression based substitutions and arithmetic operations  , but also allow user defined functions. a search with the word 'diagnosis' for cases with the 'diagnosis' type  , stemmed title search and stemmed keyword search using the preferred terms of the UMLS concepts from the Googlediagnosis . We abstract two models — query and keyword language models — to study bidding optimization prob- lems. This syntactical variety of references is represented using an or operator in the regular expression. But differing from planning previous like k-certainty exploration learning system or Dyna-Q architecture which utilizes the learned model to adjust the policy or derive an optimal policy to the goal  , the objective of this planning is using the learned model to aid the agent to search the rules not executed till current time and realize fully exploring the environment. The Forest Cover Type problem considered in Figure 9is a particularly challenging dataset because of its size both in terms of the number of the instances and the number of attributes. As such  , any mapping from histories to histories that can be specified by an event expression can be executed by a finite automaton. Several approaches such as 2  , 3  , 11 use regular-expression matching on HTML documents. The developer now has a concrete location in the code from which to consider the change task. Part-of-speech groups in close proximity to the answer  , which correlate to the question text are kept to ensure the meaning is retained: We then generalise the string to a suitable regular expression  , by removing stopwords and inserting named entity classes where appropriate. Of course  , in this particular case all configuration are possible  , but we trained the Q-learning to use this configuration exclusively on the flat terrain since it provides the best observation conditions i.e. We represent the query subject probability as P sb S and introduce it as the forth component to the parsing optimization. For this query and many others  , such a finding guarantees that the query result is empty. The optimization problem becomes even more interesting in the light of interactive querying sessions 2  , which should be quite common when working with inductive databases. ADEPT supports the creation of personalized digital libraries of geospatial information  " learning spaces "  but owns its resources unlike in G-Portal where the development of the collection depends mainly on users' contributions as well as on the discovery and acquisition of external resources such as geography-related Web sites. One can imagine  , for example  , that a query like " best physical training class at Almaden " will indeed return as the first hit a page describing the most popular physical training program offered to IBM Almaden employees  , because many people have annotated this page with the keyword " best " . This dataset  , a dynamic entity available pubficly on the web l  , presently contains several thousand individual FAQ documents  , totalling hundreds of megabytes. As Glusta also uses regular expressions when the user needs to specify additional fitness factors as in the HyperCast experiment  , we will investigate optimizations for our regular expression matching also. For example  , query select project.#.publication selects all of the publications reachable from the project node via zero or more edges. Given a query Q and a tweet D  , the relevance í µí± í µí±í µí±í µí±í µí±í µí±  , í µí°· can be computed as follows: Since there is no guarantee of a unique extremum in the cost function   , a method like simulated annealing can be used to optimize the cost function 22. Therefore  , we extract the title  , abstract  , text  , tables' captions  , figures' captions and the reference part from the raw data. This approach recognizes the interdependencies between the data allocation and query optimization problems  , and the characteristics of local optimum solutions. When preparing a dynamic aspect  , the expression of the pointcut as well as the content of the interceptor depends on the type of the role interactions. Both their and our analyzers first extract a grammar with string operations from a program. On the other hand  , " how-to " questions 35 also referred to as " how-to-do-it " questions 10 are the most frequent question type on the popular Question and Answer Q&A site Stack Overflow  , and the answers to these questions have the potential to complement API documentation in terms of concepts  , purpose  , usage scenarios  , and code examples. Once the number has been identified  , it is tagged with a NUMEX tag  , and the type field of this tag is set with the appropriate name Figure 6. We assume that F x; w changes slowly for not affected values and more so for values for which gradients are applied. The free search was performed by search experts only librarians and professors. In our experiment  , we measured the association between two measured quantities remembering scores and the proposed catalyst features  , i.e. This self-organizing feature makes system performance better than that of the conventional Fuzzy Q-Learning FQL of 181  , in which structure identification  , such as partitioning the input and output space and determination of number of fuzzy rules are still carried out offline and kept fixed during learning. An SDTD is restrained competition iff all regular expressions occurring in rules restrain competi- tion. However  , such approaches have not exploited the query optimization techniques existing in the DBMSs. She can ask the librarian's assistance with regards to the terminology and structure of the domain of interest  , or search the catalogue  , then she can browse the shelf that covers the topic of interest and pick the items that are best for the task at hand. Finally  , we note that the B+Q→Q curve is dominated by the Q→Q curve for smaller profiles because of the simplistic profile construction procedure we used. To avoid unnecessary materializations  , a recent study 6 introduces a model that decides at the optimization phase which results can be pipelined and which need to be materialized to ensure continuous progress in the system. As far as we know  , this is the first work to incorporate the factor of retrieval effectiveness of search engines into the task of federated search. We also ensured that the queries used were different from those used in Task 2  , in order to avoid training effects on particular questions. We showed the optimization of a simple query. It enables users to invoke arbitrary computation using their favorite tools to define data-dependent aspects of the mapping that cannot be cleanly represented in declarative representations. This can be compared to a type-cast in strongly typed object-oriented programming languages where an object's dynamic type must be compatible to the static casted type which can only be determined at runtime. In our work  , we use external resources in a different way: we are targeting better candidate generation and ranking by considering the actual answer entities rather than predicates used to extract them. TREC 2005 was the first year for the enterprise track  , which is an outgrowth of previous years' web track tasks. This setup is more restricted than the one we investigate in this paper: we attempt to place test images as closely to their true geographic location as possible; we are not restricted by a set of classes. , NDCG by using the Simulated Annealing which uses a modification of downhill Simplex method for the next candidate move to find the global min- imum. , models are built and applied on the same project  , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier  , while only random forest ranks in the first tier. We believe ours is the first solution based on traditional dynamic-programming techniques. stochastic dynamic programming  , and recommended actions are executed. But we do not use RMSE because the graded relevance and the estimated relevance have different scales from 0 to 2  , and from 0 to 1 respectively. To help us obtain a deeper understanding of the users' search behaviors  , their interactions with the system were recorded using screen-capture software  , and they provided a think-aloud protocol during each search task. Search. forest-fire with random seeds seem to perform well for themes that are of global importance  , such as 'Social Issues' that subsumes topics like '#BeatCancer'  , 'Swine Flu'  , '#Stoptheviolence' and 'Unemployment'. In this paper  , we make a first step to consider all phases of query optimization in RDF repositories. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. 5. Since the path down the tree is controlled by the nodes that are popped from the heap  , the search is neither a true depth.first nor a true breadth·first search of the hierarchy. is implemented as a rule-based system. The implementation appeared to be outside the RDBMS  , however  , and there was not significant discussion of query optimization in this context. Now  , let us consider the evaluation of assertions which involve the use of the PATH-IS function. The Tester is a set of regular expression patterns that match the URL of the first request in an SHRS. Each control U represents a possible action of the manipulators. Method 1 is one of the most effective approaches for rating prediction in recommender systems 21  , 28  and has been extensively studied in the machine learning literature see for example 25  , 37  , 36  , 22  , 35  , 27 . Right-hand truncation of search terms is also enabled by default. In one experiment with ii queries expressed as ordinary English Questions directed at a collection of 1200 messages  , METER retrieved about seventy percent of relevant messages  , with "retrieved" meaning that a message was in the top 30 returned for a query according to estimated relevance . In 16 Hahn et al. Experimental results reported in this work were obtained on a publicly available benchmark developed by Balog and Neumayer 2  , which uses DBpedia as the knowledge graph. This hierarchical search strategy is enhanced by using a boolean query combination of a query from the hierarchy  , a keyword search  , a title search and a search with a term based on the case topic type. Connec- tions3  is a local file search tool that departs from the traditional desktop search paradigm to incorporate these contextual relationships in search results. Variation of iterations The impact of a duplication of the number of performed iterations is relatively small and very much depends on the type of investigated graph G. Further information is given in the appendix. Third  , we want to extend the modeling scope from a search engine result page to a search session. In particular  , each operand in a Figure 4 : From a regular expression to a probabilistic automaton. ACM 978-1-59593-597-7/07/0007. The notion of identity representation in search is quite simple; the issue can be summed by the question " What does a search engine say about an individual  , when that individual is researched in a search engine by another individual ? " English  , Chinese yeari = paperi's year of publication meshi = set of mesh terms in the paperi In single block selection type queries x19 both TLC-D and TLC-O contribute by removing the blocking factor of DE and Sort. By using the named entities already tagged in the document  , the system can create a number of actual regular expressions  , substituting suitable types into the ANSWER and OBJECT locations. In addition  , a random forest is very fast both in the training and making predictions  , thus making it ideal for a large scale problem such as name disambiguation. First  , existing OWPC is developed for ranking problem with binary values  , i.e. We use a Random Forest model trained on several features to disambiguate two authors a and b in two different papers p and q 28. Our second goal with this demo is to present some of our first experiments with query optimization in Galax. Database snapshots are another example of stored  , derived relations ALgO. Of particular interest are open questions related to the introduction of police-based data placement in an information integration system. 2 investigate two facets of search tasks: product and goal. We propose a novel image search interface to enable users to intuitively input a concept map by typing textual concepts in a blank canvas to formulate the search goal. For the NSDL Science Literacy Maps  , search was defined as any instance of exploration within a map before a node was clicked to view relevant results. We expect  , the Kendall rank correlation coefficient see 30  , another much used rank correlation  , to have similar problems in dealing with distributions. In order to tackle graph containment search  , a new methodology is needed. Parallel multi-join query optimization is even harder 9  , 14  , 25. This indicates that as long as we obtain at least one correct entity to represent a document  , our sophisticated hierarchical and transversal semantic similarity measure can compete with the state-of-the-art even for very short text. There exists rich research on search in social media community   , such as friend suggestion user search  , image tagging tag search and personalized image search image search. Taken together  , our approach works as follows. Also  , stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization. We consider that this is due to a better consideration of this query particular pattern. Or it may be possible that the required regular expression is too complicated to write. For domains with wildcards  , the associated virtual host must use a regular expression that reflects all possible names. For write effects  , we give the starting points for both objects and the regular expressions for the paths. To our best knowledge  , we are among the first to adopt visual saliency information in predicting search examination behavior. We also augment each such abstract heap location with a formula  , which is a conservative encoding of the current state of that location  , including its type constraints. The search engine can be activated in different modes applying three different search types  , namely  , Automatic Query Expansion auto  , Interactive Query Expansion semi  , and a regular search without query expansion none. Table 2shows the BMEcat-2005-compliant mapping for product-specific details. We generate the top k similar images of an image by computing the distance of visual feature vectors. The engine returns a search result list. The Pearson correlation is 0.463  , which shows a strong dependency between the median AP scores of a topic on both collections. In this paper  , we propose CyCLaDEs an approach that allows to build a behavioral decentralized cache hosted by LDF clients. Our problem  , and corresponding dynamic programming table  , is thus two-dimensional. The technique proposed assumes the parameter space to be discrete and runs the randomized query optimizer for each point in the parameter space. In the following  , we introduce our dynamic programming approach for discretization. Pincer- Search 4 uses a bottom-up search along with top-down pruning. Exploratory search is defined as a class of search activities performed to learn or discover new information 16. The Starburst optimizer also has a greedy join enumerator that can generate left-deep  , right-deep and bushy execution trees. The minimum amount of main memory needed by Sort/Merge is three disk block buffers  , because in the sort phase  , two input buffers and one output buffer are needed. The following regular expression list is a sample of answer patterns to question type " when_do_np1_vp_np2 " . The terms identified are then ANDed to the previous search query to narrow the search. For example the template page can be parsed by the legacy wiki engine page parser and " any character sequence " blocks or more specific blocks like " any blank character "  can be inserted where appropriate. These keyword-list RegExps are compiled manually from various sources. Content expressions. Although Miller-Charles experiment was carried out 25 years later than Rubenstein- Goodenough's  , two sets of ratings are highly correlated pearson correlation coefficient=0.97. Additional simulations with relatively small damping terms were found to converge  , however  , the resulting tip motion had large overshoot and prolonged oscillation. In section 6  , we briefly discuss some theoretical and practical issues related to variational dynamic programming. At profile level  , the two classifiers performed very similarly instead  , and their classifications were strongly correlated Pearson correlation coefficient of r = .73: each profile  , on average  , was considered to be positive/negative to a very similar extent by both classifiers. For each project-investor pair  , we predict whether the investor supports the project prediction is 1 or not prediction is 0. Then the loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model  , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. For query optimization  , we show how the DataGuide can be used as a parh index. This is to say that users with a high level of English proficiency accept fewer recommendations with respect to users with a low level. That is  , at each stage a complete query evaluation plan exists. The word pairs with highest association scores are {AI+4  , CP+0}  , {PG- 1 ,GH+0}  , {EE-4 ,EL-3} and the corresponding regular expressions are CPxxAI  , PGH  , EEL. A particular value in the value set is obtained by selecting an ADT for each generic type parameter and a value for each generic value parameter  , expanding the regular expression so that it contains only atoms  , and replacing each atom with a value instance from its ADT. In practice  , instead of segmenting text into n parts directly   , usually hierarchical segmentation of text is utilized and at each level a text string is segmented into two parts. Extracting URLs using a regular expression regex is not new and the regex 5 used in a previous study 2  by the Los Alamos Hiberlink team. Common " similarity " measures include the Pearson correlation coefficient 19  and the cosine similarity 3 between ratings vectors. For confident corrections  , the search engine can search the corrected query directly. By this way  , the robot acquired stable target approaching and obstacle avoida nce behavior. We discretize the height map into a grid of 48 x 48  , for all 3 channels. The first two results are duplicates  , the third result is 8 years old  , and the fourth is not a course syllabus. However  , this resulted in severe overfitting . It is typical in the biological or chemical domains  , to have interesting patterns that contain holes  , i.e. After a period of usage  , the server side will accumulate a collection of clickthrough data  , which records the search history of Web users. We sort the full set Of 6Qj F values and delete any duplicates. A basic search allows a search with simple keywords and then the matched results are returned in ranked order. In this paper we have proposed to use the traditional architecture for query optimization wherein a large execution space is searched using dynamic programming strategy for the least cost execution based on a cost model. Training users on how to construct queries can improve search behaviour 26.