Parameter q specifies the sentiment information from how many preceding days are considered    , and K indicates the number of hidden sentiment factors used by S-PLSA to represent the sentiment information. Leading into TREC 2007 it was empirically determined that the models based on grouping questions by answer types was most effective     , and so was the configuration used for the TREC 2007 test set. To compare the two approaches in detail    , we are interested in answering two questions. These feature values are then used by a ranking model calculated via Learning To Rank to provide an ordered list of vocabulary terms. This toleration factor reflects the inherent resolving limitation of a given relevance scoring function    , and thus within this toleration factor    , the ranking of documents can be seen as arbitrary. Additional experiments have to point out which reason or reasons actually explain the experimental results the best. Following the likelihood principle    , one determines P d    , P zjd    , and P wjz b y maximization of the logglikelihood function 
L = X d2D X w2W nd; w log P d; w ; 3 
where nd; w denotes the term frequency    , i.e. The dataset sizes are chosen such that the index data structure of the basic LSH method can entirely fit into the main memory. Further investigation is needed to take full advantage of the prior information provided by term weighting schemes. , precision and purity. It is believed that there is no further sophistication to this representation    , but within the confines of the investigation    , it was not possible to determine this for certain~. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods    , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. In the WSDM Evaluation setup    , we compare the performance of BARACO and MT using the following metrics: AUC and Pearson correlation as before. The training of CCL is performed simultaneously by minimizing the distance between query and image mappings in the latent subspace weighted by their clicks    , and preserving the structure relationships between the training examples in the original feature space. Thus to study the issue of user personalization we make use of our rating and review data see 
Features
Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 
TRAINING
Since we have defined a probability associated with the presence or absence of each relationship    , we can proceed by maximizing the likelihood of an observed relationship set R. In order to do so we randomly select a negative set Q = {rij|rij / ∈ R} such that |Q| = |R| and optimize the log likelihood lY  ,c|R    , Q = Learning then proceeds by optimizing lY  ,c|R    , Q over both Y and c which we achieve by gradient ascent. RELATED WORK
 Identifying the search intent of a user query is a longstanding research goal in IR that is generally treated as a classification scheme. We had hoped that with the CLIR track in its third year    , more groups would start to experiment with non-English query languages. Each perturbation vector is directly applied to the hash values of the query object    , thus avoiding the overhead of point perturbation and hash value computations associated with the entropy-based LSH method. In order to improve the quality of opinion extraction results    , we extracted the title and content of the blog post for indexing because the scoring functions and Lucene indexing engine cannot differentiate between text present in the links and sidebars of the blog post. The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. We measure mainly the hit-ratio; the fraction of queries answered by the decentralized cache. Under the structure preservation criterion    , it is reasonable to minimize Eq.3    , since it will incur a heavy penalty if two similar examples are mapped far away. One is a variant of the Bellcore SuperBook system
Experiments
In an effort to compare the image and text versions of the same material    , we ran some systematic experiments at Cornell    , using 36 students as experimental subjects in a controlled sitation. Most steps just move the point of the simplex where the objective value is largest highest point to a lower point with the smaller objective value. Also see the PR-curves for the baseline 
Concept cross translation
The numbers in table 1 show that the CLIR approach in general outperforms our baseline. Here a candidate path is a path from vs or vt to an intermediate vertex that follows the appropriate pattern. For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers    , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. To the best of our knowledge    , ours is the first attempt at learning and applying character-level tweet embeddings . However    , evidences show that even if there exists a strong correlation between the number of blog mentions of a new product and the sales rank of the product    , it could still be very difficult to make a successful prediction of sales ranks based on the number of blog mentions 
Blog mentions
Let us look at the following two movies    , The Da Vinci Code and Over the Hedge    , which are both released on 
Box office data and user rating
Besides the blogs    , we also collect for each movie one month's box office data daily gross revenue from the IMDB website 2 . With a more quantitatively informed approach    , practitioners can select the most suitable experimental design to minimize the benchmark's run time for any desired level of accuracy. One is the time-dependent content similarity measure between queries using the cosine kernel function; another is the likelihood for two queries to be grouped in a same cluster from the click-through data given the timestamp. The measurements were taken at five levels of minimum confidence    , and they are shown in 
We consider the results to be a positive indication that the predictive model is not over fitting the training data. The major issue in the integration of biomedical data is the large number of distributed    , semantically disparate data sources that need to be combined into a useful and usable system for biologists. The final output of the forest is a weighted sum of the class distributions output by all of the trees in the forest. On Persons 1    , the three curves are near -coincidental    , while in the case of ACM-DBLP    , the best performance of the proposed system was achieved in the first iteration itself hence    , two curves are coincidental. EXPERIMENTS
We carried out experiments using the benchmark Learning to Rank LETOR OHSUMED data set 
Parameter choices
There are several design choices which are common to both the GP-Rank and FITC-Rank model    , including the number of prototypes per label value    , the type of kernel function     , how prototypes are initialised    , and how kernel hyperparameters are initialised. But we do not use RMSE because the graded relevance and the estimated relevance have different scales from 0 to 2    , and from 0 to 1 respectively. Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method    , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. Each metric captures a unique aspect of the classifier's performance. Third    , as we move from a university to a national level    , our data warehousing solution may not scale when different annotation    , experimental and clinical data is gathered at multiple institutions. A typical HIT might involve translating a paragraph of text    , labeling an image    , or completing a survey. Studies may range from experimental evaluations testing particular system features to large-scale surveys on users and usage patterns. Interface Design
The interface we created to collect preference judgements had the following design. The encoding procedure can be summarized as: 
H conv = CharCN N T  6 ht = LST M gt    , ht−1 7 
where g = H conv is an extracted feature matrix where each row can be considered as a time-step for the LSTM and ht is the hidden representation at time-step t. LSTM operates on each row of the H conv along with the hidden vectors from previous time-step to produce embedding for the subsequent time-steps. Our random forest is composed of binary trees and a weight associated with each tree. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. , 
κ = m l=1 1 m κ l     , 
 and adopts this combined kernel for KLSH. The use of the 
q W v W . Experimental Design
Scenario. LIB+LIF: To weight a term    , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. , w k p  is given by w k = K −1/2 e k S . As shown in 
SIGIR 2007 Proceedings Session 25: Combination and Fusion 
Comparison with alternative methods
To verify that the sentiment information captured by the S-PLSA model plays an important role in box office revenue prediction    , we compare ARSA with two alternative methods which do not take sentiment information into consideration. The latter problem is trivial    , as users tend to have very few pinboards per category 
Category prediction
We design a multi-class Random Forest classifier 7 to learn which category a user will repin a given image into. To determine if a profile is better than another one    , we use the generalized Jaccard similarity coefficient defined as: 
Jx    , y = i minx i     , y i  i maxx i     , y i  
where x and y are two multi-sets and the natural numbers x i ≥ 0 and y i ≥ 0 are the multiplicity of item i in each multiset. We then refine this and predict which pinboard is used    , if the category chosen by the user is known. We present the influence of α l     , αg and β in 
Community Membership Evaluation
On the PAPER dataset    , the evaluation result of NCut CCD = 1351.02    , and we list the evaluation results of Net- PLSA regarding to its parameter λ in 
Case Study
This section gives some case studies in the PAPER dataset to show the semantic community discovery ability of ToP. Its time complexity mainly depends on l. We denote dmax to the largest number of paths end in an arbitrary node with length no more than l. The time required for scanning each node is Odmax log dmax    , including the time used for searching candidate nodes    , sorting candidate nodes by their ranks    , and allocating influence. An example for our CQA intent classification task may be {G : 0.3    , CQA : 0.7}    , which means that the forest assessment of an input query is that it is a general Web query G with 30% probability    , and a CQA query CQA with 70% probability. The interaction design included 30 complex questions; for each    , participants could submit a URL to an interactive system. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. Our research builds on summarization systems by identifying core concepts that are central ideas in a scientific domain. Any programming language which supports static types could be used as well    , for example MODULA /Wi83/. Also    , when the standardised server is in place real    , strongly typed links via dynamic linking or interpretation could profitably be considered. This last point may be illustrated by considering the results of term weighting experiments carried out recently by Christopher Buckley at Cornell 
Univ~rsity. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in 
Combinations 
Cross-Site Scripting
As with SQL injection    , cross-site scripting 
Cross-Site Scripting Detection
Indications of cross-site scripting are detected during the reverse engineering phase    , when a crawler performs a complete scan of every page within a Web application. For evaluation purposes    , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. , in 
RETRIEVAL MODEL
In this section we derive our ranking mechanism. The profile characterizes the content of the cache of LDF client at a given moment. The latter three variables were based on the topic classifications defined in the ImageCLEF 2007 
Data and Topics
The ImageCLEF 2007 collection is a set of 20  ,000 images    , 60 search topics    , and associated relevance judgments. We focused on the problem of opinion topic relatedness and we showed that using proximity information of opinionated terms to query terms is a good indicator of opinion and query-relatedness. Building conversation systems    , in fact    , has attracted much attention over the past decades. We first vary K    , with fixed p and q values p = 7    , and q = 1. The coefficients co and cl are estimated through the maximization of a likelihood function L    , built in the usual fashion     , i.e. dynamic programming    , greedy    , simulated annealing    , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 
Extendibility
As anticipated    , to meet the extensibility and maintainability requirement previously identified the VDL Generator is    , by design    , composed of three parts: the search strategy    , the logical components and their search space    , the physical components and their search space. The third one is the CMU system    , which gives the best performance in TREC 2007 and 2008 evaluations 
Baseline 
CONCLUSIONS
In this paper    , we introduced two probabilistic models that model individual blog posts as hidden variables for blog seed retrieval tasks. In this way    , we can represent a DTD or Schema structure as a set of parallel trees    , which closely resemble DTD/Schema syntax    , with links connecting some leaves with some roots    , in a graph-like manner. Multi-Probe vs. Entropy-Based Methods
Although both multi-probe and entropy-based methods visit multiple buckets for each hash table    , they are very different in terms of how they probe multiple buckets. Experiment Design
Two datasets of movie ratings are used in our experiments: MovieRating 
and EachMovie 2 . Our monolingual results for the four languages    , using the human-translated queries provided by NIST    , were significantly below those seen on the TREC-7 CLIR task: The reasons for this drop in performance are unclear. We present optimization strategies for various scenarios of interest. 9 
The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. The last LSTM decoder generates each character    , C    , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128    , ht−1    , for the next time-step prediction. Our hypothesis was that a cluster of documents that shared a tag should be more similar than a randomly selected set of documents. The user interface is then established by performing experimental evaluations. LSH INDEXING
The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. They were free to choose the topic language    , and then had to find relevant documents in the pool regardless of the languages in which the texts were formulated. To obtain the ontology    , we explored the semantic distributions in the domain of personal photos by mining frequent tags from active users in Flickr. There are many different schemes for choosing Δλ. We have shown very competitive results relative to the LETOR-provided baseline models. First    , with similar query times    , the query-directed probing sequence requires significantly fewer hash tables than the step-wise probing sequence. We follow the typical generative model in Information Retrieval that estimates the likelihood of generating a document given a query    , pd|q. Model Formulation
 Based on the assumptions defined above    , in this section we propose a Two-Dimensional Click Model TDCM to explain the observed clicks. To achieve this goal    , we first partition the timeline into N continuous bins of equal size. However    , this feature was quite noisy and sparse    , particularly for URLs with query parameters e.g. 6 can be estimated by maximizing the following data log-likelihood function    , 
Lω    , α= M u=1 N v=1 log Nz z=1  1 Ze u exp j=1 αzjgjeu δruv K i=1 ωzifieu    , dv 
7 
where M is the number of the entities and N is the number of the documents in training set.   , as the product of the probabilities of the single observations    , which are functions of the covariates whose values are known in the observations and the coefficients which are the unknowns. As a result    , 
shows the result of the experiment after the second step of the breadth-first search. The many-to-many translation relations for biological and its paraphrased or synonymous words between English and Chinese are depicted in 
OUR APPROACH: OVERVIEW
Our approach of using translation representation for a monolingual retrieval task is summarized in 
CONSTRUCTION OF TRANSLATION REPRESENTATION
Expected Frequency of an Auxiliary Word
In this paper    , source language refers to the language of a given document collection    , and auxiliary language refers to an additional language used as the translation representation . Query Likelihood
 In case of the query likelihood also referred as standard LM approach     , documents are ranked according to the likelihood of them being relevant given the query P D|Q. The predictor pops the top structure off of the queue and tries to extend it using the substantiator. Volcano uses a non-interleaved strategy with a transformation-based enumerator. The first independent model IND assumes that the relevance of a specific top-ranked passage si is independent of the relevance of any other passage in s. We use the logistic function to model the relevance of a passage. The results show that query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the step-wise probing sequence. Future work will produce finer grained models specific to the methods applicable to XP and Dynamic Systems Development Method    , APs with substantial records of successful industrial application    , which will then be mapped to software risk elements. We are interested in answering the question about the space requirements    , search time and search quality trade-offs for different LSH methods. Several interviewees reported that " operationalization " of their predictive models—building new software features based on the predictive models is extremely important for demonstrating the value of their work. This lack of relationship between sentiment and success may be a masking effect    , due to the correlation between positive sentiment and other variables like reciprocity Pearson correlation coefficient r = .08 and word length r = .10. , models are built and applied on the same project    , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier    , while only random forest ranks in the first tier. However    , we recognize the limitations of the trade-offs we made in our study design     , including the small sample size and lack of experimental control. Sine~ each node consists of only 24 bytes and the top-down search is closer to a depth-first search than a breadth-first search    , the amount of space required by the hierarchy n·odes is not excessive. Our hope is that this paper provides a simple and actionable understanding of the procedures involved in benchmarking for performance changes in other contexts as well. In general    , we propose to maximize the following normalized likelihood function with a relative weight c~    , 
 N~N6w K log k N~ 6' K  + N.zXlog 4     , e     , 4 
with respect to all parameters   ,I   ,    , ~    , r. The normalization ensures that each document gets the same weight irrespective of its length; 0 < c~ < 1 has to be specified a priori. This has been done in a heuristic fashion in the past    , and may have stifled the performance of classical probabilistic approaches. character and word n-grams extracted from CNN can be encoded into a vector representation using LSTM that can embed the meaning of the whole tweet. As shown in 
New York Times Collection
 With the NY Times corpus    , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity    , rand index    , and precision Table 5. If we randomly pick a document from the collection    , the chance that a term ti appears in the document can be estimated by the ratio between the number of documents containing the term ni i.e. Note that    , in practice    , it is generally infeasible to consider all the words appearing in the blog entries as potential features     , because the feature set would be extremely large in the order of 100  ,000 in our data set    , and the cost of constructing a document-feature matrix could be prohibitively high. The most popular choices for pooling operation are: max and average pooling. To avoid underflow and multiplication by zero    , we employ log-likelihood instead of likelihood: 
LogLikelihoodeScw|D f w  = w∈Scw ln P w|D f w  
 To reward similar words in at least one model of sentence likelihood as before    , we use a second    , more relaxed model of the loglikelihood of D generating S as a high-coreness sentence as follows: 
LogLikelihoodrScw|D f w  = w 1 ∈Scw ln max w 2 ∈D f w relw1    , w2 · P w2|D f w  
This second model introduces the lexical relw1    , w2 function into the formula in order to value words that are not present in the domain standards but are similar or related to words that are present. Therefore    , we begin with an overview of Semin and Fiedler's Linguistic Category Model LCM 
Linguistic Category Model 
 Both the LEB and the LIB build upon the Linguistic Category Model. Results: Overall Approach
First    , we used the data extracted from DBpedia consisting of the 52 numeric & textual data properties of the City class to test our proposed overall approach SemanticTyper. CONCLUSIONS AND FUTURE WORK
We have described the design and implementation of HearSay    , an audio Web browser system. At a topic selection meeting    , the seven topics from each site that were felt to be best suited for the multilingual retrieval setting were then selected. PARC had developed a number of experimental software development tools and office tools based on the Alto personal computer 
The experimental office tools were the result of several research projects that had produced extensive userinterface design knowledge. To compare data    , using the concept of provenance from 
We are currently working on annotating the experimental data using concepts from ProPreO and GlycO 
RELATED WORK
There has been increased activity in development and integration of ontologies. We measure its value as the Shannon entropy of a location: 
Hl = − ï¿¿ u∈N h S l p l u logp l u 4 
where p l u is the probability that a given check-in in place l is made by user u. In order to deepen our understanding of interactive searching and its evaluation    , a typology of search topics needs to be developed. Note that the variance is inversely proportional to the number of ratings so as the number of ratings increases the model becomes increasingly more certain in the preferences decreasing the variance. Further assuming under this condition that the Web application is invulnerable induces a false negative discussed in Section 5 as PF L |V  ,D. If an injection succeeds    , it serves as an example of the IKM learning from experience and eventually producing a valid set of values. Recently    , max pooling has been generalized to kmax pooling 
Softmax
The output of the penultimate convolutional and pooling layers x is passed to a fully connected softmax layer. The query sets for learning and evaluation are the same as those in the experiments of section 4    , that is to say    , Q r and Q2    , respectively. Introduction
Following Linked Data principles    , data providers made billions of triples available on the web 
– We present CyCLaDEs an approach to build a behavioral decentralized cache on client-side. The first order derivatives are: 
= e −v u  ,i  ,t ·r u  ,i  ,t 1 + e −v u  ,i  ,t ·r u  ,i  ,t · −ru  ,i  ,t 
 Based on the above derivation    , we can use the stochastic gradient descent method to find the optimal parameters. We note that during our research we also trained our random forest using the query words directly    , instead of their mapped clusters. The prediction of character at each time step is given by: 
P Ct|· = sof tmaxTt    , ht−1 
8 
where Ct refers to the character at time-step t    , Tt represents the one-hot vector of the character at time-step t. The result from the softmax is a decoded tweet matrix T dec     , which is eventually compared with the actual tweet or a synonymreplaced version of the tweet explained in Section 3 for learning the parameters of the model. Extensive experiments on our datasets demonstrated that our TDCM model can accurately explain the user behavior in QAC. Considering the Random Forest based approaches we vary the number of trees ranging from 10 to 1000. yt = p i=1 φiyt−i + q i=1 K j=1 ρi  ,jωt−i  ,j + t    , 
2 
where p    , q    , and K are user-chosen parameters    , while φi and ρi  ,j are parameters whose values are to be estimated using the training data. But these tools were not consistent in terms of software design    , implementation language or user interface. The method: RaPiD7
An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents    , 7 steps. We found that we are able to predict correctly implicit state information based on geospatial named entities using a Random Forest RF classifier with precision of 0.989    , recall 0.798    , and F1 of 0.883    , for Pennsylvania. Together with the self-learning knowledge base    , NRE makes a deep injection possible. Moreover    , our created lexicon outperforms the competitive counterpart on emotion classification task. For a value of a property    , the likelihood probability is calculated as P 'value | pref erred based on the frequency count table of that column. Image tagging aims to automatically assign concepts to images and has been studied intensively in the past decade    , while transfer deep learning has drawn a great deal of attention recently with the success of deep learning techniques. Furthermore    , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. With these choices    , nearby objects those within distance r have a greater chance p1 vs. p2 of being hashed to the same value than objects that are far apart those at a distance greater than cr away. It is worth noting that although we have only used S- PLSA for the purpose of prediction in this work    , it is indeed a model general enough to be applied to other scenarios. We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. In our experiments    , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. By emphasizing the discriminative power specificity of a term    , LIB reduces weights of terms commonly shared by unrelated documents    , leading to fewer of these documents being grouped together smaller false positive and higher precision. Procedures and Experimental Design
The study was conducted in the Human-Computer Interaction Lab at the University of Maryland at College Park UMD. Differences are related to the goals of the methods and the scope of using the methods in software development projects. The first factor    , subject culture    , had two values: American and Chinese. Semantic Accuracy: We observed an SP of 91.92 % for the OWL-S TC query dataset. The default probing method for multi-probe LSH is querydirected probing. gorithm 1 outlines the key steps of KLSH    , where b is a critical parameter that determines the length of hash key to be constructed in KLSH. Since we analyzed document similarity based on weighted word frequency    , it was important that non-English documents be removed    , since we used an English-language corpus to estimate the general frequency of word occurrence. Thus    , our solution successfully combines together two traditionally important aspects of IR: unsupervised learning of text representations word embeddings from neural language model and learning on weakly supervised data. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. However    , the MorphAdorner dictionary is an unusually large and clean knowledge base by CLIR standards. Pairs chosen should have the following properties:  Spread of sites: If a certain population of sites are of interest    , a representative spread of sites should be included in the evaluation. The shakwat group University of Paris 8 experimented with a random-walk approach using a space built using semantic indexing    , and containing the blog posts    , as well as the headlines    , in a window around the date of the topic. Participants were free to experiment with different topic fields using either the title    , description or narrative – or all three    , and with both automatic and manual runs    , similar to the definitions of the TREC adhoc task. Intuitively    , ωt  ,j represents the average fraction of the sentiment " mass " that can be attributed to the hidden sentiment factor j. Given a human-issued message as the query    , our proposed system will return the corresponding responses based on a deep learning-to-respond schema. This provides the needed document ranking function. Those which are specific to software and account for the internal complexity of programs i. e.    , their dynamic behaviors and    , possibly    , psychometric data on the programming activity. Note that while reputation is a function of past activities of an identity    , trustworthiness is a prediction for the future. LIF    , on the other hand    , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . To simplify our experiments    , we dropped the document segments that were in the gold standard but were not in the ranked list of selected retrieved segments although we could have kept them by folding them into the LSA spaces. Moreover    , it is worth noticing that    , since the search strategy and the application context are independent from each other    , it is possible to easily re-use and experiment strategies developed in other disciplines    , e.g. Based on this idea    , an optimization approach is developed to efficiently search for a weighting scheme. However    , this step of going the last mile is often difficult for Modeling Specialists    , such as Participants P7 and P12. Because the denominator holds the maximum entropy and normalized entropy is subtracted from 1    , F falls in the range 
Sσ i     , σ j  = σ i · σ j σ i σ j 2 
 Because facts cannot have negative frequencies    , similarities are in the range 
Styles    , Institutions and Reproduction 
 Cultural Reproduction: Styles are mechanisms of reproduction of focus. In the second stage    , for the identification of the facet inclination of a given feed    , the IowaS group used sentiment classifiers and various heuristics for ranking posts according to each facet. In all cases    , the first constraint is timed q 
    , tmax    , and the second constraint is 
FEATURES
In this section    , we present features used for learning a ranking model for related news predictions. Evaluation Datasets
We have used two datasets in our evaluation. Finally    , to predict the ratings for the test user    , we will simply add the weights to the standard memory-based approach. But combining these sources would presumably improve effectiveness of CTIR    , much as evidence combination has aided CLIR 
Naive Combination
It is tempting simply to assume that strong evidence on both dimensions – dictionary and spelling – should increase our confidence in a translation. University faculty lists form the seeds for such a crawl. As the first click model for QAC    , our TDCM model could be extended in several ways in the future. These categories are:  REL/RETR-relevant documents retrieved above the cut- off  NON/RETR-non-relev8llt documents retrieved above the cutoff  REL/NON-relevant documents not retrieved above the 'cutoff 
What the results in 
The incrementing of document scores in this way is ba.sed on a probabilistic model of retrieval described in Croft's paper. This metric is computed for the two main activities of posting updates tweets and mentioning others. Our approach is compared to two commonly used weighting schemes: the inverse user frequency IUF 
3 How is the weighted memory-based approach compared to other approaches  ? In early years    , researchers have investigated into task-oriented conversation systems 
RELATED WORK
Conversation Systems
Early work on conversation systems is generally based on rules or templates and is designed for specific domains 
 Unlike previous work    , we conduct a novel study of retrievalbased automatic conversation systems with a deep learning-torespond schema via deep learning paradigm. Another attractive property is that the proposal is constant and does not depend on ztd    , thus    , we precompute it once for the entire MCMC sweep. In this section we describe our tracking system and the experimental data set. This indicates that IMRank is efficient at solving the influence maximization problem via finding a final self-consistent ranking. We contrast our prediction technique that leverages social cues and image content features with simpler methods that leverage color spaces    , intensity    , and simple contextual metrics. These test collections are meant to be portable    , reusable    , statistically powerful    , and open to anyone that wishes to work on the problem of retrieval over sessions. Twenty-one participants were recruited from the UMD community. We conjecture that the larger amount least information is needed to explain a term's probability in a document vs. in the collection    , the more heavily the term should be weighted to represent the document 
LI Binary LIB Model
 In the binary model    , a term either occurs or does not occur in a document.   , ridge regularization.