In contrast  , in this paper we propose a novel parameterized query expansion model that applies parameterized concept weighting to both the explicit and the latent query concepts. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. In order to use established best-first search approaches  , we need to make the heuristic function both additive and positive. BBN9MONO BBN9XLA BBN9XLB BBN9XLC 0.2888 0.3401 0.3326 0.3099 Table 3shows the impact of query expansion on cross-lingual retrieval performance. Figure 1b illustrates the likelihood function for the path. We omit Raw for word-sequence embedding w W S because there is no logic in comparing word-sequence vectors of two different documents. Moreover  , a fixed point for each motion primitive By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. In brief sum  , " to-translate-or-not-to-translate " is influenced by various and complicated causes. It can extract facts of a certain given relation from Web documents. A control strategy is needed to decide on the rewrite rules that should be applied to a given statement sequence. Empty string K is a valid regular expression. Sometimes such expressions are written identically in different languages and no translation is needed. One action is selected according to Boltzmann Dis­ tribution in the learning phase  , and is selected accord­ ing to the greedy metho d in the execution phase using the Q-values. The parameterized query expansion method proposed in this paper addresses these limitations. The evaluation metric is Mean Average Precision MAP. After baking  , we measured the fold angle of each self-folded actuator. The benefit is that it is much safer to incrementally add highly informative but strongly correlated features such as exact phrase match  , match with and without stemming  , etc. Inclusion of rare translations in a CLIR application was shown to be problematic for all three methods  , however. A * search is therefore more computationally expensive on average than hill climbing. Hence  , by leveraging the objective function  , we can address the sparsity problem of check-in data  , without directly fitting zero check-ins. Another possible direction for this work is fitting the features onto a global object model. The speedup is calculated as the query execution time when the optimization is not applied divided by the optimized time. The question of interest in cooperative and competitive games is what strategies players should follow to maximize the expected payoff. We use the entire 1.2k labeled examples   , which are collected in December 2014  , to train a Random Forest classifier. In step 1  , Sa ,g  , which denotes similarity between users a and centroid vectors of clusters g  , is computed using the Pearson correlation coefficient  , defined below: Compute a prediction from a weighted combination of the term weights using centroid vectors of clusters. Latent semantic models based on the latent space matching approach learn vector representations for queries and documents  , such that the distance between a query vector vQ and a document vector vD reflects the degree of relevance of the document D to the query Q. In this way  , the problem of similarity search is transformed to an interval search problem. We point out some design constraints on the configuration of the coils and the permanent magnets  , and discuss briefly calibration and accuracy of the motor. Thus the robots would need to explicitly coordinate which policies they &e to evaluate  , and find a way to re-do evaluations that are interrupted by battery changes. Accordingly  , it is able to localize points more precisely even if an image is suffering from noise. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features  , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. It is less restrictive than subgraph isomorphism  , and can be determined in quadratic time 16. Bound the marginal distributions in latent space In the previous section  , we have discussed how the marginal distribution difference can be bounded in the space W . In this paper  , we propose a probabilistic entity retrieval model that can capture indirect relationships between nodes in the RDF graph. Internal link checks are not yet implemented. However  , developers have to write these pattern specifications as an overlay on the underlying code. Moral: AQuery transformations bring substantial performance improvements  , especially when used with cost-based query optimization. These search based methods work only for low-dimensional systems because their time/space complexity is exponential in the dimension of the explored set. We apply simulated annealing SA in order to resolve individual data points within a region of overlap. We hypothesize that the double Pareto naturally captures a regime of recency in which a user recalls consuming the item  , and decides whether to re-consume it  , versus a second regime in which the user simply does not bring the item to mind in considering what to consume next; these two behaviors are fundamentally different  , and emerge as a transition point in the function controlling likelihood to re-consume. Answer extraction methods applied are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . More specifically  , the problem is considered solved if high-quality training resources parallel text  , online dictionaries  , multi-lingual thesauri  , etc. LSH is a promising method for approximate K-NN search in high dimensional spaces. By limiting the complexity of the model  , we discourage over-fitting. The techniques of unanchored mode operation  , sub-pattern matching   , 'don't care' symbols  , variable precursor position anchoring and selective anchoring as described for a single cascade can be extended to this twodimensional pattern matching device. For GMG  , the plots show the loglikelihoods of models obtained after model size reduction performed using AKM. 9 also focused on the frequency domain verification of transfer function models for a single-link flexible arm. Obviously  , this does require the imputation to be as accurate as possible. Several alternate transfer functions are proposed. The basic idea is that there is uncertainty in the prediction of the ranking lists of images based on current visual distances of retrieved images to the query image. We derive two basic quanti-ties  , namely LI Binary LIB and LI Frequency LIF  , which can be used separately or combined to represent documents. Since softassign determines the correspondence between data sets  , the exact correspondences are not needed in advance. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantially benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. Machine learning systems treat the SBD task as a classification problem  , using features such as word spelling  , capitalization  , sumx  , word class  , etc. With this model  , we can reduce the effects of background words and learn a model which better captures words concentrating around users' collective interests. In our system  , we use a standard Jaccard-based hashing method to find similar news articles. Table 10 shows our best performance according to micro average F and SU. The input of a transfer function is V before the execution of the instruction   , and the output is the new V after the execution. He concluded that cluster-based selection could not improve upon greedy ranking-based selection  , but a second approach that integrated relevance and redundancy into a single score in a way similar to mRmR 8 did so. This phenomenon is extremely important to explore the semantic relevance when the label information is unknown. The MI- LOS XML database supports high performance search and retrieval on heavily structured XML documents  , relying on specific index structures 3 ,14  , as well as full text search 13  , automatic classification 8  , and feature similarity search 15 ,5 . Therefore  , an expansion term which occurs at a position close to many query terms will receive high query relatedness and thus will obtain a higher importance weight. Moreover  , DBSCAN requires a human participant to determine the global parameter Eps. In this paper we have combined information extraction  , deductive reasoning and relational machine learning to integrate all sources of available information in a modular way. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 11. In spite of its reasonably acceptable performance  , it has an important drawback as a relevant page on the topic might be hardly reachable when this page is not pointed by pages relevant to the topic. LESS's merge passes of its external-sort phase are the same as for standard external sort  , except for the last merge pass. We do this in an automatic way by detecting named entities that can represent temporal queries for performing temporal search experiments. We will show that the scheme achieves good qualitative performance at a low indexing cost. target formats can be executed loss-free; however  , this cannot be said in general for the transformation of a source to a target format. The patterns are assumed to be always right-adjusted in each cascade. In CEMT-based method  , we use a CEMT system named TransEasy 4 to translate the queries into English. In the first case  , the Triplify script searches a matching URL pattern for the requested URL  , replaces potential placeholders in the associated SQL queries with matching parts in the request URL  , issues the queries and transforms the returned results into RDF cf. Given that the Meet space is unlikely to be convex  , there is no guarantee that this greedy hill climbing approach will find a global optimum  , but  , as we will show  , it tends to reliably find good solutions for our particular problem. This is illustrated in Figure 7we see that both domain-tailored regular expression matching and an instance of the domain-trained IE system Amilcare 5 will be used side-by-side  , Amilcare learning from the successfully validated instances produced by the former. A depthfirst search strategy has two major advantages. Query compilation produces a single query plan for both relational and XML data accesses  , and the overall query tree is optimized as a whole. The play is divided into acts in such a way that each act has a fixed set of actors participating objects fitting conveniently on the scene scenario diagram. Along non-heating portions  , the trace width was made as wide as possible under geometric constraints in order to minimize unwanted heating and deformation. Query session := <query  , context> clicked document* Each session contains one query  , its corresponding context and a set of documents which the user clicked on or labeled which we will call clicked documents. These criteria are: The middle part of the screen displays the search result. If many output tuples am generated  , the Hash Loop Join will perform better. Like the hill climbing method  , we stop adjusting the weights when the increase between the current AUC and the previous AUC is less than a very small value ¯. Their work is similar to the CA-FSM presented in this paper  , but they handle a wider class of queries  , including those with references. p i and sq i are the index of pattern and sequence respectively  , indicating from where the further matching starts. the strategy management a tool has been implemented in Java which enables the definition of new aging strategies e.g. However  , to increase opportunities for optimization   , all AQ i are combined into one audit query AQ whose output is a set of query identifiers corresponding to those AQ i that yield non-empty results. Interesting orders are those that are useful for later operations e.g. In the rest of the experiments  , we always take query expansion into account in our suggestion ranking models. All our official runs were evaluated by trec eval as they were baselines  , because we updated the final ranks but not the final topical-opinion scores. As shown by the results  , compared with the results obtained without query expansion see Table 17  , the query expansion does improve retrieval performance  , if an appropriate setting is applied. The first run for list-questions selected the twelve best matching answers  , whereas the second and third run used our answer cardinality method Section 2.3  , to select the N-best answers. Hence  , similar to the basic push action 7  , 111  , the basic pull action serves as a basis for a transfer function for a part feeder which uses pull operations to orient parts to a unique final orientation. The difference is the risk to loose the exact plot locations over the original projection. So far our examples have demonstrated the folding capability of CSN. Additionally   , we identified examples that illustrate the problem scenario described relying on structured data collected from 2500+ online shops together with their product offerings. The hill-climbing approach is fast and practical. ¼ The estimated transfer function was converted into the following standard form which is convenient to design a controller. In addition to considering when such views are usable in evaluating a query  , they suggest how to perform this optimization in a cost-based fashion. Our approach utilizes categorized pictogram interpretations together with the semantic relevance measure to retrieve and rank relevant pictograms for a given interpretation . To the best of our knowledge  , our paper presents the very first application of all three n-gram based topic models on Gigabyte collections  , and a novel way to integrate n-gram based topic models into the language modeling framework for information retrieval tasks. Downhill Simplex method approximates the size of the region that can be reached at temperature T  , and it samples new points. The last section summarizes this work and outlines directions for future work. Also  , query expansion in target language recovers the semantics loss by inspecting the rest well-translated terms. In addition  , they vary window sizes for matching queries but in our technique window sizes are determined by sentence lengths. Hence  , the optimum wavelet tree represents the maximum entropy contained in the image and thereby its information content. The latter join is implemented as a three-way mid 4 -outer sort-merge join. For the image dataset  , the Table 2: Search performance comparison of different LSH methods: multi-probe LSH is most efficient in terms of space usage and time while achieving the same recall score as other LSH methods. Another approach to this problem is to use dynamic query optimization 4 where the original query plan is split into separately optimized chunks e.g. Pattern-based approaches  , on the other hand  , represent events as spatio-temporal patterns in sensor readings and detect events using efficient pattern matching techniques. In this section  , we compare DIR to the informationtheoretic measures traditionally used to evaluate rule interestingness see table 1for formulas:  the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , which measures the deviation from equilibrium;  the mutual information 12  , the Theil uncertainty 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12  , which measure the deviation from independence. Therefore  , the likelihood function takes on the values zero and -~-only. However  , as the number of query terms increases  , the rates of improvement brought about by query expansion become significantly less. It may be possible that one or more chunks in that window have been outdated  , resulting in a less accurate classification model. Without loss of generality  , in this paper  , we assume all imputed random variables are mutually independent and follow normal distribution. The most expensive lists to look at will be the ones dropped because of optimization. A substantial overshoot can be remarked at about 10 rad/s. The values of this section give the ratio of the standard error of each system/topic group to the standard error of the first system/topic group. Search quality is measured by recall. Also  , the stiffness mapping matrix B; between the operational space and the fingertip space of each hand can be represented by where i  B ;   denotes the stiffness mapping matrix between the operational space and the fingertip space of the ith hand. The procedure for our crowdsourced query expansion was as follows. RQ4: Do the modified text similarity functions improve the ranking performance  , when compared with the original similarity function in 28 ? Although it might be difficult to get people to change their ways of doing everyday work  , typically the teams trying out RaPiD7 for some time would not give up using it. In general  , click logs and anchor text seem to be more valuable resources for regularization compared to Web ngrams  , across different settings of K. Notice that the Web ngrams are primarily derived from document content  , so perhaps their lower effectiveness can be explained by lower influence on pLSA  , which also uses document content. Given an external concept  , we perform a pattern matching on the thesaurus  , made of the following operations : a-1 inclusion step : We look for a thesaurus item i.e a clique which includes the given group. We convert the random forest classifier into a DNF formula as explained in Section 4.3. In cases where only some of the domains in the certificate are served on this IP  , it is necessary to configure an explicit default host similar to the one given in Figure 10. Word embedding techniques seek to embed representations of words. To achieve this goal we should re-formulate queries avoiding " redundant " conditions. This step is combined with the computation of cuboids that are descendants of that cuboid. In this paper we describe English-Japanese CLIR experiments using the standard BMIR-J2 Japanese text collection 4. The tyre-dependent parameters were experimentally adjusted fitting the measured responses of the army vehicle off-road tyre 13. DBSCAN proved very sensitive to the parameter settings. The language was influenced significantly by the Dijkstra " guarded command language " 4 and CSP lo . ADT a is an automatic aggregation of the list of ADTs b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a commuted regular expression of the regular expression formed by concatenating the elements in the list of ADTs b. b: Here b is an ordered list of two or more ADTs. In terms of CASE tools support  , we are testing a few mechanisms that allow generation of constraints for pattern verification as well as matching rules for pattern recovery given a UML design model. Such cases call for alternative methods for deriving statistically efficient estimators. A table is created whose rows correspond to combinations of property values of blocks that can be involved in a put action. The output is well-defined  , closed under the operation  , and is unique. This suggests that  , while party members may be found at different positions in the leftright spectrum  , media outlets tend to pick legislators who are representatives of the two parties' main ideologies  , such as Left-wing Democrats or Right-wing Republicans. Limitations of this system are as follows: i Edge pick up results in fabric distortion during pick up  , ii Errors may result due to unpredictable behavior of material due to ambient and material dynamics  , and  , iii The weight of material and its stiffness and friction values play an important role in defining the trajectory during 'laying by dragging' and folding operations. We now augment the sort merge outerjoin with compression shown in Figure 1 . Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in Thus  , it helps IMRank to converge to a good ranking if influential nodes are initially ranked high. Their methods automatically estimate the scaling parameter s  , by selecting the fit that minimizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS D − statistic. The Composite search mode supports queries where multiple elements can be combined. When a user submits a query to a search engine through a Web browser  , the search engine returns search results corresponding to the query. In terms of Pearson correlation  , the improvement over the baseline is even larger  , as the stages learned by the baseline are negatively correlated with the true stages. While there are quasi-steady models based on 2D inviscid flow that address added mass and rotational circulation effects  , they usually involve extra fitting parameters and are not robust for large operating range. The distinction between search and target concept is especially important for asymmetric similarity. So far  , several different similarity measures have been used  , such as Pearson correlation  , Spearman correlation  , and vector similarity. In a recent survey 19   , methods of pattern matching on graphs are categorized into exact and inexact matching. The most concept-consistent searchers behaved like Fidel's 1984Fidel's    , 1990 conceptualist searchers and usually selected a search strategy where they planned to start their search with fewer search concepts than other searchers. If f was neither a proposition nor a structured pattern  , we checked how many content words in f had appeared in previous features. Researchers have also investigated users' ability to select good terms for query expansion 15  , 23  , 25. It comprises two sets of 50 questions over DBpedia   , annotated with SPARQL queries and answers. Finally  , while we did assume label independence during random forest construction  , label correlations present in the training data will be learnt and implicitly taken into account while making predictions. They show that  , by including the click-through data  , their model achieves better performance compared to the PLSA. This is appropriate in our case because we want the most predictive tree while still modeling cannibalization. extracted from parallel sentences in French and English  , the performance of CLIR is improved. The goal of learning-to-rank is to find a scoring function f x that can minimize the loss function defined as: Let P Q denote the probability of observing query Q  , based on the underlying distribution of queries in the universe Q of all possible queries that users can issue together with all possible result combinations. As expected  , the ASR and Search components perform speech recognition and search tasks. Our experiments of CLIR showed that the triple translation has a positive impact on the query translation  , and results in significant improvements of CLIR performance over the co-occurrence method. However  , it remains to be seen whether Word Embedding can be effectively used to evaluate the coherence of topics in comparison with existing metrics. However  , practical difficulties arise in two aspects. The USC of Suffixing to Produce Term Variants for Query Expansion Window 2 3. The original language modeling approach as proposed in 9 involves a two-step scoring procedure: 1 Estimate a document language model for each document; 2 Compute the query likelihood using the estimated document language model directly. Second  , we use this distribution to derive the maximum-likelihood location of individuals with unknown location and show that this model outperforms data provided by geolocation services based on a person's IP address. A model of randomness is derived by a suitable interpretation of the probabilistic urn models of Types I and II 4 i n to the context of Information Retrieval. The results are arranged along two dimensions of user effort  , the number of query terms selected for expansion  , and the maximum number of expansion terms to include for a selected query term. In particular  , in Figure 7awe see that for MG-LRM  , the peak appears at a higher number of iterations than the other models. Query expansion can also be based on thesauri. Euclidean distance only considers the data similarity  , but manifold distance tries to capture the semantic relevance by the underlying structure of the data set. The search of a meaningful representation of the time series   , and the search of an appropriate similarity measure for comparing time series. Here are some examples from our knowledge base: These patterns are expressed in regular expression. The RL system is in control of the robot  , and learning progresses as in the standard Q-learning framework. Simulated responses of the experimental setup to 20 N disturbance force stcp are shown in Fig. The procedure works as follows: We performed query expansion experiments on ad hoc retrieval. Using query expansion method  , recall has been greatly improved. On average  , there are 30% more hashtags for a Twitter post compared to an Instagram post Pearson correlation coefficient = 0.34 between distributions with p-value < 10 −15 . We use this mapping to parameterize the grasp controller described in Section 3. directly applied traditional hashing methods for similarity search  , and significant speedup e.g. A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. In the model  , bags-of-visual terms are used to represent images. These approaches focused on utilizing the existing rating of a training user as the features. In practice  , the collected effort dataset may contain missing data at any locations  , including the missing of drive factors independent variables or effort labels dependent variables  , as shown in Figure 1. Unfortunately  , there is no available ground truth in the form of either exact document-document similarity values or correct similarity search results. Quality assessment independent of a specific application will be discussed in the following  , whereas an evaluation of the alignments for use in CLIR can be found in section 4. However  , in ARC-programs what is more important is the means by which bindings are propagated in rules. The first term of the above equation is the likelihood function or the so-called observation model. Intuitively  , increases as the increase of   , while decreases as the increase of . In this section we present an overview of transformation based algebraic query optimization  , and show how the optimization of scientific computations fits into this framework.   , it is very tlifficidt to implement and optimize the mapping f l : l iising the mathematical or numeric approaches. In our case  , the nodes of the graph are documents and the edge weights are defined as the closeness in location between two documents. For example  , the value of the likelihood function corresponding to our desirable parameter values where class A generates t1  , class B generates t2  , class N generates t3 is 2 −4 while for a solution where class A generates the whole document d1 and class B generates the whole document d2  , the value of the likelihood function is 2 −8 . The likelihood function is a statistical concept. Open PHACTS 15   , query optimization time dominates and can run into the tens of seconds. Deciding whether R is not restricted is NP- complete. Since existing Web mirroring tools  , like " rsync " 1  , usually mirror a site according to its Web site directory tree  , we study the evolutionary characteristics of Web site directory structure. After estimating model parameters   , we have to determine the best fitting model from a set of candidate models. Table 3shows the retrieval results of our CLIR system on TREC5C and TREC9X. Experiments are repeated 10 times on the whole dataset  , using different random initializations of the PLSA models. The basic mathematical models of both photo and acceleration sensors are simply a 2 Focusing on the acceleration sensor  , using parameters inferred the datasheet for accelerometer ADLXSO provided by Analog Devices 2. Figure 6shows the measured and fitted transfer function from motor to camera position  , lated response of the motor position and the camera position respectively. However  , some studies suggest that different methods for measuring the similarity between short segments of text i.e search queries and tags 9  , 12. To compare the operations allowed by an application to those permitted by our security patterns  , a mapping is required between the objects defined in the RBAC model and the resources defined by the application. The generated predicate becomes two kinds of the following. Above results are just examples from the case study findings to illustrate the potential uses of the proposed method. We have also implemented alur regionbased Q-learning method  Since the TCP/IP protocol is basically used for the execution-level communication  , t hLe control architecture implemented on the central conitroller has been easily tested and modified by connecting with the graphic simulator before the real application to the humanoid robot. We use Live Search to retrieve top-10 results. Changes on a topic's representation involve the introduction of event-dependent features  , which bring along ambiguous semantic relevance to the topic. Then we run another three sets of experiments for MV-DNN. The results and evaluations are reported in Section 5. The first derivative and second derivative of the log-likelihood function can be derived as it can be computed by any gradient descent method. Not surprisingly  , there was very little consistency among data providers on the syntax of role pseudo-qualifiers. It is well-known that the permutation expression can be compacted a bit to exponential size but no further compaction is possible in regular expression notation. Each print statement has as argument a relational expression   , with possibly some free occurrences of attributes. It might be important to find appropriate combination of terms for query expansion. We set the context window size m to 10 unless otherwise stated. This means that RCDR successfully preserved information useful for estimating target orders. Pearson correlation is the covariance of the predicted and label data points divided by the product of their standard deviations. This section presents a different perspective on the point set registration problem. Our approach to structured retrieval for QA works by encoding this linguistic and semantic content as annotations on text  , and by using a retrieval model that directly supports constraint-checking and ranking with respect to document structure and annotations in addition to keywords. The ultimate goal of this work is the development of 3D machines that can cross rugged  , natural andl manmade terrains. The block diagram of this control system is illustrated in Figure 6. Therefore  , it is recommended to provide similarity search techniques that use generalized distance functions. A RECURSIVE or VIRTUAL-RECURSIVE member function attribute A requires very limited retesting since it was previously individually tested in P and the specification and implementation remain unchanged. Instead of assuming an unrealistic measurement uncertainty for each range as previous works do  , we have presented an accurate likelihood model for individual ranges  , which are fused by means of a Consensus Theoretic method. The best 900 rules  , as measured by extended Laplace accuracy  , were saved. Similarity indexing has uses in many web applications such as search engines or in providing close matches for user queries. The Cranfield paradigm of retrieval evaluation is based on a test collection consisting of three components: a set of documents  , a set of information need statements called topics  , and a set of relevance judgments. In more recent systems  , Lucene  , a high-performance text retrieval library  , is often deployed for more sophisticated index and searching capability. Moreover  , our own results have demonstrated that outcome matrices degrade gracefully with increased error 18. Each modifier could be represented by a set of head terms that it modifies: Similar to Unstructured PLSA  , we define k unigram language models of head terms: Θ = {θ 1   , θ 2   , ..  , θ k } as k theme models. In order to use the self-organizing map to cluster text documents  , the various texts have to be represented as the histogram of its words. However  , our input data is neither as short as mentioned studies  , nor long as usual text similarity studies. For moderate query expansion e.g. at which character position  an expected markup structure is missing. Mobile manipulators may have difficulties for the stability in climbing up a hill  , maneuvering on unstructured terrain  , and fast manipulation. By maximizing the regularized log-likelihood  , Laplacian pLSA softly assigns documents to the same cluster if they 1 share many terms and 2 belong to the same explicit subtopics. In that sense  , BMEcat2GoodRelations is to the best of our knowledge the only solution developed with open standards  , readily available to both manufacturers and retailers to convert product master data from BMEcat into structured RDF data suitable for publication and consumption on the Web of Data. Our work goes beyond this work by dropping the assumption that query and expansion terms are dependent. " Given two equal length lists of items  , sorted in opposing directions  , the bitonic merge procedure will create a combined list of sorted items. Common similarity metrics used include Pearson correlation 21  , mean squared difference 24  , and vector similarity 5. This expansion allows the query optimizer to consider all indexes on relations referenced in a query. In Section 1 we discussed the challenges of learning and evaluation in the presence of noisy ground truth and sparse features. Comments represent a candidate items. However  , as the translation resource is constant across the experiments in the paper  , we were confident this would not affect the comparison of triangulation to other CLIR techniques. Relation c can be seen as mapping abstract  , intensional models of design spaces to extensional representations   , namely sets of concrete design variants. From Figure 2  , we observe that the clicks are not strictly correlated with the demoted grades: the average Pearson correlation between them across the queries is 0.5764 with a standard deviation 0.6401. There might be two possible reasons. When ρ =ρ r the transfer function of vergence will become 0; in this case all types of vergence eye movements will disappear. Utility is a unifying  , if sometimes implicit  , concept in economics IO  , game theory 17  , and operations research 121  , as well as multi-robot coordination see The idea is that each individual can somehow internally estimate the value or the cost of executing an action. Otherwise   , we describe the properties in the regular expression format. The size of the ensembles was chosen to allow for comparison with previous work and corresponds with those authors' recommendations. The final score of a sentence incorporates both its centroid based weight and the soft pattern matching weight. Unlike Q­ learning  , QA-leaming not only considers the immediate reward  , it also takes the discounted future rewards into consideration. The extra cost incurred by this extension involves storing additional information. There is a significant correlation 0.55 between the number of judged and number of found relevant documents  , which is not unexpected. This paper attempts to extract the semantic similarity information between queries by exploring the historical click-through data collected from the search engine. The control law that implements the deiired impedance of the master arm can be obtained by solving for the acceleration in and substituting it into the master arm dynamics. One would need more data  , especially of control subjects to be able to state that automatic methods always significantly outperform human observers in clinical practice. The Pearson correlation between the elements of M and MΦ is However  , we use Kendall-τ as our final evaluation measure for comparing the rankings of systems produced by full set and a subset of queries. The RSVP user interface is primarily designed for relevance assessment of video shots  , which are presented in a rapid but controllable sequence. To evaluate the effectiveness of GENDERLENS  , we conducted a user study where 30 users 15 men and 15 women were asked to indicate their preference for one of the two gender-biased news columns. Future work will employ full multi-lingual and diverse temporal expression tagging  , such as that provided by HeidelTime 11  , to improve coverage and accuracy. When the number of runs is large relative to available memory  , multiple merge steps may be needed. Furthermore  , pattern matching across hyper-links which is important for Web Site navigation is not supported. Using this setup we evaluate PocketTrend when active or passive updates are used to push trending search content to end users. We utilize the proximity of query terms and expansion terms inside query document DQ to assign importance weights to the explicit expansion concepts. In all our experiments  , the term frequency normalisation parameters are optimised using Simulated Annealing 15. Index schemes: There have been a number of proposals for finding near-duplicate documents in the database and web-search communities 21  , 37  , 10. From there  , Safe Browsing shows a browser interstitial and emails WHOIS admins  , while both Safe Browsing and Search Quality flag URLs in Google Search with a warning message . Figure 9shows an interesting inversed staircase pattern due to the reverse presentation order. The control design problem is to find a rational transfer function G ,s that meets the requirement 7 and guarantees asymptotic and contact stability. The ongoing expansion in the availability of electronic news material provides immediate access to many diaeerent perspectives on the same news stories. Game theory has been the dominant approach for formally representing strategic inter‐ action for more than 80 years 3. From Table 1  , we see that PLSA extracts reasonable topics . In order to query iDM  , we have developed a simple query language termed iMeMex Query Language iQL that we use to evaluate queries on a resource view graph. It shows that T is influenced by intrinsic ineffectiveness  , semantic recovery by query expansion  , or poor translation quality. We obtain results comparable to the state of the art and do so in significantly less time. In terms of computation  , the two methods are equally efficient since the joint and marginal probabilities used in computing PMI can be easily derived from the counts of A  , B  , C and D defined in 4.2. Top-k queries also as known as ranking queries have been heavily employed in many applications  , such as searching web databases  , similarity search  , recommendation systems   , etc. The combined query likelihood model with submodular function yields significantly better performance on the TV dataset for both ROUGE and TFIDF cosine similarity metrics. Hence  , we may end up with very large regular expressions. The decoder can handle position-dependent  , cross-word triphones and lexicons with contextual pronunciations. By comparing the retrieved documents  , the user can easily evaluate the performance of different search engines. In other words  , we do not carry out any comparison-based global sort or global merge at the host site. There is often not much texture in indoor man-made environments for high coverage dense stereo matching. Once one moves to the campaign level the number of terms starts to be large enough to support model fitting. Participants were also told that HERB's head would move and that HERB may provide suggestions about how to sort the blocks  , but that the final sorting method was up to them. We employ the relative influence spread  , i.e. After experimenting with several structural pattern languages based on text  , we discovered that any moderately sophisticated tern quickly becomes difficult to understand. This way it can significantly increase the number of prob­ lems for which a solution can be found. Our measurements prove that our optimization technique can yield significant speedups  , speedups that are better in most cases than those achieved by magic sets or the NRSU-transformation. A distributed e-library is perhaps best explained as a huge  , global database  , where search engines or directory services act as the indexes to information see  , Figure 11. For optimization  , we just use stochastic gradient descent in this paper. These motifs co-occur together very often. We propose the S-PLSA model  , which through the use of appraisal groups  , provides a probabilistic framework to analyze sentiments in blogs. We further propose a method to optimize such a problem formulation within the standard stochastic gradient descent optimization framework. The text part of a message can be quallfled aocordlng to a regular expressIon of strlngs words  , oomblnatlons of words present In them. have answered search requests based on keyword queries for a long time. We calculate the log-odds ratio of the probabilities of relevant and irrelevant given a particular context and assign the value to the query term weight. The methods proposed in this paper use data imputation as a component. As we know  , most calligraphic characters in CCD were written in ancient times  , most common people can't recognize them without the help of experts  , so we invited experts to help us build CCD. We evaluated our approach on the English-Chinese CLIR task of TREC-5/6: although we did not observe significant improvements  , we feel that this approach is nevertheless promising. In section 3  , we describe in detail the proposed method --improved lexicon-based query term translation  , and compare with the method using a machine translation MT system in CLIR. This is consistent with the estimates given in Sullivan9la  , Sullivan93J. Thus  , we utilize LSH to increase such probability. Secondly  , transaction language constructs should be functions in the logic such that transactions can be represented as expressions mapping states to states that can be composed to form new transactions . One advantage of this is that the high dimensional representation  , e.g. Such techniques do not really capture any regularity in the paths within a DOM tree. All machines have a nonaccepting start-state. The only approach that could be employed is systematic search  17 18  , which due to the worst case exponential cost is not guaranteed to terminate within reasonable time. is a stable transfer function. Here  , we show how performance varies when the relation matching technique is reinforced by query expansion. 15 proposed a simulated annealing approach to obtain optimal measurement pose set for robot calibration. The average AP curve for one of the clusters shows a low AP for the first best word while additional words do not greatly improve it. First  , query expansion seems to neutralize the effect of query length. 8 As explained before  , our intention is to assess data set quality instead of SPARQL syntax. For the sake of clarity  , when illustrating query plans we omitted the class acc of the operator. First  , the number of positive examples would put a lower bound on the mini-batch size. For all messages retrieved  , the Pearson product-moment correlation between system ratings and manual ratings of relevance was about 0.4. We expected the first prefix-global feature to receive a large negative weight  , guided by the intuition that humans would always go directly to the target as soon as this is possible. For fuzzy search  , we compute records with keywords similar to query keywords  , and rank them to find the best answers. As anticipated  , performance is still behind dictionary independent methods using parallel corpora lo. Feature weights are learned by directly maximizing mean average precision via hill-climbing. We will now describe a way to classify a large batch of documents using a sort-merge technique  , which can be written  , with some effort  , directly in SQL. This stage aims to estimate the position of a model in the image plane  , calculating the distance between the image centre and the model position. For support vector machine  , the polynomial kernel with degree 3 was used. Second  , reference expressions in user-defined functions might involve local variables  , which are meaningless outside the function context. flippers do not cause occlusions in the scene sensed by the laser and the omnidirectional camera. To maximize the overall log likelihood  , we can maximize each log likelihood function separately. Based on these simplifications  , we measure the performance change due to the expansion term e by the ratio: In order to make the test simpler  , we make the following simplifications: 1 Each expansion term is assumed to act on the query independently from other expansion terms; 2 Each expansion term is added into the query with equal weight λit is set at 0.01 or -0.01. What is shown at each point in the figure is the monolingual percentage of the CLIR MAP. Table 5shows the ten most relevant records in the " game theory " topic. We use the Predict function in the rms R package 19 to plot changes in the estimated likelihood of defect-proneness while varying one explanatory variable under test and holding the other explanatory variables at their median values. TL-PLSA seems particularly effective for multiclass text classification tasks with a large number of classes more than 100 and few documents per class. The similarity is computed based on the ratings the items receive from users and measures such as Pearson correlation or vector similarity are used. Table lsummerizes the results. For instance   , NN queries over an attribute set A can be considered as model-based optimization queries with F  θ  , A as the distance function e.g. The quantifier defines how many nodes within the set must be connected to the single node by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. Among imputation techniques  , the results are not so clear. Since a cluster in DBSCAN contains at least one core object  , MinP ts also defines the minimum number of objects in a cluster. One advantage of the proposed method is that it can extract relevant translations to benefit CLIR. We still use Support Vector Machine  , a common  , simple yet powerful tool  , as the classifier. However  , semantic optimization increases the search space of possible plans by an order of magnitude  , and very ellicient searching techniques are needed to keep .the cost'of optimization within reasonable limits. In that sense  , we have presented a new framework for integrating external predicates into Datalog. If the glb values of the conjunct are already available in the semantic index  , they are directly retrieved. Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood. I Absolute Space Representation: An Absolute Space Representation or ASR 7   , is a cognitive mapping technique used to build models of rooms or spaces visited. The proposed approach is evaluated on different publicly available outdoor and indoor datasets. Large η vales may lead to serious over-fitting. XSEarch returns semantically related fragments  , ranked by estimated relevance. However in some situations  , external knowledge is helpful  , the challenge here is how to acquire and apply external knowledge. Summarized briefly  , this result follows from the following reasoning: 1. Fortunately  , we saw in §2.2 that Θ Q could be more accurately estimated by applying supervised learning. Thus we have arrived at the following method for detecting anomalies in a program with flowchart G. Let R be the regular expression for the paths in G. R may be mapped into an expression E in A where the node identifiers are replaced by the elements of A that represent the variable usage. This might be particular interesting for documents of very central actors. Nevertheless  , such pattern matching is well supported in current engines  , by using inverted lists– our realization can build upon similar techniques. Furthermore  , we evaluate the reliability of our models  , since AUC can be too optimistic if the model is overfit to the dataset. There was some concern over the test collection built in the TREC 2001 CLIR track in that the judgment pools were not as complete as they ideally would be. Thus  , by saving the 3D edge identifiers in dlata points of a CP pattern  , correspondence between the model edges and the image edges can be obtained after matching. Bulk loading of a B+-tree first sorts the data and then builds the index in a bottom-up fashion. We also experimented with several approaches to query and document expansion using UMLS. Keeping this in mind  , we briefly cite the well-known inductive definition of the set of regular expressions EXP T over an alphabet T and their associated languages: Now we are ready for motivating our choice to capture the semantics of ODX by regular grammars. We start by formulating the integrated language model with query segmentation based on the probabilistic ranking prin- ciple 15. It requires formulation of the search in the space of relational database queries. Our work is capable of locating more complex properties. The main idea is to keep the same machinery which has made syntactic search so successful  , but to modify it so that  , whenever possible  , syntactic search is substituted by semantic search  , thus improving the system performance. RDF triples can also be removed from the knowledge base by providing a statement pattern matching the triples to be deleted delete. The SRS was placed in hallways within the model. This also implies that for a QTree this optimization can be used only once. Line segment primitives are efficient in modelling a collection of observations of the environment. This work is also closely related to the retrieval models that capture higher order dependencies of query terms. This will provide the user with a selectable level of computing effort  , so he/she can trade off computing time with level of assurance of the optimality of the plan. Now  , the compatible combinations of plans and the effective parameter sort order they require from the parent block are as shown in Figure 5. Usually  , interesting orders are on the join column of a future join  , the grouping attributes from the group by clause  , and the ordering attributes from the order by clause. We also briefly discuss how the expand operator can be used in query optimization when there are relations with many duplicates. Although the methods resemble each other in many ways  , the differences are evident. While the similarity is higher than a given threshold  , Candidate Page Getter gathers next N search results form search engine APIs and hands them to Similarity Analyzer. These problems have led to the search for alternative noncollocated measurements. The regular expression extractor acts in a similar way as the name extractor. In JAD  , the general idea is to have a workshop or a set of workshops rather than having unlimited number of workshops throughout the project. Optimization for queries on local repositories has also focused on the use of specialized indices for RDF or efficient storage in relational databases  , e.g. Step 2: Since the primary task is to maintain visibility of the target  , the acceptable observer locations are marked. We will generate candidate URL patterns by replacing one segment with a regular expression each time. To alleviate this problem  , we propose a second mapping which transforms the 3D C-space into a discontinuous 2D space of " sliced " C-space obstacles. Since the only task was to perform a real time ad hoc search for the track  , we decided that the task would be best suited by using a traditional search methodology. 8 proposed a framework to combine clusters of external resources to regularize implicit subtopics based on pLSA using random walks. Despite the success  , most existing KLSH techniques only adopt a single kernel function. We discretize each parameter in 5 settings in the range 0  , 1 and choose the best-performer configuration according to a grid search. Despite the single user requiring such a feature and the high rating she assigned to the app  , the barebones developers implemented search suggestions in the release 3.1: " Added Google Search Suggestions " . proposed the Incremental-DBSCAN in 2.  Base on latent factor models  , the likelihood of the pairwise similarities are elegantly modeled as a function of the Hamming distance between the corresponding data points. 3 proposed an approach to classify sounds for similarity search based on acoustical features consisting of loudness  , pitch  , brightness  , bandwidth  , and harmonicity. This is implemented in a recursive function called BACK  Figure 5. DBSCAN parameters were set to match the expected point density of the bucket surface. A novel architecture for query optimization based on a blackboard which is organized in successive regions has been devised. Intuitively  , CTM selects more related terms for each topic than PLSA  , which shows the better performance of CTM. Finally  , a novel pattern matching module is proposed to detect intrusions based on both intra-pattern and inter-pattern anomalies. In the following  , we focus on such an instantiation   , namely we employ as optimization goal the coverage of all query terms by the retrieved expert group. Because it is difficult to build a feature space directly  , instead kernel functions are used to implicitly define the feature space. The convenience of POE based Newton-Euler dynamics modeling of open chains  , demonstrated in 9 and 13  , has been incorporated into this work to provide a recursive formulation for computing the gradient as well. The tracks consist of 33 and 47 topics  , respectively  , which are provided both in extended Title+Description+Narrative and synthetic Title+Description forms. A gateway is a boundary between qualitatively different regions of the environment: in the basic SSH  , the boundary between trajectory-following and hill-climbing applicability. When searching for syllabi on a generic search engine the best case scenario is that the first handful of links returns the most popular syllabi and the rest of them are not very relevant. In this paper  , we propose a novel image search system  , which presents a novel interface to enable users to intuitively indicate the search goal by formulating the query in a visual manner  , i.e. Library means that the library has created its own digitized or born-digital material. KIM has a rule-based  , human-engineered IE system  , which uses the ontology structure during pattern matching and instance disambiguation. However  , the conventional G A applications generate a random initial population without using any expert knowledge. In the presence of children  , the predicate consists of the recursive concatenation using boolean or of the predicates of the children. Since the appearance of microarray technology in to­ day's biological experiment  , gene expression data gen­ erated by various microarray experiments have in­ creased enormously  , and lots of works based on these data have been published. But  , this can only be done experimentally. The following are 2 examples of such patterns for age and  , respectively  , ethnicity classification: We were able to determine the ethnicity of less than 0.1% users and to find the gender of 80%  , but with very low accuracy . The constraints used were similarity in image intensity and smoothness in disparity . We have found that the context-based search effectively ranks query outputs  , controls topic diffusion  , and reduces output sizes 1  , 2. Finally  , Yahoo built a visual similarity-based interactive search system  , which led to more refined product recommendations 8. Recently  , Question Answering over Linked Data QALD has become a popular benchmark. E.g. The second probabilistic model goes a step further and takes into account the content similarities among passages. The experimental results show that our approach achieves high search efficiency and quality  , and outperforms existing methods significantly. These hashing methods try to encode each data example by using a small fixed number of binary bits while at the same time preserve the similarity between data examples as much as possible. As an alternative  , we also explored three ways of incorporating translation probabilities directly into the formulae: 1. Semantic teleporting does not deliver the document which contains the wanted phone number but the phone number itself. In a series of experiments we highlighted the importance of semantic proximity between query expansion terms and the center of user attention. For patent search in compounding languages  , the CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than for other language pairs 3  , 7 . Several simplified systems were used to study the effect of hysteresis  , for example  , a constant force was subtracted to account for the effect of damping and friction but the best results as far as matching the experimental data were given by the transfer function: Hysteresis: Similar to friction and damping  , a simplified model of the hysteresis was used and the describing function computed. That means a cloned h-fragment of a k-fragment must have its size h in the range This implies kσ ≤ h ≤ k/σ. Typically a learning-to-rank approach estimates one retrieval model across all training queries Q1  , ..  , Q k represented by feature vectors  , after which the test query Qt is ranked upon the retrieval model and the output is presented to the user. In the future  , we would like to find ways to overcome this problem and thus further improve top ranked precision of AQR based results. In this method th'e C-space is respresented as the convolution of the robot and workspace bitmaps 19. Timing results for inverted search and vector search for the Pearson correlation for one of the runs are shown in Figure 1and Figure 2. In this paper  , we study the vector offset technique in the context of the CLSM outputs. This generic representation is called a Navigation Pattern NP. However  , both authors share a sense of responsibility for what they have helped create  , and as such they see it as their task to find an alternative strategy that provides adequate guarantees regarding the successful maintenance of the OAI-PMH and its evolution. The resulting one record temporary will reside in main memory where a single extra page fetch will obtain the matching values from R3. To bootstrap this rst training stage  , an initial state-level segmentation was obtained by a Viterbi alignment using our last evaluation system. Finally  , a sequence of upper characters in the fullname UN is compared to a sequence of upper characters in the abbreviations. The probability of a repeat click as a function of elapsed time between identical queries can be seen in Figure 5. The user then browses the returned documents and clicks some of them. A large number of languages  , including Arabic  , Russian  , and most of the South and South East Asian languages  , are written using indigenous scripts. Therefore  , a reasonable role-based identification is to assign the role pattern correlation matrix F R 1 ,2 which is the most similar to the one C We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. However  , diaeerent research communities have associated diaeerent partially incompatiblee interpretations with the values returned from such score functions   , such astThe fuzzy set interpretation ë2  , 8ë  , the spatial interpretation originally used in text databases  , the metric interpetation ë9ë  , or the probabilistic interpretation underlying advanced information retrieval systems ë10ë. Different meta-path based ranking features and learning to rank model can be used to recommend nodes originally linked to v Q i via these removed edges. The current Web is largely document-centric hypertext. Suppose that we want the learning to optimize the ranking function for an evaluation score S. S can be a listwise ranking score  , e.g. 2In the real-time walk of a legged robot  , a ground model should first be established during the previous gait period. This click model is consisted of a horizontal model H Model that explains the skipping behavior  , a vertical model D Model that depicts the vertical examination behavior  , and a relevance model R Model that measures the intrinsic relevance between the prefix and a suggested query. This approach is similar to the one described in  Second  , we tested a more sophisticated named entity recognizer NER based upon a regularized maximum entropy classifier with Viterbi decoding. A technique for translating queries indirectly using parallel corpora has been proposed by Sheridan & Ballerini 19  , 20. Academic search engines have become the starting point for many researchers when they draft research manuscripts or work on proposals. Probabilistic LSA PLSA 15 applies a probabilistic aspect model to the co-occurrence data. We pursue an approach that is based on a modulative relevance model SemRank  , that can easily using a sliding bar be modulated or adjusted via the query interface. In this section  , we give three examples of new algebraic operators that are well-suited for efficient implementation of nested OOSQL queries. The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. In this method  , the TSP was solved as a sub-optimal exploration path by using a Simulated Annealing method SI. Variable reduction is illustrated in example 3. In future it is likely that as we move to a push model of information provision we should provide the means to have local variants of ontologies mapping into our AKT computer science 'standard reference' ontology. The sensor model for stationary objects can then be expressed as the dual function of the sensor model for moving objects  , which can be written as On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. The task of generating hash codes for samples can be formalized as learning a mapping bx  , referred to as a hash function  , which can project p-dimensional real-valued inputs x ∈ R p onto q-dimensional binary codes h ∈ H ≡ {−1  , 1} q   , while preserving similarities between samples in original spaces and transformed spaces. STON89 describes how the XPRS project plans on utilizing parallelism in a shared-memory database machine. Previous work in person name disambiguation can be generally be categorized as either supervised or unsupervised approaches. However  , because the passivity theorem is only a sufficient condition  , then having the transfer function non-passive does not necessarily imply instability . In the other experiments  , the English queries are translated into French and French queries are translated into English using various tools: 2. Here  , the mappings are discovered by using a genetic programming approach whose fitness function is set to a PFM. There are two main scenarios where the user input could be incorporated into the system to enhance multilingual information retrieval: 1. In monolingual IR  , Sparck Jones 21 proposed a query expansion technique which adds terms obtained from term clusters built based on co-occurrences of terms in the document collection. where both parameters µ and Σ can be estimated using the simple maximum-likelihood estimators for each frame. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate sentences or passages and a list of named entities are generated as answer candidate. As a request must search the Q buckets contained in the fraction of the volume of the address space as defined by the request  , one method of mapping to these buckets would be to generate all possible combinations of attribute sets containing the request attributes and map to the address space one to one for each possible combina- tion. As expected  , the worst method in terms of semantic relevance is the TempCorr method  , which ignores semantics altogether. More specifically  , our approach assigns to each distance value t  , a density probability value which reflects the likelihood that the exact object reachability distance is equal to t cf. Query expansion aims to add a certain number of query-relevant terms to the original query in order to improve retrieval effectiveness. To evaluate the quality of rewrites  , we consider two methods. Repeated attempts to deflate expectations notwithstanding  , the steady arrival of new methods—game theory 13  , prediction markets 52  , 1   , and machine learn- ing 17—along with new sources of data—search logs 11  , social media 2  , 9  , MRI scans 7—inevitably restore hope that accurate predictions are just around the corner. However  , if the specified transforms are directly applied on the input data  , many transforms such as regular-expression-based substitutions and some arithmetic expressions cannot be undone unambiguously – there exist no " compensating " transforms. If the model fitting has increased significantly  , then the predictor is kept. Note that Pearson correlation  , the most accurate reported scheme on Eachmovie from Breese's survey  , achieves about a 9% improvement in MAE over non-personalized recommendations based on per-item average. These ngram structures can be captured using the following regular expression: Feature Extraction: Extract word-ngram features where n > 1 using local and global frequency counts from the entire transcript. Then the Hilbert value ranges delineated by successive pairs of end marker values in the sorted list have the prop erty that they are fully contained within one block at each level of each participating tree. In this way  , the model is able to learn character level " topic " distribution over the features of both scripts jointly. Hence  , we are motivated to establish a novel approach  , not only focusing on learning sentiment-specific word embedding efficiently  , but also capturing the negation information. Rating imputation is prediction of ratings for items where we have implicit rating observations. In the experiments for this problem  , only 8 out of 480 single start statistical hill-climbing runs 6 hours on one Sparc 20 per run converged to a feasible solution-that is approximately 1.7%. Each pattern box provides visual handles for direct manipulation of the pattern. The intersection is the portion of the query-URL pairs that we have both editorial judgments and the user browsing model estimates . In the next section we introduce a novel graph-based measure of semantic similarity. Several variants coexists; among them the Fourier Transform for discrete signals and the Fast Fourier Transform which is also for discrete signals but has a complexity of On · ln n instead of On 2  for the discrete Fourier Transform. It may be noted that this is all that is necessary to compute the transfer function. One of the most well-known approaches within this group is support vector machine active learning developed by Tong and Koller 31. We use scikit-learn 28 as the implementation of the Random Forest Classifier. This change leads to learning rich and accurate representation compared to the previous model  , which freezes the word vectors while learning the document vectors. This way we can assume that the whole robot structure has the equivalent transfer function 9 for every given position an for each motor at a time. This is attractive  , because most PIM software applications can export content to BMEcat. The only interesting orders that are generated are those that are due to choice of a join method e.g. Furthermore we utilized regular expressions  , adopted from Ritter et al. Additional opportunities include allowing wildcards to match subexpressions rather than single symbols  , implementing additional query functionality in the engine  , incorporating textual features and context 24  , and integrating Tangent-3 with keyword search. However  , this probably changes the 'order' in which events are consumed and thus has semantic relevance. The main instances of static concept location are regular expression matching  , dependency search 2  , and informational retrieval IR techniques 10. Each NSWDbased similarity measure was tested with three disambiguation strategies: manual M  , count-based C  , or similarity-based S  , using two widely used knowledge graphs: Freebase and DBpedia. Query expansion can be performed either manually or automatically. Some said they expected the search engine to narrow the search results. By better modeling users' search targets based on personalized music dimensions  , we can create more comprehensive similarity measures and improve the music retrieval accuracy. On this occasion we are interested in the author Schön  , Donald A. and—due to the nature of the errors that occur—this time we will need to combine a sequence of name folding Figure 6shows the sequence of transforms the user makes  , with Fig- ure 6ashowing the initial names produced by I-Share. We propose a new action selection t e c h q u e for moving multiobstacles avoidance using hierarchical fuzzy rules  , fuzzy evaluation system and learning automata through the interaction with the real world. In relation to DBSCAN unstable clusters represent data points that should either have formed part of another cluster or should have been classified as noise. One approach to reducing the number of choice interactions that must be considered is described by Low 'Low  , 1974. Since they end with the word died  , we use pattern matching to remove them from the historic events. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: We use plain LSH 13  rather than the more recent Multi- Probing LSH 17 in this evaluation as the latter is mainly to reduce space cost  , but could slightly raise scan rate to achieve the same recall. This work was extended to assign features to each of the regions such as spatial features  , number of images  , sizes  , links  , form info  , etc that were then fed into a Support Vector Machine to assign an importance measurement to them. In particular  , we explored query expansion and tweet expansion. Query rewriting Since the ultimate goal of users is to search relevant documents   , the users can search using formulae as well as other keywords. with match probability S as per equation 1  , the likelihood function becomes a binomial distribution with parameters n and S. If M m  , n is the random variable denoting m matches out of n hash bit comparisons  , then the likelihood function will be: Let us denote the similarity simx  , y as the random variable S. Since we are counting the number of matches m out of n hash comparison  , and the hash comparisons are i.i.d. Analogously to a focused page crawler  , the internal crawler traverses the web using a best-first search strategy. Some general rules for the handling of digitized and born-digital material can be derived from Table 1and its discussion  , showing that there is a variety of arrangements depending on ownership of the material and its copyright. The bad effectiveness in these cases is not due to translation  , but to the high difficulty of query topics. The experiment results is shown in Figure 7. Therefore  , the classification ends up scoring Shannon less similar to himself than to Monica probably due to high diversity of her sample images  as well as to Kobe Bryant Table 1. Multi-query optimization is a technique working at query compilation phase. We use predictions from C map to compute the MappingScore  , the likelihood that terminals in P are correct interpretation of corresponding words in S. C map . Predict function of the classifier predicts the probability of each word-toterminal mapping being correct. These functions are discovered using genetic programming GP and a state-of-the-art classifier optimumpath forest OPF 3  , 4. For instance  , Beaulieu 3 reported that both the explicit and implicit use of a thesaurus using interactive or automatic query expansion respectively can be beneficial. After pruning these signatures with S benign1   , ARROW produced 2  , 588 signatures including the examples presented in Table 4. Owing to its simple structure  , the diameter is successfully reduced to 10 mm  , which is sufficiently small for laparoscopic surgery. In the next section  , we will see that estimating the intended path from an incomplete sequence of the subject's motion even after it is started holds technical utility. Most present CLIR methods fall into three categories: dictionary-based  , MT-based and corpus-based methods 1 . What is needed for learning are little variations of these quantities displacements: ∆x  , ∆F and ∆q. 18  propose three margin based methods in Support Vector Machine to select examples for querying which reduce the version space as much as possible. The reasons are two-folded. var is a set of special alternative words  , which are usually shared by various patterns and also assigned in question pattern matching. 17  , are shown in Fig 5. For each input-output pair  , Golubev method is applied to derive directly a rational transfer function. If an accurate model of the manipulator-object interaction were available  , then the likelihood of a given position measurement could be evaluated in terms of its proximity to an expected position measurement: P ˆ p i |modelx  , u  , where modelx  , u denotes the expected contact position given an object configuration x and manipulator control parameters  , u. Leading data structures utilized for this purpose are suffix trees 11 and suffix arrays 2. Although LSH can be applied on the projected data using a metric learned via NCA or LMNN  , any such independent two stage method will be sub-optimal in getting a good bit vector representation. The intention of the method is to trade time for space requirements. The previous transfer function 15 represents the CDPR dynamics and it depends on the pose X of the robot. The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. In addition   , it also demotes the general question which was ranked at the 8th position  , because it is not representative of questions asking product aspects. Augmenting each word with its possible document positions  , we therefore have the input for the Viterbi program  , as shown below: For this 48-word sentence  , there are a total of 5.08 × 10 27 possible position sequences. This also shows the strong correspondence between the input French queries and English queries in the log. The data element ARTICLE_PRICE_DETAILS can be used multiple with disjunctive intervals. 4  , 5 proposed using statistics on query expressions to facilitate query optimization. Section 3 provides an overview of the MRF model and details our proposed latent concept expansion technique. Through utilizing such ranking function  , the recursive feature elimination procedure on the feature set provides more insights into the importance of each feature to the total revenue. It is useful to think of these segments as motion primitives  , which are typically defined in relation to terrain interaction. The Spearman correlation coefficients are very similar  , and thus are omitted. Now  , let us consider the evaluation of assertions which involve the use of the PATH-IS function. The goals of our fellowship are to raise awareness of the need for proper data management and preservation as well as to promote data curation as a professional activity. They are comprised of cascades of regular expression patterns   , that capture among other things: base noun phrases  , single-level  , two-level  , and recursive noun phrases  , prepositional phrases  , relative clauses  , and tensed verbs with modals. This approach provides a clean  , powerful method for working with a program specification to either derive a program structure which correctly implements the specification  , or just as important to identify portions of the specification which are incomplete or inconsistent. The repetitive controller then try to cancel this non-periodic disturbance after one period in order to bring E r k to zero. This is because we excluded the coupling terms iKfxyi=1 ,2 ,3 in the fingertip space for independent finger control. As O is computed by summing the loss for each user-POI pair  , we adopt the stochastic gradient descent SGD method for optimization . This type of model is not new in the literature 41  , 10  but they have not been extensively studied   , perhaps due to the lack of empirical data fitting the implied distribution. Thus  , the search time is relatively longer than in a search from a keyword-based database. However the substantial time required and perhaps the complexity of implementing such methods has led to the widespread use of simpler heuristics  , such as hill-climbing 8 and greedy methods. As such  , any mapping from histories to histories that can be specified by an event expression can be executed by a finite automaton. Here  , we present MQSearch: a realization of a search engine with full support for measured information. The optimal point for this optimization query this query is B.1.a. A query that produces many results is hurt more by a blocking Sort and benefits more from a semi/fully pipelined pattern tree match physical evaluation. Often  , edit distance is used to measure the similarity. To plan a trajectory efficiently  , each edge of the belief graph is associated with a covariance transfer function and a cost transfer function. The present paper presents a method to reliably learn regular expressions that are far more complex than the classes of expressions previously considered in the literature. In fact  , although using small batch sizes allows the online models to update more frequently to respond to the fast-changing pattern of the fraudulent sellers   , large batch sizes often provide better model fitting than small batch sizes in online learning. sequences of actions a user performs with the search engine e.g. It should be noted that Axdi is calculated by each follower based on the observable state of each follower AX ,. Pattern inflexibility: Whether using corpus-based learning techniques or manually creating patterns  , to our knowledge all previous systems create hard-coded rules that require strict matching i.e. In summary  , navigation profiles offer significant opportunities for optimization of query execution  , regardless of whether the XML view is defined by a standard or by the application. In summary  , our variant of mergesort has three phases: an in-buffer sort phase which sorts data within a buffer  , an in-memory merge phase which produces runs by merging sorted buffers  , and an external merge phase which merges sorted runs. We have investigated user search behavior in a complex multisession search task  , with a search system that provides various types of input components. Table 1 shows the results of different query expansion methods on two TREC training datasets. Each self-folding sheet was baked in an oven. After the split  , the sort immedialcly starts to work on the preliminary step. Inspired by work on combining multiple  , mainly booleanbased   , query representations 3  , we propose a new approach Thus  , recent research on improving the robustness of expansion methods has focused on either predicting whether a given expansion will be more effective for retrieval than the original query 2  , 7  , or on improving the performance robustness of specific expansion methods 10  , 13. Search by location: A search by location identifies a place and for that place all available time periods events for that location. All the other classes use internal recognize functions. Individuals in a new generation are produced based on those in the previous one. where F is a function designed to penalize model complexity   , and q represents the number of features currently included in the model at a given point.  Introduction of Learning Method: "a-Learning" Althongh therc are several possible lcarning mcthods that could be used in this system  , we employed the Q-learning method 6. Correspondingly  , the cost of the outer parent query block can vary significantly depending on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the tuples produced. The behavior controllers are feedforward controllers which output the original trajectories expressed by the cubic spline function shown in Fig. The restriction of axes in XSLT has been introduced for performance reasons and the goal was to allow efficient pattern matching. The proposed method uses a nullspace vector in the velocity mapping between the q-space and the u-space to guarantee the continuity in the joint velocities. Unlike pure hill-climbing  , MPA in DAFFODIL uses a node list as in breadth-first search to allow backtracking  , such that the method is able to record alternative  " secondary " etc. In addition   , system supports patterns combining exact matching of some of their parts and approximate matching of other parts  , unbounded number of wild cards  , arbitrary regular expressions  , and combinations  , exactly or allowing errors. However  , when a query is truly ambiguous and multiple possible translations need to be considered  , a translation based CLIR approach can perform poorly. In their most general forms these ope~'a~ors are somewhat problematic. The random forest classifier offers two means of determining feature importance: Out of Bag Permuted Variable Error PVE and the Gini Impurity measure 2 . While this method works for relatively low degree-of-freedom manipulators  , there is a 'cross over' point beyond which the problem becomes overdetermined   , and an exact solution cannot be guaranteed. 7  , 8  presented techniques for representing text documents and their associated term frequencies in relational tables  , as well as for mapping boolean and vector-space queries into standard SQL queries. Using two Twitter datasets  , our results show that the new Word Embedding-based metrics outperform the PMI/LSA-based ones in capturing the coherence of topics in terms of robustness and efficientness. CLIR systems' proven ability to rank news stories might not transfer readily to other genres such as medical journal articles – a point also raised by 16. With the use of AI techniques for semantic pattern matching  , it may be possible to build a relatively successful library manager. Figure 4shows that for Topic 100  , query expansion is effective in the sense that it reduces the variation in system response due to query-to-query variation. This is a function of three variables: To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. 7should be inserted as closely as possible to the desired point of force measurement. Also shown are simulationsize inputs for three benchmarks for comparison  , with scores from simulator-based profiling shown in parentheses. In this part of the experiment we measured the correlation between the model-induced measurements JSD distances of the model components and the average precision AP achieved by the search system for the 100 terabyte topics . In LOTUS  , query text is approximately matched to existing RDF literals and their associated documents and IRI resources Req1. Thus it cannot be said that this model would work for any soft tissue  , but rather  , soft tissues that exhibit similar characteristics to agar gel. Instead of the vector space model or the classical probabilistic model we will use a new model  , called the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval  , which is described in the appendix of this paper. Using our TPLSA model  , the common knowledge between two domains can be extracted as a prior knowledge in the model  , and then can be transferred to the test domain through the bridge with respect to common latent topics. For our own research  , we plan to pursue the opportunities provided by the substantial body of work regarding the OAP that is available in other fields  , including operations research  , economics  , and game theory. Q4 no results presented due to lack of space features the 'BEFORE' predicate which may be expensive to evaluate. When compared with previous results we see that Spanish CLIR using the Metathesaurus for query translation is on the high end of the performance range of 50- 75% of baseline scores observed with approaches based on dictionaries with or without information extracted from corpora 12  , 3  , 7  , 14. Due to the absence of the training corpus  , the tuning of all parameters was performed on the testing data using a brute-force hill-climbing approach. That is  , our hierarchical histogram is constructed by applying our recursive function until it reaches the level l. In our experiments  , l = 3 gave us good results. mAP has shown especially good discriminative power and stability to evaluate the performance of similarity search. A Fast Fourier Transform FFT based method WiaS employed to compute the robot's C-space. A list of over 150 positive and negative precomputed patterns is loaded into memory. We discuss the method used to obtain accepting regular expressions as well as the ranking heuristics below. ARRANGER works as follows: First  , the best ranking functions learned from the training set are stored and the rest are discarded. Only concepts under expanded branches are considered during the search. In the same way that assessors disagree over relevance judgments see 6 for a nice summary  , humans also disagree about whether two pieces of text have the same semantic content. We remind the reader that the generalized upon the strategies chosen by all the other players  , but also each player's strategy set may depend on the rival players' strategies. After all documents are indexed  , the data are aggregated and sent to the Self-Organizing Map for categorization. Contrarily  , the idea behind our solution is to focus on the input dataset and the given regular expression. The good fitting between the experimental results and the model indicates that the model is quite accurate  , and may allow to make extrapolations to predict the actuator performance when it is scaled down to the target size for the arthroscope. To the best of our knowledge  , the problem of discovering accurate link specifications has only been addressed in very recent literature by a small number of approaches: The SILK framework 14  now implements a batch learning approach to discovery link specifications based on genetic programming which is similar to the approach presented in 6. We use stacked RBMs to initialize the weights of the encoder we can also optionally further use a deep autoencoder to find a better initialization. The necessary probability values for sim Resnik and sim Lin have been calculated based on SAWSDL-TC  , i.e. So we can do sort merge join directly on the coded join columns  , without decoding them first. In general  , constraints and other such information should flow across the query optimization interfaces. Only the basic pattern matching has been changed slightly. In particular  , for the APP case there is a moderate negative correlation between the declared English proficiency and the acceptance rate PEARSON correlation with ρ = −0.46 and p = 0.005. Using the best individual from the first run as the basis for a second evolutionary run we evolved a trot gait that moves at 900cm/min. To compute the Pearson correlation we need to compute the variances and the covariance ofˆMΦofˆ ofˆMΦ and M . This is approached by embedding both the image and the novel labels into a common semantic space such that their relevance can be estimated in terms of the distance between the corresponding vectors in the space. When an aspect is enabled  , the display of any program text matched by the pattern is highlighted with the aspect's corresponding color. Our paired T-test results indicate that our retrieval scores are statistically significant. Note that the query is not optimized consecutively otherwise it is no different from existing techniques. For most of them  , the Random forest based classifiers perform similar to CNNbased classifiers  , especially for low false positive rates. The x axis shows the size of the user profile and the y axis the average number of milliseconds to compute a neighbourhood for that profile size. For multiple queries  , multi-query optimization has been exploited by 11 to improve system throughput in the Internet and by 15 for improving throughput in TelegraphCQ. It is variously called fitness  , valuation  , and cost. We then feed this profile to our models and compare the suggestions to the actual ratings that the user provided using the Pearson productmoment correlation coefficient 3. We proposed a context-based CLIR tool  , to support the user  , in having a certain degree of confidence about the translation.  the query optimization problem under the assumption that each call to a conjunctive solver has unit cost and that the only set operation allowed is union. WEAVER was used to induce a bilingual lexicon for our approach to CLIR. Taking everything into consideration   , we decided to offer self-learning search as-a-service  , a middleware layer sitting between the e-commerce site and the client's existing search infrastructure. The average dimension was approximately about 6000 states. The retrieved sets of images are then ranked in descending order according to their similarity with the image query. Therefore the semantic operation apply -and thus also vwly -is a partial recursive function in every minimally defined model of Q LFINSET. higher Max F 1 score than ANDD-LSH-Jacc  , and both outperform Charikar's random projection method. In this system  , several factors are connected with each other in series. In this paper we describe the 3D Tractus-based robotic interface  , with its current use for controlling a group of robots composed of independent AIBO robot dogs and virtual software entities. They primarily used heuristics and pattern matching for recognizing URLs of homepages. AQuery builds on previous language and query optimization work to accomplish the following goals: 1. In the following  , the probabilistic model for distributed IR is experimentally evaluated with respect to the retrieval effectiveness . From this perspective  , visual tools can help to better understand and manipulate the mapping into the program space. In LEM  , however  , the robot wanders around the field crossing over the states easy to achieve the goal even if we initially place it at such states. 2 The semantic similarity-based weighting Sim is the best weighting strategy. We describe a conceptual mapping and the implementation of a respective software tool for automatically converting BMEcat documents into RDF data based on the GoodRelations vocabulary 9. We provided the goal conformations heforehand  , and then searched in the roadmap for the minimum weight path connecting the extended amino acid chain to the final three­ dimensional structure. However  , the extracted topics in this way would generally not be well-aligned to the expert review. The first and simplest heuristic investigates estimates of search engine's page counts for queries containing the artist to be classified and the country name. It also takes into account the beliefs associated to these propositions; the higher their beliefs  , the higher the relevance. Thus  , recent research on improving the robustness of expansion methods has focused on either predicting whether a given expansion will be more effective for retrieval than the original query 2  , 7  , or on improving the performance robustness of specific expansion methods 10  , 13. This way of sharing parameters allows the domains that do not have enough information to learn good mapping through other domains which have more data. Philanthropies  , universities  , militaries and other important institutions do not take market value as a metric. In contrast  , our group of human annotators only had a correlation of 0.56 between them  , showing that our APS 0.35 's agreement with human annotators is quite close to agreement between pairs of human annotators. The method is based on: i a semantic relevance function acting as a kernel to discover the semantic affinities of heterogeneous information items  , and ii an asymmetric vector projection model on which semantic dependency graphs among information items are built and representative elements of these graphs can be selected. Kumar and Spafford 10 applied subsequence pattern matching to intrusion detection. 3 taking its Laplace Transform as follows: 4 we can express the angular position of the motor shaft related with the aneular disulacement of the rollers: that is  , afterwards  , the transfer function of the scrollic gripper relating the applied voltage to the angular displacement of the rollers. Well-known query optimization strategies CeP84 push selections down to the leaves of a query tree. We can observe that for similarity search  , when more results are retrieved  , the correlation curves decrease  , while for substring search  , the correlation curves increase. q Optimized Set Reduction OSR  , which is based on both statistics and machine learning principles Qui86. However  , the challenge is that it is quite hard to obtain a large number of documents containing a string τ unless a large portion of the web is crawled and indexed as done by search engines. Regularization via ℓ 2 norm  , on the other hand  , uses the sum of squares of parameters and thus can make a smooth regularization and effectively deal with over-fitting. We follow the explanation of the Q-learning by Kaelbling 8. The 'identifier' request results in a single  , full zetoc record. A set of sufficient conditions for showing that a folding preserves violations of specifications expressed in propositional temporal logic are given in YouSS. In this paper  , we propose a fully automated PLSA-based Web image selection method for the Web image-gathering Our work can be regarded as the Web image version of that work. Our robot can select an action to be taken in the current state of the environment. The BNIRL likelihood function can be approximated using action comparison to an existing closed-loop controller  , avoiding the need to discretize the state space and allowing for learning in continuous demonstration domains. A small number of " search " operations were formulated using more than one search terms combined by Boolean operators 18.49% of which a tiny portion 0.1% were also formulated reusing previously issued result sets. We only utilize query expansion from internal dataset and proximity search. An experienced searcher was recruited to run the interactive query optimization test. Mapping all the obstacles onto C-space is not computationally efficient for our particular problem; therefore  , collision detection is done in task space. The semantic match relies on the classification of pages and ads into a 6000 nodes commercial advertising taxonomy to determine their topical distance. Definition 15 Basic Graph Pattern Matching. Cross-media relevance between an unlabeled image and a test label is computed by cosine similarity between their embedding vectors. If the interaction starts on the conventional search system e.g. The run block size is the buffer size for external Instead of sorting the records in the data buffer directly  , we sort a set of pointers pointing to the records. In 45   , several approaches to generate probabilistic string automata representing regular expressions are proposed. In our experiments  , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. This post optimizer kxamines the sequential query plan to see how to parallelize a gequential plan segment and estimates the overhead as welLas the response time reduction if this plan segment is executed in parallel. Note that it contains variables that have already been bound by the change pattern matching. The next step in the indexing method is dedicated to comparing audio representations  , which is performed using string matching techniques. This could possibly involve using another layer of patterned SU-8 for the glue to eliminate the application by hand which risks glue in the flexure joints. We distributed GOV2 across four leaf search engines and used an aggregate engine to combine search results. In this way  , at each point the node being inserted will become the rightmost leaf node in T after insertion. This is because even though we invested considerable effort  , we were not able to locate an offthe-shelf German Italian machine translation system. 10 propose a joint optimization method to optimize the codes for both preserving similarity as well as minimizing search time. Query Operators and Optimization: If a declarative query language is specified  , the E-ADT must provide optimization abilities that will translate a language expression into a query evaluation plan in some evaluation algebra.  Google∼Web: Google search on the entire Web with query expansion. For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more work Koller  , personal communication. The result was a large number of question classes with very few instances in them. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first system combining natural language search and NLG for financial data. To compare the behavior of Arab and non-Arab users as defined in Data Section  , we present the two user populations in FiguresTable 5shows Pearson product-moment correlation r and Spearman rank correlation coefficient ρ between the percentage of #JSA tweets and the percentage of Muslims in the country's population in various slices of data. We will refer to a triple of such a regular expression and the source and destination nodes as a P-Expression e.g. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . Accepting bad moves corresponds to perform what is called a hill climbing: on the other side of the hill there may exist a better solution. We distinguish preretrieval and post-retrieval data merging methods. For some applications  , the running time performance of the SSNE detector can be a crucial factor. As an example of the application  , the proposed method is tested with a two-link brachiation robot which learns a control policy for its swing motion 191. These approaches M e r from one another only in the level of abstraction. Thus similar titles will appear approximately in the same column  , with the better scoring titles towards the top. The lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the well studied multi-pattern matching problem in the string matching literature 25. We expect that as more approximate predicates become available  , normalized costs will drop. For example  , assume in Figure 21.2 that the primary bucket B6 contains a near neighbour with similarity 0.7. In addition to inspections  , which are a valuable verification strategy also for Web applications  , static analyzers can be employed to scan the HTML pages in a Web site and detect possible faults and anomalies. During learning  , it is necessary to choose the next action to execute. All these factors turned out to be significantly correlated with MCAS score p < .05  , N=417 Particularly  , the correlations between the two online measures ORIGINAL_PERCENT_CORRECT and PERCENT_CORRECT and MCAS score are 0.753 and 0.763  , even higher than the correlation between SEP-TEST and MCAS score actually  , 0.745. If the search session failed to be classified as either re-finding or exploratory search  , it was classified as single search session. Figure 2shows a snipping of the search result from Bing Search page for query " Saving Private Ryan "   , a famous movie. We use fixed-point iteration to solve this mutually recursive equation . By applying the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT to the ZMP reference   , the ZMP equations can be solved in frequency domain. This query sets up a variable Name that ranges over the terminal nodes of paths that match the regular expression movie.stars.name. We also show that for the same query of similarity name search or substring name search  , the search result using segmentation-based index pruning has a strong correlation with the result before index pruning. This further substantiates the finding that search features support as well as impede information seeking 1. The size of the inner relation could be used to make the division for Nested-Loop join queries. In the lamdarun05  , we extracted important terms from Wikipedia with diagnosis terms and added to query expansion. Word-embeddings are a mapping from words to a vector space. With this system  , we simulate motion generation hierarchically for six legged locomotion robot using Genetic Programming. In this section  , the results of numerical simulation of the Stiffness mapping between 2-dof cylindrical space and 2-dof joint space using both direct and indirect CCT are presented. The approach places documents higher in the fused ranking if they are similar to each other. The Pearson correlation coefficient is used as a similarity measure for OTI evaluations. A personalized hybrid search implementing a hotel search service as use case is presented in 24. Model fitting information was significant p=0.000 indicating that the final model predicts significantly better the odds of interest levels compared to the model with only the intercept. Proposed optimization techniques are loop short-circuiting  , heuristic best-place search position and spiral search. Our task is to predict user engagement solely on the basis of inexpensive  , easy-to-acquire user interaction signals. Note that the sign of effort and flow variables has been chosen such that the effort is forcing the flow inside the system . In general  , we propose to maximize the following normalized likelihood function with a relative weight c~  , Which importance one gives to predicting terms relative to predicting links may depend on the specific application . Examination of it suggested that the best choice of query language was German  , as its vocabulary coverage in EuroWordNet was reasonable. The search for collision-free paths occurs in a search space. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 2F shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. Taken together  , these results indicate that users tend to explicitly change the default search type citations search and prefer to run a document type search. Also  , these well-known specifications such as overshoot  , peak time  , and tracking error  , etc. After examining the relevancy of the datasets using our developed relevancy classifier  , we now use our TIRM mapping scheme in transforming the results into the intention space. GP makes it possible to solve complex problems for which conventional methods can not find an answer easily. For each leaf node  , there is a unique assigned path from the root which is encoded using binary digits. The time overhead of event instrumentation and pattern matching is approximately 300 times to the program execution. Automatic dictionarytranslationsareattractivebecause they are cost effective and easy to perform  , resources are ily available  , and performance is similar to that of other CLIR methods. As follows from Table 7  , for all the three settings of our experiments  , selective query expansion achieved statistically significant improvement in terms of MAP over automatic query expansion using expansion on all queries. Since the execution space is the union of the exccution spaces of the equivalent queries  , we can obtain the following simple extension to the optimization al- gorithm: 1. Fitting with power-law models  , we report the following exponents: α: blog in-links distribution  , β: blog out-links distribution  , τ : latencies distribution  , γ : cascade sizes distribution. U Here the transfer function of the motor-gear system and the controller are replaced by a simplified system for conciseness. If the modeled concept is a generic concept such as ComponentType in Fig. Finding translations in general dictionaries for CLIR encounters the problems of the translation of unknown queries -especially for short queries and the availability of up-to-date lexical resources. 2006  , to the characteristics of peer-production systems and information sharing repositories Merkel et al. The task is essentially the same: given a potentially large collection of objects  , identify all pairs whose similarity is above a threshold according to some similarity metric. Definition 5.4 Complex graph pattern matching. To evaluate the performance of the ranking functions  , we blended 200 documents selected by the cheap scoring function into the base-line set. For a real rational transfer function  , if the poles and zeros are simple  , lie on the jw-axis and alternate with each other  , then the transfer function is passive. Bing search engine. A " high " optimization cost may be acceptable for a repetitive query since it can be amortized over multiple executions. We use a query engine that implements a variation on the INQUERY 1 tf·idf scoring function to extract an ordered list of results from each of the three indices. However  , because objects are organized into lineal formations  , the larger Eps is  , the larger void pad is. Sigmoid activation functions are used in the hidden layer and softmax in the output layer to ensure that outputs sum to one. Techniques like simulated annealing  , the AB technique Swly93  , and iterative improvement will be essential. If a participant performed a pattern-level query either a regular expression search or a node expansion on a node that was not included in the link level  , the corresponding dot is shown within the pattern-level only. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependence between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. The curve for sort-merge is labeled SM; the curves for Grace partitioned band join and the hybrid partitioned band join are labeled GP and HP  , respectively. The format of the results includes method name  , path  , line of code where implementation for this method starts  , and the similarity with a query 11. ODP advanced search offers a rudimentary " personalized search " feature by restricting the search to the entries of just one of the 16 main categories. Both the Mozer and the Bein and Smolensky models used a-constant link weight between terms and document$ CODEFINDER extends the model further by making use of inverse document frequency measures for link weights. In the tradeoff between space and time  , most existing graph matching approaches assume static data graphs and hence prefer to pre-compute the transitive closure or build variablelength path indexes to trade space for efficient pattern matching. Following is a list of the keywords and keyphrases to be used in the mechanized search. The recursive function generates the equivalent of o using one of the four following behaviors depending on the kind of concept the meta-class of o models. Indeed  , the impressive CLIR performance was typically observed in the following settings: 1 test documents were general-domain news stories i.e. This way  , when no pattern has been successfully validated  , the system returns NIL as answer. Traditional query optimization uses an enumerative search strategy which considers most of the points in the solution space  , but tries to reduce the solution space by applying heuristics. Collapse combines the properties in labels along a path to create a new label for the entire path. Our objective is to learn a reranking function f : R d → R such that f x q ,i  provides a numerical estimate of the final relevancy of document i for query q  , where i is one of the pages in the list r retrieved by S. In order to avoid the computational cost of training the reranker at query-time  , we learn a query-independent function f : this function is trained only once during an offline training stage  , using a large collection of labeled training examples for many different queries. Our pattern matching approach uses textual patterns to classify and interpret questions and to extract answers from text snippets. Second  , user-defined external ontologies can be integrated with the system and used in concept recognition. In the above optimization problem we have added a function Rθ which is the regularization term and a constant α which can be varied and allows us to control how much regularization to apply. Cho and Rajagopalan build a multigram index over a corpus to support fast regular expression matching 9 . Mandelbrot noticed extreme variability of second empirical moments of financial data  , which could be interpreted as nonexistence of the theoretical second moments  , i.e. The searching contains -a subject oriented browsing -a search for authors  , titles and other relevant bibliographic information -a subject oriented search in different information resources. In order to accomplish all four  , we needed a new self-folding method based on activation from a localized and independent stimulus. In this paper we: i present a general probabilistic model for incorporating information about key concepts into the base query  , ii develop a supervised machine learning technique for key concept identification and weighting  , and iii empirically demonstrate that our technique can significantly improve retrieval effectiveness for verbose queries. In general  , the optimization problem 17 can be locally solved using numerical gradient-descent methods. In the learning phase of the proposed methodology  , the QA corpora is used to train two topic models Sect. To overcome these challenges  , BIGDEBUG provides an on-demand watchpoint with a guard closure function . A follow-up work 13 proposes a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function. More interestingly   , we can use a sort-merge join based approach to join the set of predicates with the set of tuples in the S-Data SteM. In this section  , we will discuss an accuracy metric and a learning method that are probably more relevant to the grasping task than previous work. In addition to the user and previous queries  , the model can also include result URLs  , individual query terms or phrases  , or important relatedness indicators like the temporal delay between queries 3. If the general shape of the object is fit to some simple surface  , it should be possible to add the details of fine surface features using a simple data structure. Since the number of parameters is large and there are tremendous amount of training data  , we use stochastic gradient descent SGD to learn the model  , since it is proven to be scalable and effective. 3Table 4 : Example parameters for simulated annealing applied to the data point disambiguation prob- lem. gripper mechanism was developed as an endeffector because gripper mechanisms are used very often in laparoscopic surgery. Research work on time sequences has mainly dealt with similarity search which concerns shapes of time sequences. The other characters are used as delimiters between tokens. XTM provides support for the entire PERL regular-expression set. We start by determining a temporal weighting function for a collection according to its characteristics. The well-known kernel trick is difficult to be applied to 9  , while kernel trick is considered as one of the main benefits of the traditional support vector machine. The goal of multi-pattern matching is to find within a text string d all occurrences of patterns from a given set. We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and definition pattern matching. For each regular expression in RT  we construct the corresponding nondeterministic finite automaton NDFA using Thomson's construction 13. To select query terms  , the document frequencies of terms must be established to compute idf s before signature file access. However  , this work has focused primarily on modeling static relational data. The merging of these identical items does not occur at this point as there are cases where it makes sense to apply further transformation. By embedding background knowledge constructed from Wikipedia  , we generate an enriched representation of documents  , which is capable of keeping multi-word concepts unbroken  , capturing the semantic closeness of synonyms  , and performing word sense disambiguation for polysemous terms. What this means is that though we could not find a relationship between specific search features and specific search tasks  , there was an increase in the number of search support features used as the search task became more complex and exploratory. By using our compression scheme for the whole text  , direct search can be done over each block improving the search time by a factor of 8. If space-filling curves are used  , the mapping is distance-preserving  , i. e. similar values of the original data are mapped on similar index data  , and that for all dimensions. The reduced random forest model using just those two variables can attain almost 90% accuracy. The method was tested in the domain of robot localization. For those ineffective OOV terms LRMIR < 0  , not-translating such terms is beneficial to CLIR performance. Since FVs are usually high-dimensional and dense  , it makes the system less efficient for large-scale applications. It utilizes a heuristic to focus the search towards the most promising areas of the search space. They assume that an aligned query and document pair share the document-topic distribution. Another ap- proach 19 is to learn regular expression-like rules for data in each column and use these expressions to recognize new examples. Given an initial series of computation to construct ξ ij and a starting covariance Λ 0 = Λ s i as an input parameter  , repeated queries of the effect of a series of controls and observations can be calculated efficiently. Such effectiveness is consistent across different translation approaches as well as benchmarks. A new parameter estimate is then computed by minimizing the objective function given the current values of T s = is the negative log likelihood function to be minimized. The upper two figures are for AP88-89 dataset  , and the lower two are for WSJ87-88 dataset. Certain PREfast analyses are based on pattern matching in the abstract syntax tree of the C/C++ program to find simple programming mistakes. While languages like Chinese and Japanese use multiple scripts 24  , they may not illustrate the true complexity of the MSIR scenario envisaged here because there are standard rules and preferences for script usage and well defined spellings rules. A good example of the use of geometry within this application is the mapping of two dimensional views of the roadway into a three dimensional representation which can be used for navigation. sKDD transforms the original numerical temporal sequences into symbolic sequences  , defines a symbolic isokinetics distance SID that can be used to compare symbolic isokinetics sequences   , and provides a method  , SYRMO  , for creating symbolic isokinetics reference models using grammar-guided genetic programming. As discussed in Section 5  , the size is strongly related to the selectivity . We can show that the new hyperparameters are given by A major benefit of S-PLSA + lies in its ability to continuously update the hyperparameters. For this set of queries  , it is interesting that the query expansion reduced the gap in cross-lingual performance between short and long queries from 25% relative without expansion to only 5% relative. served as ranking criterion. Association discovery is a fundamental data mining task. We disabled constant folding in LLVM because our test cases use concrete constants for the optimizations that use dataflow analyses as described in Section 4. To apply this metric  , we converted the user interest model into a vector representation with all weighted interest elements in the model. It remains unchanged. Figure 1illustrates the general framework for relation based query expansion. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that incorporates tight lower bounding and upper bounding distance function and DWT as well as triangle inequality into index for similarity search in time series database. One possible way by which structuring disambiguates CLIR queries is that it enforces " conjunctive " relationships between search keys. Based on these observations  , we proposed three measures namely degree of category coverage DCC  , semantic word bandwidth SWB and relevance of covered terms RCT. Our experiments focused on query expansion techniques using INQUERY. The mapping is defined as follows: Using the mappings from Section 4.3  , we can now follow the approach of 4 and define a recursive mapping function T which takes a DL axiom of the form C D  , where C is an L b -class and D is an L h -class  , and maps it into an LP rule of the form A ← B. Good query optimization is as important for 00 query languages as it is for relational query languages. The page classifier guides the search and the crawler follows all links that belong to a page whose contents are classified as being on-topic. Note that one can always apply binary LSH on top of a metric learning method like NCA or LMNN to construct bit vectors. The sorted data items in these buffers are next merge-sorted into a single run and written to disk along with the tags. These formulae are used to perform similarity searches. We want to find the θs that maximize the likelihood function: Let θ r j i be the " relevance coefficient " of the document at rank rji. A singular value decomposition of this mapping provides the six-dimensional resolvabilify measure  , which can be interpreted as the system's ability to resolve task space positions and orientations on the sensor's image plane. Several research studies 21  , 1  , 5  , 28 highlighted the value of roles as means of control in collaborative applications . The Random Forest classifier delivers the best result for all three categories. Having cost models for all three types of releases  , along with an understanding of the outiler subset of high productivity releases  , would complete the cost modeling area of our study. These paths are then synthesized using a global search technique in the second phase. The basic cell for all pattern matching operations is shown in Figure 19.2. In contrast  , interactive games like Monopoly and poker offer players several different actions as part of a sequential ongoing interaction in which a player's motives may change as the game proceeds or depend on who is playing. As an example  , consider the problem of pattern matching with electrocardiograms. For instance it can be used to search by similarity MPEG-7 visual descriptors. The increase in performance without query expansion is substantial  , however  , the difference remains small after query expansion. However  , Backward expanding search may perform poorly w.r.t. Since the page content information is used  , the page similarity based smoothing is better than constant based smoothing. One can design a positioning compensator to develop a tracklng system such that the closed-loop system IS always robust to the bounded uncertalnties In the open loop dynamlcs of the robot. It worked opposite the various databases during performance of the search. In particular  , M3 uses the statistics to estimate the cardinality of both The third strategy  , denoted M3 in what follows  , is a variant of M2 that employs full quad-based query optimization to reach a suitable physical query plan. Our work follows this strategy of a query expansion approach using an external collection as a resource of query expansion terms. Comparison with DBSCAN. Nonetheless  , the scope of the Model involves one more fitting activity that  , in the outlying areas of interest of this universe  , complicates a fitting challenge per se. An Evidential Terminological Random Forest ETRF is an ensemble of ETDTs. the transfer functions of the PMBLDC motor  , drive  , speed and current controllers respectively. These metrics are instantiated using Word Embedding models from Wikipedia 4 and Twitter  , pre-trained using the GloV e 12 tool. That is  , all statistics that one computes from the completed database should be as close as possible to those of the original data. The second step consists of an optimization and translation phase. With the values of the physical and control parameters used to produce the experiment of Fig. Indeed  , the computational strategy adopted consists of a hierarchical model fitting  , which limits the range of labeling possibilities. This definition of basic graph pattern matching treats positively matched statement patterns as in 4. In order to define these two functions we need the statistics defined in Table 1 . The adjusted R-square  , on the other hand  , penalises R-square for the addition of regressors  , which do not contribute to the explanatory power of the model. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file formats  , such as e.g. Our Foursquare dataset consisted of all checkins from 2011 and 2012 except December 2012 aggregated in 20 minutes bins by category and urban area. For instance  , if two labels are perfectly correlated then they will end up in the same leaf nodes and hence will be either predicted  , or not predicted  , together. In addition to the object-oriented description of a perspective we define a navigation path where the navigation space is restricted depending on the selected perspective. The navigation space is defined by the semantic distance between the initial concept and other related concepts. A personalized search is currently missing that takes the interests of a user into account. Although the superiority of DTW over Euclidean distance is becoming increasing apparent 191835  , the need for similarity search which is invariant to uniform scaling is not well understood. Regular expression patterns are used to identify tags  , references  , figures  , tables  , and punctuations at the beginning or the end of a retrieved passage in order to remove them. Maximizing the margin enhances the generalization capability of a support vector machine 16. Since our ranking models use context features  , we extract the search sessions with more than one query. In this approach  , documents or tweets are scored by the likelihood the query was generated by the document's model. We have experimented with different number of hash tables L for all three LSH methods and different number of probes T i.e. Finally  , the predictors proposed in this work outperform those in the literature  , within this particular context. All feet with directionally compliant flaps which collapse during retraction performed better than feet which in no way collapsed during retraction. A data structure for organizing model features has been set up to facilitate model-based tracking. The main motivations for using word2vec for our automatic evaluation were twofold: 1 Verifying whether two texts convey the same meaning is a sub-problem to Question-Answering itself. Befi q captures relevance because it is based on all propositions defining the semantic content of the object o  , that imply the query formula. Histograms were one of the earliest synopses used in the context of database query optimization 29  , 25. Specifically  , datasets involved in our experiments consist of text and images  , and we use text as query to search similar images and image as query to search similar texts. In his 1968 letter  , Dijkstra noted that the programmer manipulates source code as a way to achieve a desired change in the program's behaviour; that is  , the executions of the program are what is germane  , and the source code is an indirect vehicle for achieving those behaviours. Our sort testbed is able to generate temporally skewed input based on the above model. For brevity  , we omit nodes in a regular expression unless required  , and simply describe path expressions in terms of regular expressions over edge labels. From a matching logic perspective  , unlike in other program verification logics  , program variables like root are not logical variables; they are simple syntactic constants. The shaded areas indicate the keyphrases that would be extracted using the default settings of each model. Figure  13depicts the sensitivity transfer function. A limitation of the case studies is that all the applications and components used were software developed by ABB Inc. involving .lib library files. ate substrings of the example values using the structure. Another approach to extensible query optimization using the rules of a grammar to construct query plans is described in Lo88. The CM-PMI measure consists of three steps: search results retrieval  , contextual label extraction and contextual label matching. Consider personalization of web pages based on user profiles. More like real life.. pattern matching using the colours can be used for quicker reference. " If a sample graph vertex label matches the pattern but is not correctly mapped to the model graph vertex then the fitness of the projection is reduced. No suggestion provided by the spell-checker matches the regular expression generated by aligned outputs  , thus the word is correctly left unchanged. Pain is a very common problem experienced by patients  , especially at the end of life EOL when comfort is paramount to high quality healthcare. Put simply  , the private data set is modified so that each record is indistinguishable from at least k − 1 other records. 1  , I measured the between-within variance for the 10 blogs in the dataset on estimated values for the trust  , liking  , involvement and benevolence latent variables. Also  , the underlying query optimizer may produce sub-optimal physical plans due to assumptions of predicate independence. These parameters can be divided into two kinds: the weights on the classes of words  , like people or locations  , and the thresholds for deciding if enough of the content is novel. The observed signals are divided in time into overlapping frames by the application of a window function and analyzed using the short-time Fourier transform STFT. Assuming the manipulator closed loop transfer function i.e. XOBE is an extension of Java  , which does support XPath expressions  , but subtyping is structural. As seen in the table  , there is a significant interest in searching for author names with 37% of the search requests targeting the authors index. Whereas LIF well supported recall  , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin  , particularly in terms of purity  , precision  , and rand index. Specifically we discuss the learning of word embeddings   , the aligning of embedding spaces across different time snapshots to a joint embedding space  , and the utilization of a word's displacement through this semantic space to construct a distributional time series. This  , however  , does not compromise our results since our experiments are aimed at comparing the performance of two different CLIR methods and not at comparing different search engine architectures. The final solution to the optimization problem is a setting of the parameters w and a pruning threshold that is a local maximum for the Meet metric. Query optimization is a fundamental and crucial subtask of query execution in database management systems. Therefore query expansion may retrieve more documents or provide more evidence upon which to rank the documents than query replacement. Instead we provide a few examples to illustrate the mapping. A more difficult bias usually causes a greater proportion of features to fail KS. They show that given the optimal values  , the Q-learning team can ultimately match or beat the performance of the Homogeneous team. These mapping matrices are calculated for a given coil arrangement by treating the coils as magnetic dipoles in space and are calibrated through workspace measurements as outlined in 11  , 10. where each element of I is current through each of the c coils  , B is a 3 × c matrix mapping these coil currents to the magnetic field vector B and B x   , B y   , B z are the 3 × c matrices mapping the coil currents to the magnetic field spatial gradients in the x  , y and z directions  , respectively. In order to investigate this issue a relevant set of training data must be generated for a case with potential collisions  , e.g. A good analogy for path summarization is that of representing the set of strings in a regular language using a regular expression. One of our contributions is that we propose to use hierarchical regularization to avoid overfiting. The distribution of these points is shown in Fig 9. DBSCAN is used to cluster the entire data set. With the exponential growth of information on the Web  , search engine has become an indispensable tool for Web users to seek their desired information. Therefore  , we used a distributed search framework in order to simulate a single search index. Similarity measures for Boolean search request formulations 335 Radecki  , 1977Radecki  ,   , 1978a. Daumé and Brill 5 extracted suggestions based on document clusters that have common top-ranked documents. These results point to a fundamentally weak association between a sentence's COGENT score and its expert-assigned coreness  , supporting the first of the two above possibilities. Given a query q  , our goal is to maximise the diversity of the retrieved documents with respect to the aspects underlying this query. Table 2presents the 15 most informative features to the model. Afterwards  , the location of eye can be measured by detecting a agreement part with the paltern matching model in the eye image input. This paper explores the utility of MVERT for exploration and observing multiple dynamic targets. The top layer consists of the optimizer/query compiler component. This paper presents the neighbourhood preserving quantization NPQ method for approximate similarity search. However  , the fixed policy is better than the trajectories found by table-based Q- learning. The duration of the burn-in period was determined by running three MCMC chains in parallel and monitoring the convergence of predictions. These results indicate that these two feature sets are most influential among all feature sets. ing e.g. Here  , we first give the formal formulation of the author name disambiguation problem and then define the set of attributes  , called the similarity profile  , that will be used by random forest for disambiguation. Specifically  , the similarity score is computed as: For each temponym t of interest  , we run a multi-field boolean search over the different features of the temponym  , retrieving a set St of similar temponyms: St = {t : simLucenet  , t  ≥ τ } where simLucene is the similarity score of the boolean vector space model provided by Lucene and τ is a specified threshold. Consequently the derivation starts with the translation of the associated fragment by evaluating the following function: The recursive rule rcr , ,.ure is achieved by: RULfhceurriva Closure  , e  , Ccrorurc  , immediate ,@ where Cclo ,urc is the conditions extracted from the function between " Floor-Request " and " Closure " . The main theme in our participation in this year's HARD track was experimentation with the effect of lexical cohesion on document retrieval. Comparing the query expansion and document expansion for the tie-breaking  , the query expansion is even worse. the current model—support incompatibility and non-convexity— and developed new models that address them. As briefly discussed in Section 2  , the structure irfposedon thedatabasebythedesign- eris representedby amdule graph  , that is  , a labelled directed acyclic gralk whose nodes represent n-cdules  , whose +=s indicate relationships between modules and whose labelling function assigns tags to r&es indicating how the mdule was created. In this paper  , we discuss a new method for conceptual similarity search for text using word-chaining which admits more efficient document-to-document similarity search than the standard inverted index  , while preserving better quality of results. If the IGNITE optimizer chooses a sort-merge join for a query involving such sources  , the sorting operations will be executed by the engine of IGNITE. For notational simplicity  , we assume that each regular expression in a conjunctive query Q is distinct. This can be perceived from results already. InQuery's synonym operator was originally designed to support monolingual thesaurus expansion  , so it estimates TF and DF as follows 11 Pirkola appears to have been the first to try separately estimating TF and DF for query terms in a CLIR application 13  , using the InQuery synonym operator to implement what he called " structured queries. " Unfortunately  , the standard Drupal search could not be used for implementing this scenario. The " single data-multiple query " composite tuple Figure 10b can be used in conjunction with the sort-merge join based approach to apply the composite tuple to the Data SteM. Second  , suboptimal mappings have a larger impact in the two-dimensional space than in the unidimensional one. Every block traveled adds one unit to the cost function  , and each transfer contributes four units but takes a negligible time to execute. It is more flexible then the BU model  , because it works with two concepts: 'correctneu' aa a basis of the underlying indexing model  , and 'relevance' for ·the retrieval parameters. it contains only diagonal elements. We have developed an alternative method based on auxiliary data constructs: condition pattern relations and join pattern relations Segev & Zhao  , 1991a. Our Web-based query expansion QE consists of the Wikipedia QE module  , which extracts terms from Wikipedia articles and Wikipedia Thesaurus  , and the Google QE module  , which extends the PIRC approach that harvests expansion terms from Google search results Kwok  , Grunfeld & Deng  , 2005. These patterns are written in a regular-expression-like language where tokens can be: Resporator runs after the previously described annotators   , so quantities that the other annotators detect can be represented as quantities in the Resporator patterns. The regularizer with coefficient λ > 0 is used to prevent model over-fitting. All estimates are made using 500 bootstrap samples on the human rated data. Since the short-term user history is often quite sparse  , models like LSTM that has many training parameters cannot learn enough evidence from the sparse inputs. In our case online position estimates of the mapping car can be refined by offline optimization methods Thrun and Montemerlo  , 2005 to yield position accuracy below 0.15 m  , or with a similar accuracy onboard the car by localizing with a map constructed from the offline optimization. Table 6shows the results for five query expansion iterations. System poles are the roots of the denominator polynomial of the transfer function and zeros are the roots of the numerator polynomial. In addition to the ambiguity problem  , each of the approaches to CLIR has drawbacks associated with the availability of resources. The difference is that the thing to be extracted is defined by the expression  , not the component itself. are non-negative  , it means there is a solution for candidate migration. Previous methods fall into two major categories based on different criteria to measure similarity. Our approach allows both safe optimization and approximate optimization. In this paper  , we are concerned with automatic query expansion. We chose probabilistic structured queries PSQ as our CLIR baseline because among vector space techniques for CLIR it presently yields the best retrieval effectiveness. Map Size " denotes to the height and width of the convolutional feature maps to be pooled. " We store current rules in a prefix tree called the RS-tree. Such a technique has been shown to improve CLIR performance. We employ stochastic gradient descent to learn the parameters   , where the gradients are obtained via backprop- agation 12  , with fixed learning rate of 0.1. Table 4outlines the mapping of catalog groups in BMEcat to RDF. It is difficult to characterize the acceleration of the incremental updates by a multiplicative factor  , as it is clearly a different shape than the standard curves. First  , as our problems are not posed in an environment containing external obstacles  , the only collision constraint we impose is that our configurations be self-collision free  , and  , for the protein folding problem  , our preference for low energy con­ formations leads to an additional constraint on the feasible conformations. By using joints which can only fold in one direction  , theoretically  , feet would slap and stroke in a flat formation  , fold during retraction  , and avoid accidentally collapsing the cavity. We distinguish between the two versions in that one applies further query expansion for only those queries in which people's names occur 4 and the other applies for further query expansion for all queries 5 . The Pearson R coefficient of correlation is 0.884  , which is significant at the 0.05 level two-tailed. A comparison between the two approaches will show the advantages and disadvantages of using probabilistic term translation for CLIR. This was repeated for four iterations of query expansion  , thus retrieving a total of 100 documents for the search. the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. This section presents the core of CSurf's Context Analyzer module  , that drives contextual browsing. Besides  , in our current setting  , the preference between relevance and freshness is assumed to be only query-dependent. To our knowledge  , this is the first work that measures how often data is corrupted by database crashes. On each axis  , the likelihood probability gets projected as a continuous numeric function with maximum possible score of 1.0 for a value that is always preferred  , and a score of 0.0 for a value that is absent from the table. In this setting we extract proximity information from the documents inside R for computing the importance weights associated with the expansion terms. The search procedure performs beam search using classification accuracy of the N k as a heuristic function . In S-PLSA  , appraisal words are exploited to compose the feature vectors for blogs  , which are then used to infer the hidden sentiment factors. For example  , producible impact force is input  , a safety strategy is a factor  , its danger index is transfer function  , and injury to a human is output. For this experiment we used our own implementation of self-organbdng maps as moat thoroughly described in 30. Nevertheless  , since this work is the first step toward our final goal  , our model is yet to cover all the aspects of location-based social search. For instance  , many techniques model control flow and omit data  , thus folding together program states which differ only in variable values. We conduct CLIR experiments using the TREC 6 CLIR dataset described in Section 5.1. A learning task assumes that the agents do not have preliminary knowledge about the environment in which they act. Instead of applying evolution as a solution finder the traditional approach  , here  , the robot control system is able to face an open-ended evolution in a mutable environment  , since the robots are constantly being modified by evolution to cope with these variations. The recent rapid expansion of access to information has significantly increased the demands on retrieval or classification of sentiment information from a large amount of textual data. Although it is currently only used in a remote controlled manner  , an IDF division commander is quoted as saying " At least in the initial phases of deployment  , we're going to have to keep a man in the loop "   , implying the potential for more autonomous operations in the future. In the case of a physician  , the search is performed on technical article collections  , which include medical research publications. Thus  , a good CBIR method should consider low-level features as well as intrinsic structure of the data. Template similar to 1  , is a tree-based regular expression learnt over set of structures of pages within a site. However  , when high spatial autocorrelation occurs  , traditional metrics of correlation such as Pearson require independent observations and cannot thus be directly applied. The revised taxonomy reveals that  , while both techniques employ some folding  , one folds the state space further to allow exhaustive enumeration of program behaviors  , and the other visits only a sample of the complete space of possible states. Trails must contain pages that are either: search result pages  , search engine homepages  , or pages connected to a search result page via a sequence of clicked hyperlinks. The proposed model is guided by the principle that given the normalized frequency of a term in a document   , the score is proportional to the likelihood that the normalized tf is maximum with respect to its distribution in the elite set for the corresponding term. In the case of model-based learning the planner can compensate for modeling error by building robust plans and by taking into account previous task outcomes in adjusting the plan independently of model updates Atkeson and Schaal  , 1997. The hierarchical search makes use of the Lucene Boolean operator to join: a UMLS concept search  , appropriate Topic type word search e.g. The transfer function for first setup controller is: The sensitivity weighting function is assigned to be  Two controllers were designed using p -synthesis toolbox of Matlab. Prior knowledge can be embedded into the fuzzy rules  , which can reduce the training time significantly. In order to avoid optimization of subexpressions for sort orders not of interest the bottom-up approach first optimizes the inner most query block producing a set of plans each corresponding to an interesting order. We compute such a cuboid by merging these runs  , like the merge step of external sort  , aggregating duplicates if necessary . Then we compare the product models obtained from one of the BMEcat catalogs with products collected from Web shops through a focused Web crawl. However  , the computational expense and availability of comparable expansion collections should be considered.  Regular-Expression Matching: XTM provides the ability to search for text that matches a set of rules or patterns  , such as looking for phone numbers  , email addresses  , social-security numbers   , monetary values  , etc. The mapping to the dual plane and the use of arrangements provides an intuitive framework for representing and maintaining the rankings of all possible top-k queries in a non-redundant  , self-organizing manner. For query expansion  , we made use of the external documents linked by the URLs in the initial search results for query expansion. Using the sample of EANs  , we then looked up the number of vendors that offer the products by entering the EAN in the search boxes on Amazon.de  , Google Shopping Germany  , and the German comparison shopping site preissuchmaschine.de 16 . The first function in Figure 1is a recursive function cost::Part-+Num which computes the cost of any part : if x is a base part its cost is obtained from the base selector  , otherwise ils cost is obtained by recursively summing the costs of its immediate sub-parts. In the first paper  , it was put forward that Q-learning could be used at any level of the control hierarchy. In the following we describe the two major components of our demonstration: 1 the validity range computation and CHECK placement  , and 2 the re-optimization of an example query. The problem solving task is defined as any learning task where the system receives a reward only upon entering a goal state. Con-' sider a 2D system described by the transfer function \Ve can now give a realization procedure based on the method illustrated in the above example. As a result  , learning on the task-level is simpler and faster than learning on the component system level. Analogous to order optimization we call this grouping optimization and define that the set of interesting groupings for a given query consists of 1. all groupings required by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query 2. all groupings produced by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query. Essentially  , an interface to a bi-directional weakly connected graph that is transparently generated as the programmer works. We conducted a set of experiments aiming to evaluate the proposed disambiguation system in comparison with stateof-the-art methods on two well-known datasets. Personality diagnosis achieves an 11% improvement over baseline. In the following section  , five pictogram categories are described  , and characteristics in pictogram interpretation are clarified. The one-class classification problem is formulated to find a hyperplane that separates a desired fraction of the training patterns from the origin of the feature space F. This hyperplane cannot be always found in the original feature space  , thus a mapping function Φ : F − → F   , from F to a kernel space F   , is used. Search sessions comprised queries  , clicks on search results  , and pages visited during navigation once users left the search engine. Subsequently  , the starting parameters which yield the best optimization result of the 100 trials is taken as global optimium. Both transfer function have two zeros and four poles. The idea of partial pattern matching is based on the assumption that the answer is usually surrounded by keywords and their synonyms. While results are relatively stable with respect to γ  , we find that the performance of diversification with topic models is rather sensitive to the parameter K. In Section 6  , we will discuss the impact of K on the diversification results using our framework. Third  , using the position and orientation of the best leaf candidate  , the robot moves the camera system closer to it to obtain a more detailed view  , which is used to obtain a better model and eventually separate different leaves. Two sets of rules are developed to generate numbers and entities  , respectively. Supervised batch learning approaches for learning such classifiers must rely on large amounts of labeled data to achieve a high accuracy. The Pearson correlation coefficient between the width and the depth of a tree is 0.60  , which suggests that the largest trees are also the deepest ones. One element name is designated as the start symbol. : Multiple-query optimization MQO 20 ,19 identifies common sub-expressions in query execution plans during optimization  , and produces globally-optimal plans. Results: Table 1shows Pearson correlation r scores for both datasets. Experimentrdly we find that a=l and f3=0.7 lead to good results. We also plan to explore issues of post query optimization such as dynamic reconfiguration of execution plan at run time. We apply  , in order of precedence  , this sequence of regular expressions to each token from the token sequence previously obtained  , giving us the symbol sequence: x1  , . Cross-language retrieval supports the users of multilingual document collections by allowing them to submit queries in one language  , and retrieve documents in any of the languages covered by the retrieval system. distributions amounts to fitting a model with squared loss. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. This is regarded as a baseline in this study since current search engines show this source alone in search results. counting support for possible valid patterns. Concept assignment is semantic pattern matching in the application domain  , enabling the engineer to search the underlying code base for program fragments that implement a concept from the application domain. We utilize linguistic Ling  , statistical Stat  , and CLIR features f si of query term si to capture its characteristics from different aspects. Instead of feeding another time series as query  , the user provides the query in an intuitive way. Given a problem  , the basic idea behind genetic programming 18 is to generate increasingly better solutions of the given problem by applying a number of genetic operators to the current population . Sort/merge-joins and sort-based aggregations can also be used to execute join/group-by queries. Focused crawling  , on the other hand  , attempts to order the URLs that have been discovered to do a " best first " crawl  , rather than the search engine's " breadth-first " crawl. " In the method adopted here  , simulated annealing is applied in the simplex deformation. Both our weighting scheme and the two weighting schemes to be compared are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method to predict ratings for test users. In this paper  , we introduce the query expansion and ranking methods used by the NICTA team at 2007 Genomics Track. We also allow for approximate answers to queries using approximate regular expression matching. The main aim of our participation in the cross-language track this year was to try different combinations of various individual cross-language information retrieval CLIR approaches. structural similarity and keyword search use IR techniques. The first workshops  , when trying to find out the right approach for a specific document type  , are the most difficult ones. For example   , one cannot constrain the matching of events that logically match various parts of the same event pattern to those events that were generated by the same user or on the same machine. The force control for the experiments uses an inner velocity loop. In principle  , the optimal K should provide the best trade-off between fitting bias and model complexity. The full-order observer is designed so as not to significantly alter the dynamics of the closed-loop system. Evaluation is carried out by showing anecdotal results. Multi-level grouping can be efficiently supported in V ERT G . An example is given below: The outcome is a value close to 1 if the tweet contains an high level of syntactically incorrect content. Although Miller-Charles experiment was carried out 25 years later than Rubenstein- Goodenough's  , two sets of ratings are highly correlated pearson correlation coefficient=0.97. Condition 2 Search time ratio: The time of search within each consequent search disc is greater than the time of search within the previous search disc. by enumeration  , via a regular expression  , or via ad hoc operators specific to text structure such as proximity  , positional and inclusion operators for instance  , in the style of the model for text structure presented in 14. Finally  , Space verifies that each data exposure allowed by the application code is also allowed by the catalog. When experimented with the synthetic data and real-world data  , the proposed method makes a good inference of the parameters  , in terms of relative error. The Pearson correlation between the number of active seconds and the total number of seconds for these workers was 0.88 see Figure 7 . In addition to surface pattern matching  , we also adopt n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. Performance on the official TREC-8 ad hoc task using our probabilistic retrieval model is shown in Figure 7. In the simple similarity search interface  , a user can type a single keyword or multiple keywords  , and our system will return the relevant services to the user. However   , the materialized views considered by all of the above works are traditional views expressed in SQL. This is the value used for pattern matching evaluation. The proof is quite straightforward and is ommitted due to space considerations. The simplex attempts to walk downhill by replacing the 3741 vertex associated with the highest error by a better point. Many automatic query expansion techniques have been proposed. The objective function can be solved by the stochastic gradient descent SGD. We used term vectors constructed from the ASR text for allowing similarity search based on textual content. Active learning approaches based on genetic programming adopt a comitteebased setting to active learning. Our Matlab implementation of Pearson correlation had similar performance to Breese's at 300ms per rec. In this step  , if any document sentence contributes only stop words for the summary  , the matching is cancelled since the stop words are more likely to be inserted by humans rather than coming from the original document. Examining users' geographic foci of attention for different queries is potentially a rich source of data for user modeling and predictive analytics. Eventually robot has a single color TV camera and does not know the locationis  , the sizes and the weights of the ball and the other agent  , any camera parameters such as focal length and tilt angle  , or kinematics/dynamics of itself . Simplicity is a fundamental requirement in the design of solutions for this type of problems  , where users most likely have limited knowledge on how to protect their privacy through more sophisticated approaches. This can be achieved by extending the basic PLSA to incorporate a conjugate prior defined based on the target paper's abstract and using the Maximum A Posterior MAP estimator . Note that while reputation is a function of past activities of an identity  , trustworthiness is a prediction for the future. The structural function inlining exploits the property that the structural parameter's type changes for each recursive call according to the syntactic restrictions. 15 proposes an approach based on the Cauchy-Schwarz inequality that allows discarding a large number of superfluous comparisons. Theoretically  , the number of paths is exponential in the user-assigned search depth. For instance  , the following function from 28  performs a recursive access on the class hierarchy in order to figure out whether an entity is an instance of a given class. However  , the double skew case was not considered. We reused the same corpus-based methods that we utilized last year with considerable success  , while experimenting with using a number of off-the-shelf machine translation products. The importance factor is a weighting for particles that indicates the likelihood of the particle state being the true vehicle state. The optimization problem of join order selection has been extensively studied in the context of relational databases 12  , 11  , 16. The implementation of the regular-expression matching module is described in more detail in the paper by Brodie  , Taylor  , and Cytron 5. Query Expansion and MEDLINE. Updates may cause swapping via the bubble sort  , splitting  , and/or merging of tree nodes Updates to DB does not lead to any swapping of tree nodes  old gets changed. The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with two-point contact. From it  , we first notice that KM attains higher imputation accuracies than SEM for three out of the five datasets. Our model integrates information produced by some standard fusion method  , which relies on retrieval scores ranks of documents in the lists  , with that induced from clusters that are created from similar documents across the lists. 26  introduced the idea of program repair using genetic programming  , where existing parts of code are used to patch faults in other parts of code and patching is restricted to those parts that are relevant to the fault. Mean  , first and third quartile performance is given in Figure 6   , while Table 1 presents the performance averaged over all topics. The three search requests result in a search response that is a list of brief descriptions of zetoc records matching the search. To avoid this  , in our first tests on the first two benchmarks   , we applied a simulated annealing based 10 optimization method  , which optimized the parameters of the underlying learning method. In parallel  , semantic similarity measures have been developed in the field of information retrieval  , e.g. Suppose that there are N configurations a configuration is a query and an ordered set of results. These query groups arc listed in Figure" tcnthoustup " relations  , all ol' the nested loops metllods lost to the sort-merge methods cvcn though the SOI-TV merge methods must sort these large relations. Other search strategies can be specified as well. In the chemical domain similarity search is centered on chemical entities. We proposed a formal probabilistic model of Cross-Language Information Retrieval. Finally  , we would like to emphasize that we do not seek to claim the generalization of our results. The transformation that produces the best match is then used to correct the dead reckoning error. We deal with this problem by starting from multiple starting points. Another search paradigm for the LOD is faceted search/browsing systems  , which provide facets categories for interactive search and browsing 4 . In this year's task  , the summary is operationalized by a list of non-redundant  , chronologically ordered tweets that occur before time t. In the ad hoc search  , we apply a learning to rank framework with the help of the official API. From the last row in Table 6  , we can clearly see that compared with the text-only baseline  , all regularization methods can learn a better weight vector w that captures more accurately the importance of textual features for predicting the true quality on the held-out set. Finally  , a hill-climbing phase in which different implernentation choices are considered reintroduces some of the interactions. In fact  , according to the manual annotation study of SemEval  , the average inter-annotator agreement measured by Pearson correlation measure is only 53.67%. Meta-search engine allows a user to submit a query to several different search engines for searching all at once. Shannon Entropy is defined as To answer this question  , we calculate the Shannon Entropy of each user from the distribution of categories across their sessions. The striking agreement between the fit model and the mean of each collection is achieved at the corresponding edge density by fitting only . Here thrift-lib-w2-5t  , for example  , stands for the test case with 2 worker threads and 5 tasks per worker. However  , RaPiD7 is not focusing on certain artifacts or phases of software development  , and actually does not state which kind of documents or artifacts could be produced using the method  , but leaves this to the practitioner of the method. Combining all three resources seems to be a relatively safe choice: it improves significantly over the pLSA run on two out of the three topic sets  , and on the third topic set  , although the difference is not statistically significant with a Table 5 : Comparing LapPLSA and pLSA. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first work to apply federated IR techniques in the context of entity search. For a given nested query block  , several execution plans are possible  , each having its own required parameter sort order and cost. Although their impact on CLIR performance is small  , spelling normalization and stemming are still useful because they reduce the need for memory because there are fewer entries in the lexicon and they improve the retrieval speed by simplifying the score computation. Therefore the final gradient λ new a of a document a within the objective function is obtained over all pairs of documents that a participates in for query q: In general  , for our purposes 2   , it is sufficient to state that LambdaMART's objective function is based upon the product of two components: i the derivative of a crossentropy that originates from the RankNet learning to rank technique 3 calculated between the scores of two documents a and b  , and ii the absolute change ∆M in an evaluation measure M due to the swapping of documents a and b 4. Such tools do not generate concrete test cases and often result in spurious warnings  , due to the unsoundness of the modeling of language semantics. It was seen that the derived transfer function agreed identically with the analytic optimal spring solution presented. This information is necessary to derive accurate relational statistics that are needed by the relational optimizer to accurately estimate the cost of the query workload. A site entry page may have multiple equivalent URLs. This text similarity approach is also used in userspecified search queries: A user's query is treated just as another document vector  , allowing matching artifacts to be sorted by relevance based on their degree of similarity to the search query. One way to address this problem is to use a fast lower bounding function to help prune sequences that could not possibly be a best match. The " stand-alone " approaches described above suffered from a key architectural drawback as pointed out by 40  , the first paper to propose an explicit workload model and also to use the query optimizer for estimating costs. The master workspace was transformed into a cylindrical shaped space to assist the operator in maintaining smooth motion along a curved surface. find that a better method is to combine the question-description pairs used for training P D|Q with the description-question pairs used for training P Q|D  , and to then use this combined set of pairs for learning the word-to-word translation probabilities. Ranking functions usually could not work consistently well under all situations. The performance difference between our method BBC-Press and the other three methods is quite significant on all the five datasets  , given the small error bars. It also summarizes related work on query optimization particularly focusing on the join ordering problem. We then calculate an IPC score based on the expansion concepts in CE. Summary. We attempt to extract author names both by means of matches of the generated EREG  , or extracting the text appearing in between two matches of a GREG. By creating a separate relation for every spec field  , Squander solves all these problems: whatever abstraction function is given to a spec field  , it will be translated into a relational constraint on the corresponding relation  , and Kodkod will find a suitable value for it. Each rule is represented by a regular expression  , and to the usual set of operators we added the operator →  , simple transduction  , such that a → b means that the terminal symbol a is transformed into the terminal symbol b. In SPARQL 5 no operator for the transformation from RDF statements to SPARQL is defined. We apply a. liyclrodynamic potential field in the sensorimotor spa.ce to choose an action cf. However  , they do not deal with the latter problem  , suggesting further investigation as future work. The success with which web pages attract in-links from others in a given period becomes an indicator of the page authority in the future.   , two extraction components for non-ontological entities have been implemented: person name extractor for Finnish language and regular expression extractor. The transformed domain ¯ D and the similarity s can be used to perform approximate similarity search in place of the domain D and the distance function d. Figure 1c shows the similarity  , computed in the transformed space  , of the data objects from the query object. Existing tools like RepeatMasker 12 only solve the problem of pattern matching  , rather than pattern discovery without prior knowledge. We prepare the experimental data from a search log of a major commercial search engine. C. Classifiers in contention For multi-class problems  , a concept referred to as " classifiers in contention " the classifiers most likely to be affected by choosing an example for active learning is introduced in 15. Input rule files are compiled into a graph representation and a depth first search is performed to see if a certain token starts a pattern match. In a classic search engine  , the users enter their search terms and then request the system to search for matching results. While most of the folding simulations to date have been relatively small  , focusing on runs of short  , engineered proteins  , large-scale simulations such as Folding@Home 13 have come online and are expected to generate a tremendous amount of data. Several probabilistic retrieval models for integrating term statistics with entity search using multiple levels of document context to improve the performance of chemical patent invalidity search. Mukhopadyay et al. The consolidated stoppage points are subsequently clustered using a modified DBSCAN technique to get the identified truck stops. In particular  , there are two sets of rules predicates which work together to identify the set of successor tasks. However  , it is necessary to add semantics to symbols so that they can be employed in a query expansion technique. Next  , we study the Pearson product-moment correlation between user j's disclosure score θ j and the user's five personality scores  , plus three additional attributes  , namely sex  , number of social contacts  , and age. In addition  , we can perform subpixel localization in the discretized pose space by fitting a surface to the peak that occurs at the most likely robot position. The subjects varied in their ability to identify good expansion terms  , being able to identify 32% -73% of the good expansion terms. Although a kinematic model gives a good description of the camera's movement for general applications  , it is useful to consider the unstabilized components in motion due to the change of operating conditions  , external disturbances  , etc. The Pearson correlation is 0.463  , which shows a strong dependency between the median AP scores of a topic on both collections. The search engine then returns a ranked list of documents. Section 4 deals with query evaluation and optimization. The input to this pre-condition computation will be a DFA that accepts the attack strings characterized by the regular expression given above. Given that news is separated into eight topics  , 16 interest profiles exist in a single user model. Many researchers have investigated the use of statistics for query optimization  , especially for estimating the selectivity of single-column predicates using histograms PC84  , PIH+96  , HS95 and for estimating join sizes Gel93  , IC91  , SS94 using parametric methods Chr83  , Lyn88 . Reference 22 proposed the controller synthesis approach to guarantee the closed-loop transfer function is strictly positive. Specifically  , our random forest model substantially outperforms all other models as query length increases. In addition  , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects. A variety of research has also examined the multilingual mapping of different knowledge organization systems such as thesauri or subject headings in order to support CLIR in multilingual library collections. We utilize the Clarke Tax mechanism that maximizes the social utility function by encouraging truthfulness among the individuals  , regardless of other individuals choices. For example  , tree pattern matching has also been extensively studied in XML stream environment 7  , 15 . The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. We have presented the new query language XIRQL which integrates all these features  , and we have described the concepts that are necessary in order to arrive at a consistent model for XML retrieval. For fair comparison  , we used the same five field entity representation scheme and the same query sets as in 33  Sem- Search ES consisting primarily of named entity queries  , List- Search consisting primarily of entity list search queries  , QALD- 2 consisting of entity-focused natural language questions  , and INEX-LD containing a mix of entity-centric queries of different type. The first rule invokes a search for a possible open reading frame ORF  , that is  , a possible start and stop location for translation in a contig and for a similarity that is contained within. In this paper  , we present a query expansion technique that improves individual search by utilizing contextual information. For traditional relational databases  , multiplequery optimization 23 seeks to exhaustively find an optimal shared query plan. That was in contrary to the results we got using query expansion over 2011 and 2012 topics. This results in a fast determination of the shortest distance paths  , which enable the robot to navigate safely in narrow passages as well as efficiently in open spaces. With such an approach  , no new execution operators are required  , and little new optimization or costing logic is needed. Otherwise  , the resulting plans may yield erroneous results. Such a study will help identify good candidate pivot languages. Thus  , next we show how to address this issue such that we can use stochastic gradient descent effectively. For example  , in Figure 1suppose that another liberal news site enters the fray. To compare the two approaches in detail  , we are interested in answering two questions. The so-called hill-climbing search method locally optimize the summary hierarchy such that the tree is an estimated structure built from past observations and refined every time a new tuple is inserted. For a planar biped  , the proposed control strategy consists in the tracking of a reference path instead of a reference motion for the joints and for the position of the CoP. To achieve better optimization results  , we add an L2 penalty term to the location and time deviations in our objective function in addition to the log likelihood. Query expansion may contribute to weight linked shared concepts  , thus improving the document provider's understanding of the query. Some semantic-relevance images that can not be found under the typical visual bag-of-words model were successfully retrieved. While coupled  , or MIMO  , controllers have an inherently greater potential for being able to uncouple a coupled system they have several potential disadvantages  , including computational complexity and they do not lend themselves to modularity. MIRACLE exploits some techniques used by the OR- ACLE Server for the query optimization a rule-based approach and an statistical approach. Query expansion is a commonly used technique in search engines  , where the user input is usually vague. We observe that the future frequency of a request is more correlated with its past frequency if it is a frequent query  , and there is little correlation when a request only occurs a handful of times in the past. Thus  , it is most beneficial for the search engine to place best performing ads first. In the absence of any feedforward terms  , the response is governed by the poles of the transfer function. This method is common because it gives a concise  , analytical estimate of the parameters based on the data. Language modeling approaches apply query expansion to incorporate information from Lafferty and Zhai 7 have demonstrated the probability equivalence of the language model to the probabilistic retrieval model under some very strong assumptions  , which may or may not hold in practice. In particular  , we use a technique for approximate similarity search when data are represented in generic metric spaces. The low-end cut off of the transfer function is -25.7dBu 40mV and the highend attenuation point is -7.7dBu 320mV. Average distance weight and the co-occurrence ratio are not able to reflect the semantic similarities between a question and a candidate answer. The Maximum Entropy approach allows for the use of a large amount of descriptors without the need to specify their relevance for training a specific semantic concept. DBSCAN makes use of an R* tree to achieve good performance. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. The resulting good performance of CLIR corresponds to the high quality of the suggested queries. Consider the enormous state space  , and a likelihood function with rather narrow peaks. While the systems mentioned above have made a number of advances in relation to image search  , there are a number of important differences that make video search much more difficult than image search. In the context of the appearance-based approach  , the mapspace X into action space Y remains a nontrivial problem in machine learning  , particularly in incremental and realtime formulations. According to one model Collection-centric  , each collection is represented as a term distribution computed over its contents. Note that PerfPlotter cannot guarantee that the worst-case paths will actually be explored due to the heuristics nature. Similarly  , we define the probability of observing the document dm given the sentences present in it as follows. The results of PRMS are significantly worse compared to MLM in our settings  , which indicates that the performance of this model degrades in case of a large number of fields in entity descriptions. Modern maps provide magnified inse$ zooming to show needed detail in small  , critical regions  , thus allowing the main map to be rendered at a smaller scale; they provide indexes of special entities e.g. However  , there are a number of problems with simply using standard Q-learning techniques. Since OOAlgebra resembles the relational algebra   , the familiar relational query optimization techniques can be used. In such a case  , the objective function degenerates to the log-likelihood function of PLSA with no regularization. A dynamically changed DOM state does not register itself with the browser history engine automatically  , so triggering the 'Back' function of the browser is usually insufficient . For each correct answer  , we replaced the return variable  ?uri in the case of the QALD-2 SELECT queries by the URI of the answer  , and replaced all other URIs occurring in the query by variables  , in order to retrieve all triples relevant for answering the query 10 . This way  , we can tweak the level of expansion by gradually including more expansion terms from the lists of expansion terms  , and answer how much expansion is needed for optimal performance. It is therefore not useful to make an expansion for this query. We first tried the regular-expression-based matching approach . Predicate buffer and output buffer: The derivation of the function Out-Buffers is similar to that of Results  , and the derivation of Pred-Buffers is straightforward.  Which ontological relationships are suitable for automatic query expansion; which for interactive query expansion ? Financial data  , such as macro-economic indicator time series for countries  , information about mergers and acquisition M&A deals between companies  , or stock price time series  , is typically stored in relational databases  , requiring domain expertise to search and retrieve. Our suggested probabilistic methods are also able to retrieve per-feature opinions for a query product. He provided evidence for the existence of search communities by showing that a group of co-workers had a higher query similarity threshold than general Web users. Thus  , the specification-based and program-based test suites for A are not rerun. This means that our current implementation only approximates the top-k items. Then the document scores and their new ranks are transformed using exponential function and logarithmic function respectively. Unfortunately  , to use Popov's stability theory  , one must construct a strict positive real system transfer function matrix  , but this is a very tedious work. The key problem of query expansion is to compute the similarities between terms and the original query. Finally  , the block size for AIX is 2KB  , with Starburst assuming 4KB pages  , so each Starburst I/O actually requires two AIX I/OS.' To test whether the relative difficulty of the topics is preserved over the two document sets  , we computed the Pearson correlation between the median AP scores of the 50 difficult topics as measured over the two datasets. Hence the cross-axis effect of y-acceleration on the x-axis may be modeled by the least-squares fitting of a secondarder polynomial to the data  , The result of this model is shown in Fig. Privileged statements modify the value of a passed tainted data and/or derive new instances of tainted data. Game theory assumes that the players of a game will pursue a rational strategy. 28 use Wordnet for query expansion and report negative results. Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. Thus we suggest a method for optimizing these parameters by maximizing Pearson correlation between ERR and a target online click metric. CLIR is to retrieve documents in one language target language providing queries in another language source language. However  , the combined search yields a similar final behavior to keyword-based search. They considered the position of the tip or that of an intermediate point as the noncollocated output. The details of these techniques are given in the next section. The idea proposed in 9  is to compile XSLT <applytemplates/> instruction into a combination of XQuery's conditional expressions where the expression conditions literally model the template pattern matching and the expression bodies contain function calls that invoke the corresponding XQuery function that translated from the XSLT template. With these feature functions  , we define the objective likelihood function as: Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. To combat the above problem  , we propose a generalized LFA strategy that trades a slight increase in running time for better accuracy in estimating Mr  , and therefore improves the performance of IMRank on influence spread. The use of Bing's special search operators was not evaluated at all. Unfortunately  , the correct recursive function to induct upon is obscured by the many irrelevant terms in the hypothesis. An age-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for the identification of de-identified age groups mentioned in visits. Compared to these methods   , ARROW mainly differentiates itself by detecting a different attack a.k.a  , drive-by download. The self-folding devices in this paper were all fabricated using methods consistent with those published in Felton et al. Finally  , modeling relational data as it persists or changes across time is an important challenge. The sort-merge equijoin produces a result that is sorted and hence grouped on its join attributes c nationkey. Such a foot would in fact be more like the basilisk lizard than the standard flat circle used in the previous water runner studies. The first task provides a set of expertdefined natural language questions of information needs also known as TS topics for retrieving sets of documents from a predefined collection that can best answer those questions. The key idea in mapping to a higher space is that  , in a sufficiently high dimension  , data from two categories can always be separated by a hyper-plane. Ogden and Davis 19 were among the first to study the utility of CLIR systems in interactive settings. In this way  , after two optimization calls we obtain both the best hypothetical plan when all possible indexes are present and the best " executable " plan that only uses available indexes. We build a system called ARROW to automatically generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs and evaluate the effectiveness of these signa- tures. query terms rather than document terma because they were investigating probabilistic retrieval Model 2 of Robertson et.al. In this case it is advisable to choose the optimum slope which requires the nummum energy consumption. If words are added to a query using relevant documents retrieved from a database of automatically transcribed audio   , then there is the danger that the query expansion may include recognition errors 14 . Each experiment performed hill climbing on a randomly selected 90% of the division data. This paper looks at the three grand probabilistic retrieval models: binary independent retrieval BIR  , Poisson model PM  , and language modelling LM. The second challenge is that the MDS's frequency threshold cannot be set as high as it is in frequent subsequence mining. One of the first works to address abusive language was 21  which used a supervised classification technique in conjunction with n-gram  , manually developed regular expression patterns  , contextual features which take into account the abusiveness of previous sentences. A second approach we used for translation is based on automatic dictionary lookup. A meta search system sends a user's query to the back-end search engines  , combines the results and presents an integrated result-list to the user. The query optimizer shuffles operators around in the query tree to produce a faster execution plan  , which may evaluate different parts of the query plan in any order considered to be correct from the relational viewpoint. Distributed graph pattern matching. We used joule heating from resistive circuit traces because as wide as possible to reduce resistance  , preventing unintended heating. The work on diversification of search results has looked into similar objectives as ours where the likelihood of the user finding at least one result relevant in the result set forms the basis of the objective function. On the other hand  , when the same amount of main memory is used by the multi-probe LSH indexing data structures  , it can deal with about 60- million images to achieve the same search quality. Sheridan differentiates between two types: those which use a time series extrapolation for prediction  , and those which do system modeling also including the multidimensional control input2. We hope  , however  , that this will encourage these people to participate in the future  , thus increasing the size of the pool. The mapping of product classes and features is shown in Table 3. Because they have sufficient rules and weights  , the answers are created from learning their known question and answer pairs in the open domain. Where Qd is the continuously differentiable bounded desired trajectory and Fs is any relative order one  , strictly proper exponentially stable transfer function. In this paper we take the perspective of SaaS providers which host their applications at an IaaS provider. First  , the string being searched for is often not constant and instead requires regular expression matching. Indeed  , it can he argued that the PRM framework was instrumental in this broadening of the range of applicability of motion planning  , as many of these prohlems had never before heen considered candidates for automatic methods. To ensure the FFT functioned appropriately  , the data was limited to a range which covered only an integer number of cycles. The latter approach was chosen in this paper because it avoids representing the high-dimensional feature space. It has been verified that such a hierarchical learning method works effectively for a centralize d controlled systems  , but the effectiveness of such a distributed controllcd system is not guaranteed. Our experiments this year for the TREC 1-Million Queries Track focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine 4. The topics are categorised into a number of different categories  , including: easy/hard topic " difficulty "   , semantic/visual topic " visuality "   , and geographic/general 4. Since there is no guarantee of a unique extremum in the cost function   , a method like simulated annealing can be used to optimize the cost function 22. These optimization rules follow from the properties described earlier for PIVOT and UNPIVOT. What we need is a similarity measure that can be used to find documents similar to the seed abstracts from a large database. Note that one image-pattern neuron is added at every training point and the target's pose at that point is stored in conjunction with the image-pattern neuron for use later. Eppstein 13  showed that  , for general part feeders with non-monotonic transfer functions  , finding a shortest plan is NP-complete. However the matching is not straightforward because of the two reasons. The latter problem is typically solved using learning to rank techniques. If a team member checks-in some changes that are subsequently found to break previously checked-in code then there has been a breakdown of some sort. Tools that create structural markup may rely on statistical models or rules referring to detail markup. The first three of them are automatic query translation run  , using our word segmentation approach for indexing  , while the monolingual run we submit uses n-gram based segmentation. Then  , we separately perform experiments to evaluate the imputation effects of our approach and the applicability of our imputation approach for different effort estimators. We use document-at-a-time scoring  , and explore several query optimization techniques. More detail about the concerns selected is available elsewhere 9. Under the bag-of-words assumption  , the generative probability of word w in document d is obtained through a softmax function over the vocabulary: Each document vector is trained to predict the words it contains. for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. For our dataset we used clicks collected during a three-month period in 2012. Similarly  , the work of 25 leverages IRL to learn an interaction model from human trajectory data. 6 analyzed the potential of page authority by fitting an exponential model of page authority. On the flip side  , DBSCAN can be quite sensitive to the values of eps and MinPts  , and choosing correct values for these parameters is not that easy. This allows for real-time reward learning in many situations  , as is shown in Section IV . The second data set contains 2 ,000 data items in 3- dimensional space with 2 clusters the middle one in Fig.3. We choose questions from two standard Q&A questions and answers test sets  , namely  , QALD and WebQuestions as query contexts and ask a group of users to construct queries complying with these questions and check the results with the answers in the test sets. In other search engines such as Hill-Climbing  , it is clear that starting from a good location can significantly improve chances for convergence to an optimal solution in a much shorter time. To allow larger distances to increase backtracking capability and avoid the exponential explosion  , a maximum number of markings is allowed at each level. Query-biased similarity aims to find similar documents given the context of the user's search and avoid extraneous topics. To demonstrate the usefulness of this novel language resource we show its performance on the Multilingual Question Answering over Linked Data challenge QALD-4 1 . But the interactive query expansion users are not then involved in their own tasks. For example   , the approach presented in 5 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. The dotted lines indicate the path each contact took in 3D space during the iterated refinement and hill climbing steps. We adopt the PLSA model to tackle this novel problem. We shall examine normalized vectors to see if it helps for an easier parameter tuning. The basic search technique is a form of heuristic search with the state of the search recorded in a task agenda. A detailed discussion can be found in If the load is negligible the actuator dynamics transfer function becomes A brief discussion on EH servo system operation modeling is iven. Figure 2shows the results for the random forest base classifier. The results indicate that query expansion based on the expansion corpus can achieve significant improvement over the baselines. The mathematical problem formulation is given in Section 3. Furthermore  , if a structurally recursive query is applied to non-recursive XML data  , the structural function inlining transforms a recursive function call into a finitely nested iterations sensitive to their local types. Indeed  , there are many queries for which state-of-the-art PF expansion methods yield retrieval performance that is substantially inferior to that of using the original query with no expansion — the performance robustness problem 2  , 7. The translation resource was EuroWordNet  , a multilingual thesaurus consisting of WordNets for various European languages including those used in TREC CLIR queries 20. Regarding the multiple adjective choice  , even if not supported by statistical significance  , we observe that children in the OAT condition chose no machine category adjectives  , 30% of the chosen adjectives belonged to the humanized category and 70% to the relational one. Indeed  , mapping technology itself—including the prior technology of the printed map— privileges a particular cognitive perspective 9. In the whole teleoperation  , highly accurate control has been achieved. We apply pooling to aggregate information along the word sequence. Search UK as a Federated Search enabler. We emphasize that these features cannot be calculated before the result page is formed  , thus do not participate in the ranking model. 14 is a non-trivial task because it needs to search over all possible ranking combinations . Interestingly  , for the topic law and informatization/computerization 1719 we see that the Dutch translation of law is very closely related. Recursive data base queries expressed in datalog function-free Horn clause programs are most conveniently evaluated using the bottom-up or forward chaining evaluation method see  , e.g. Let's say we are deciding between the heuristic recommender and the aspect model for implicit rating prediction. In the provided evaluation   , the gold standard was manually created by the domain experts. An overview of the technical issues involved in supporting CLIR within the European Library with a specific focus on user query translation can be found in Agosti1. The vibration modes of the flexible beam are identified by the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , and illustrated in Fig. Similar results are observed for the TREC-8 test collection. Thus  , accurate current-based output models are difficult to develop  , and more importantly  , to invert for torque control schema. We also show results that demonstrate the advantages of our approach over support vector machine based models. Figure 2shows the system architecture of CollabSeer. Thesaurus expansion was found to improve recall significantly at some lesser cost in precision. Using example trajectories through the space allows us to easily incorporate human knowledge about how to perform a task in the learning system. Case-folding overcomes differences between terms by representing all terms uniformly in a single case. 630 where Φ 1 and Φ 2 are relations representing variable assignments and their annotations. The keyword given by the user can be a query for integrated search to provide a mixed search result of Web and TV programs. 5  employed a simple method which defines several manuallyconstructed definition patterns to extract definition phrases. Word embedding as technique for representing the meaning of a word in terms other words  , as exemplified by the Word2vec ap- proach 7 . Our models assume that the questions in the dataset can be grouped into K distinct clusters and that each cluster has a distinct relevance prediction model as well. For similarity search under cosine similarity  , this works well  , for only similarity close to 1 is interesting. To overcome the above problems  , researchers have focused on using query expansion techniques to help users formulate a better query. The likelihood can be written as a function of Purchase times in the observations are generated by using a set of hidden variables θ = {θ 1  , θ2..  , θM } θ m = {βm  , γm}. We used pattern matching to extract and normalize this information. In this paper  , we treat a robot hand with five-bar finger mechanism and then the stiffness relation between the fingertip space and joint space is described by using the backward Jacobian mapping. The pattern-matching language is based on regular expressions over the annotations; when a sequence of annotations is matched by the left-hand side pattern  , then the right-hand side defines the type of annotation to be added Organization in the example case above. This year  , we further incorporated a new answer extraction component Shen and Lapata  , 2007 by capturing evidence of semantic structure matching. We define semantic relevance of a pictogram to be the measure of relevancy between a word query and interpretation words of a pictogram. They defined an observability index  , e.g. 2 11 queries with monolingual Avg. P lower than CLIR. To simplify the problem   , we model each axis of a machine tool as a simple second-order transfer function. The detection of common sub-expressions is done at optimization time  , thus  , all queries need to be optimized as a batch. An exponential likelihood function pDT W ij |c j  is calculated using the DTW distance between every trajectory i and the model trajectory j of the motion. We compute this likelihood for all the clusters. Summing over query sessions  , the resulting approximate log-likelihood function is The exact derivation is similar to 15 and is omitted.  We generated QR codes by first converting PDF documents into Microsoft Word™ format and then embedding the QR tag in the document to be printed. The Pearson correlation between coverage of a sub-field and percentage of triggered changes is 0.252. In general we observed that a small but specific set of attributes are sufficient indicators of a navigational page. function based on this metric to zero. The indexing relation is of the kind defined in IOTA Ker84In this chapter we present  , first  , the query language structure. Relation a  , an abstraction relation  , explains how any given concrete design  , d ∈ cm  , instantiates i.e. In this context  , the ontological reasoning provides a way to compute the heuristic cost of a method before decomposing it. To our knowledge  , no one has yet tried to incorporate such a thesaurus within the language modeling framework. Pattern matching approaches are widely used because of their simplicity. One major goal of us is to evaluate the effect of a probabilistic retrieval model on the legal domain. In this paper  , we explored and analyzed an end-to-end approach to making self-folding sheets activated by uniformheat . Boolean operators and uncertainty operators have to be evaluated in a different way from the evaluation of semantic operators. As already pointed out  , our model for document similarity is based on a combination of geographic and temporal information to identify events. From results presented in Section 4  , the indications are that the most unstable clusters clusters 8  , 9 and 10 should probably have formed part of other more stable clusters. These results show that worthwhile improvements are possible from interactive query expansion in the restricted context represented by the Cranfield collection. We also develop a GUI tool to help users to construct queries in case they are not familiar with the SPARQL syntax. This technique may be of independent interest for other applications of query expansion. In this example  , P-DBSCAN forms better clusters since it takes local density into account. Figure 4shows an example of such state space. However  , non-holonomic vehicles have constrained paths of traversal and require a different histogram mapping. The procedure commences with initial support and confidence threshold values  , describing a current location   in the base plane of the playing area. For the defined model the phase space is 6-dimensional. FE- NN2 is based on the fast implementation scheme and the approximate pignistic Shannon entropy. Importantly  , our navigation-aided retrieval model strictly generalizes the conventional probabilistic information retrieval model  , which implicitly assumes no propensity to navigate formal details are provided in Section 3. Disambiguation through increasing the weight of relevant search keys is an important way of disambiguation Hull  , 1997. Studies that used MT systems for CLIR include Ballesteros and Croft 1998; Oard 1998. The problem of imputation is thus: complete the database as well as possible. To get a weighting function representing the likelihood An exemplary segmentation result obtained by applying this saturation feature to real data is shown in figure 3b. In our method  , we do the latter  , using already induced word embedding features in order to improve our system accuracy. Our query expansion technique adds to a given query terms which are highly similar  , in terms of statistical distribution  , to all of the terms in the query. Annotations made in the reader are automatically stored in the same Up- Lib repository that stores the image and text projections. While bearing a resemblance to multi-modal metric learning which aims at learning the similarity or the distance measure from multi-modal data  , the multi-modal ranking function is generally optimized by an evaluation criterion or a loss function defined over the permutation space induced by the scoring function over the target documents. The numbers in table 1 show that the CLIR approach in general outperforms our baseline. We plan to expand this set of search tools by providing a " beam " search  , a greedy search  , a K-lookahead greedy search  , and variations of the subassembly-guided search. The procedure of creating start-point list is illustrated in Fig. Because it is easier to express the metric error for the branch fitting than for the sub-branch finding  , 30 trials were first run on simulated branches with no sub-branches. In the above definition  , it is equivalent to compute the traditional skyline  , having transformed all points in the new data space where point q is the origin and the absolute distances to q are used as mapping functions. maximum heap space  , and the numbers of MultiExprs and ExprXlasses in the logical and physical expression spaces at the end of optimization. Unlike traditional predictive display where typically 3D world coordinate CAD modeling is done  , we do not assume any a-priori information. cur i u can be viewed as a curiousness score mapped from an item's stimulus on the curiosity distribution. We calculated the Pearson correlation coefficient between the Miller-Charles scores and the NBD baseline  , as well as the three NSWD variants. Prior work captured the effect of excessive terms appearing only in the document on the ranking score mainly by their contribution to overall document context or structure. This property is called interlacing. It also contains a reference to the policy to which the instance is migrated if the condition evaluates to true. Briefly  , the simplest and most practical mechanism for recognizing patterns specified using regular expressions is a Finite State Machine FSM. The search latency was controlled by using a clientside script that adjusted search latency by a desired amount of delay. Database queries are optimized based on cost models that calculate costs for query plans. In the remainder of this section we describe each of these methods in turn. As a result  , any monitor number for merge-join input streams is unreliable unless we have encountered a " dam " operator such as SORT or TEMP  , which by materializing all rows ensures the complete scan and count of the data stream prior to the merge join. To get rid of them  , we inline the corresponding function body in place of each function call. The project shown had 30 modules; the history and metrics of 2/3 of these were used for predicting the ranking of the remaining ten modules. The Epoq approach to extensible query optimization allows extension of the collection of control strategies that can be used when optimizing a query 14. Two fusion methods were tested: local headline search  , and cross rank similarity comparison approximating document overlap by measuring the similarity of documents across the source rankings to be merged. Topic modeling approaches employing PLSA have also been used to extract latent themes within a set of articles5   , however this approach is heavyweight and may incorrectly cluster important terms causing them to be missed. While our techniques are fully general  , we have emphasized the fixed level cases in our reporting so that we can make comparisons with results in the literature. The particular minimum of 3 in which the robot finds itself is dependent on the path traversed through through joint space to reach current joint angles. All these techniques rely on similarity functions which only use information from the input string and the target entity it is supposed to match. The types of games examined as part of game theory  , however  , tend to differ from our common notion of interactive games. Given a search topic  , a perfect document-to-document similarity method for find-similar makes the topic's relevant documents most similar to each other. LambdaMART 30 is a state-of-the-art learning to rank technique  , which won the 2011 Yahoo! This is presented to the user by Figure 4: Training session highlighting the clipped element with a blue border. As described previously  , elementary changes may cause new changes to be introduced by the evolution strategy in order to keep the ontology consistent – such dependencies may be represented using the CAUSECHANGE property . In this paper  , the primary purpose of fitting a model is not prediction  , but to provide a quantitative means to identify sub-populations. We then compute QRS as the maximum of these similarities: d  , Si Because retrieving the entire documents in the top search results to compare them with the target document is prohibitively expensive for a real-time search engine unless the vector forms of the retrieved documents are available  , we approximate the lexical content of interest of the retrieved documents with the snippet of the document as generated by the search engine for the target query. TALI denotes the traditional active learning using informativeness  , where the most 20 uncertain instances are added to previous training set to train a new active learner. The BWT rearranges characters in a block by the sort order of the suffixes of these characters. It shows that for most recall values  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the basic LSH method by an order of magnitude.  query broadening: are measures of a term's discriminative power of use when broadening the search query ? Therefore we believe that the required amount of manual work for developers is rea- sonable. Our system with query expansion using Wikipedia performs better than the one only with description. Bhatia has adopted the latest idea to provide personalized query expansion based on a user profile represented by a dependence tree 3. van Rijsbergen suggests the use of the constructed dependence tree for query expansion. In contrast to the approaches presented  , we use a similarity thesaurus Sch 92  as the basis of our query expansion . We needed to index most of the content  , so indexing the content with partial noise was preferred to the one where some content blocks are unrecognized. Indri structure query language model 3 is used in our two interactive runs DUTgen1 and DUTgen2. Lack of Strategies for Applying Possibly Overlapping Optimization Techniques. As mentioned earlier  , since these URLs  , e.g. This modeling approach has the advantage of improving our understanding of the mechanisms driving diffusion  , and of testing the predictive power of information diffusion models. An example of the pattern matching operation is shown in Figure 19 The 'anchor' input line could be pulsed with arrival of every text character  , in which case the operations will take place in the 'unanchored' mode. In general  , the quality of solutions increases with density. It is not our goal in this paper to analyze optimization techniques for on-disk models and  , hence  , we are not going to compare inmemory and on-disk models. The first 1 ,000 iterations of MCMC chains were discarded as an initial burn-in period. Damljanovic et al. It is shown to improve the quality of the extracted aspects when compared with two strong baselines. Query expansion is a wellknown method in IR for improving retrieval performance. Here  , we adopt the PARAFAC model 4 to carry out further tensor decomposition on the approximate core tensorˆStensorˆ tensorˆS to obtain a set of projection matricesˆPmatricesˆ matricesˆP The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. Next  , we turn our attention to query optimization. The coordinate form representation of the latter is given by tlie n x n manipulator Jacobian matrix DecpO. We designed our method for databases and files where records are stored once and searched many times. The system eliminates the pixels in the masked region from the calculation of the correlation of the large template Fig.2left and determines the best match position of the template with the minimum correlation error in a search area. In this section we study the recommendation performance of ExpoMF by fitting the model to several datasets. The tracking performances after ONE learning trial with q=20 are summarized in Table 1. In this paper  , we return to first principles to derive an approach to CLIR that is motivated by cross-language meaning matching. The imputation strategy depends on specific application scenarios and is independent of our method. We also observed that the relative performance between U-AHC and F OPTICS  , and between F DBSCAN and U-AHC did not substantially vary with the dataset. Structural similarity: The similarity of two expressions is defined as a function of their structures and the symbols they share. Given a hierarchical view that already is defined  , the user simply inserts a new function and provides a defining expression by using func- tions of PREV. Fig.1illustrates the unified entity search framework based on the proposed integral multi-level graph. After completing queries  , participants reported their familiarity with each search topic on a 5-point Likert scale. Finally  , to address the varying number of checkins per user  , we compute the Shannon Entropy of the per user checkin frequency. Thus  , improvements in retrieval quality that address intrinsically diverse needs have potential for broad impact. Our approach provides a conceptually simple but explanatory model of re- trieval. 2  , this direction changes during movement  , even in the absence of other perturbations. It also included a search box to allow users to search using keywords. The entropy-based LSH method generates randomly perturbed objects and use LSH functions to hash them to buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method uses a carefully derived probing sequence based on the hash values of the query object. The recursive function is defined as: Solve formula 16 by dynamic programing to learn the indication vector E = {e1  , e2  , ..  , em} and send sequence si to query for labeling if ei = 1. be achieved with total number of elements less than or equal to j using sequences up to i. In The global search tries to find a path on a d-C-Lres by using a graph search method  , as shown in When the serial local search fails in finding a local path between adjacent sub-goals in a SgSeq as shown in an alternative SgSeq found by the global search during the 2nd trial. This involves redefining how labels are matched in the evaluation of an expression . 2 Furthermore  , the first 7 cases of maintained constraints A underline the need to also propose the delete strategy #S2 whenever a constraint is impacted  , and not always try to maintain the constraint. This issue is typically resolved by acknowledging these assessor differences and simply accepting the opinion of a single assessor. The prototype search interface allows the user to specify query terms such as product names  , and passes them to a search engine selected by the user. The increase in search space can also be seen in the size of the resulting lattice. However  , it is often a reasonable choice to transliterate certain OOV words  , especially the Named Entities NEs. When the developer requests a feature to be hidden  , CIDE just leaves a marker to indicate hidden code. While Broder treated search intents as relatively short-term activities 10  , Marchionini's classification included long-term search activities such as learn and investigate  , and he argued that exploratory searches were searches pertinent to the learn and investigate search activi- ties. The effect on CLIR queries was small  , as the Finnish queries did not have many phrases. Fortunately  , hashing has been widely shown as a promising approach to tackle fast similarity search 29. Given a query template that is c1assified by the Random Forest  , we can not only predict its probability to afford a successful grasp but also make predictions about latent variables based on the training examples at the corresponding leaf nodes. Furthermore  , Villa and Halvey 21 showed a relationship between mental effort and relevance levels of judged documents. This measure is then used for a search method similar to the hill climbing method. Typically  , previous research has found that interactive query expansion i.e. The five sorts are: Straight insertion  , Quicksort  , Heapsort  , List/Merge sort and Distribution Counting sort. Expansion terms from fully expanded queries are held back from the query to simulate the selective and partial expansion of query terms. An important condition for convergence is the learning rate. The main contribution of this paper is twofold: we combine previously known game theory strategies into ontology reasoning and present a measure to systematically evaluate the inconsistencies in ontologies. The similarity merge formula multiplies the sum of fusion component scores for a document by the number of fusion components that retrieved the document i.e. The model without training is accurate for sufficiently large values of T   , but it cannot be applied for short observations because the quality of parameter fitting deteriorates  , as we showed in Sec. To detect coalition attacks  , the commissioner has to search for publishers' sites with highly similar traffic. The gold-standard value of R for the TREC 2012 collection is the estimate produced using the entire set of runs submitted to the Medical Records track. Simulated anneahng has been used m a variety of apphcation areas to good effect Klrkpatrlck 83. The recursive evaluation to determine this value is: Figure 3shows the recursive cost function. This classifier is initialised with the initial clusters found in the first pair of frames and then incrementally updated there after. postulated for including effort in modeling interactive information search; for example  , using cost of search actions to explain some aspects of search behavior 1  , or using search effort to explain search task success 2. Query segmentation divides a query into semantically meaningful sub-units 17  , 18. As mentioned in section 2.4  , however  , because related parameters are not tuned for RL3 and RL4 in our runs  , results reported in this section may not indicate the optimized results for each method. Dellarocas 5 provides a working survey for research in game theory and economics on reputation. In this paper  , we present a Cross Term Retrieval model  , denoted as CRTER  , to model the associations among query terms in probabilistic retrieval models. The following experiments were run by connecting FX- PAL'S genetic programming system to a modular robot simulator  , built by J. Kubica and S. Vassilvitskii. Some insights from measurement theory in Mathematical Psychology were briefly covered to illustrate how inappropriate correspondence between symbol and referent can result in logically valid but meaningless inference. One key advantage of SJASM is that it can discover the underlying sentimental aspects which are predictive of the review helpfulness voting. The diameter function of the thin slice is shown in dotted lines along with its transfer function. Instead of inserting records into a B+-tree as they arrive  , they are organized in-memory into sorted runs. In the middle  , the solid line is the measured control signal v6  , and the dashed line the predicted controlled signal  , where the predicted signal is an output of the transfer function model when the control error e is given as an input. They were successfully used for color histogram similarity Fal+ 941 Haf+ 951 SK97  , 3-D shape similarity KSS 971 KS 981  , pixel-based similarity AKS 981  , and several other similarity models Sei 971. However  , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D still discriminates most other ranks we find this by limiting the set of query sessions  , which are used to compute the vector states sr  , to query sessions generated by queries of similar frequencies and having a particular set of clicks. The dramatic improvement over university INGRES is due to the use of a sort-merge algo- rithm. Using this AXdiand the transfer function matrix Gi which we design in previous section  , the i-th follower can estimate the desired trajectory of the i-th virtual leader. Our goal is to obtain a precise position controller with high bandwidth shown in Fig. The query optimization steps are described as transformation rules or rewriting rules 7. The re-ranking function is able to promote one question related to RAW files  , which is not included in the candidate question set retrieved by query likelihood model. We conduct a series of extrinsic experiments using the two soft pattern models on TREC definitional QA task test data. Foundational work such as 8  presents n-gram methods for supporting search over degraded texts. The acronym-expansion checking function returns true if e is an expansion of a  , and false otherwise. However  , query classification was not extensively applied to query dependent ranking  , probably due to the difficulty of the query classification problem. While generating the plans for the nested blocks we consider only those plans that require a parameter sort order no stronger than the one guaranteed by the outer block. However  , a plan that is optimal can still be chosen as a victim to be terminated and restarted  , 2 dynamic query re-optimization techniques do not typically constrain the number of intermediate results to save and reuse  , and 3 queries are typically reoptimized by invoking the query optimizer with updated information. Here  , the authors start from a bid proportional auction resource allocation model and propose an incomplete common information model where one bidder does not know how much the others would like to pay for the computing resource. 10 can expressed by In particular  , if sl is equal to one  , then this equation becomes the following transfer function: The transfer function of the model in eq. If we could store the results of following the path expression through a more direct path shown in Figure 2b  , the join could be eliminated: SELECT A.subj FROM predtable AS A  , WHERE A.author:wasBorn = ''1860'' Using a vertically partitioned schema  , this author:wasBorn path expression can be precalculated and the result stored in its own two column table as if it were a regular property. The E-step and M-step will be alternatively executed until the data likelihood function on the whole collection D converges. Table 4presents examples for queries of different length in each domain  , which illustrate the differences between the tested domains. Note that although the current version of NL-Graphs has been tested with DBpedia  , it can be easily configured to query other datasets. The probability that the two hash values match is the same as the Jaccard similarity of the two k-gram vectors . Since such expressions often have many variations  , we used regular expressions rather than exhaustive enumeration to extract them from the text. In this paper  , we propose to use the BMEcat XML standard as the starting point to make highly structured product feature data available on the Web of Data. Usage of correct translations shall help reveal the necessity of translation. The bottom line is that the DMP method is inappropriate as a load control method that can safely avoid DC thrashing in systems with complex  , temporally changing  , highly diverse  , or simply unpredictable workloads. Given a text query  , retrieval can be done with these probabilistic annotations in a language model based approach using query-likelihood ranking. Despite its relatively short history  , eXist has already been successfully used in a number of commercial and non-commercial projects. The transfer functions were identified using the MATLAB The simulator runs at 5Hz and writes the system output variables to the logger using its RTC interface. Further  , we will replace the exponential moving average with an more efficient stochastic gradient hill climbing strategy. This problem can also be solved by employing existing optimization techniques. Since the number of users and items are usually large  , the feature spaces used for computing similarity  , such as cosine and Pearson correlation   , become high dimensional  , and hence  , hubness occurs. An attribute condition is a triple specifying a required name  , a required value a string  , or in case the third parameter is regvar  , a regular expression possibly containing some variables indicated by \var  , and a special parameter exact  , substr or regvar  , indicating that the attribute value is exactly the required string  , is a superstring of it  , or matches the given regular expression  , respectively. Each peer performed a search every 1–2 minutes. Jeff Rothenberg together with CLIR 25  envision a framework of an ideal preservation surrounding for emulation. This is generated during mapping; as the robot moves into unvisited areas  , it drops nodes at regular intervals  , and when it moves between existing nodes it connects them. However  , due to the well recognized semantic gap problem 1  , the accuracy and the recall of image similarity search are often still low. We have so far introduced features of the matching rule language mainly through examples. The minimal quotient strategies are equivalent to the nondominated strategies used in multiobjective optimization and Pareto optimal strategies used in cooperative game theory. In this paper  , only triangular membership functions are coded for optimization. The technique is applied to a graph representation of the octree search space  , and it performs a global search through the graph. Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. If the moving direction keeps the same in the iterations  , the step increases faster than an exponential function and is given by iteration the search span at the moving direction  , a is the Fig. Similarly  , we redefine all accessors to record structures for records owned by the terminal as calls to protocol transfer functions which: The functions mentioned above all behave in the following way: some data function parameters or record instances to be accessed is passed to the opposite partition and then some task is performed by that partition on the data. Social interaction often involves stylized patterns of interaction 1. It is worth noting that although we have only used S- PLSA for the purpose of prediction in this work  , it is indeed a model general enough to be applied to other scenarios. Intuitively  , a dvd element is a regular-dvd discount-dvd when its parent label is regulars discounts; its content model is then determined by the regular expression title price title price discount. Since these SQL queries are derived from a single regular path expression  , they are likely to share many relational scans  , selections and joins. We found this approach useful for spotting working code examples. However  , on QALD-2  , whose queries are questions such as 'Who created Wikipedia'  , simple text similarity features are not as strong. We assume that  , when no measurement information is available  , the feature can be anywhere in the 3D space with equal probability i.e. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , overtraining is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. When the sort reaches the end of input or cannot acquire more buffer space  , it proceeds to the in-memory merge phase. The result obtained is presented in Table 4. We know that these query optimizations can greatly improve performance. Therefore  , the imputation method used in our experiment fits better for S&P500 data set. In addition  , we study a retrieval model which is trained by supervised signals to rank a set of documents for given queries in the pairwise preference learning framework. CH3COOH. In summary  , we have made the following contributions: i A new type of interaction options based on ontologies to enable scalable interactive query construction  , and a theoretical justification about the effectiveness of these options; ii A scheme to enable efficient generation of top-k structured queries and interaction options   , without the complete knowledge of the query interpretation space; iii An experimental study on Freebase to verify the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed approach; iv To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt to enable effective keyword-based query construction on such a large scale database as Freebase  , considering that most existing work on database keyword search uses only test sets of small schemas  , such as DBLP  , IMDB  , etc. These categories conform to TREC's general division of question topics into 4 main entity types 13 . For instance /a The translation function T takes three parameters: the location step of the XSQuirrel expression  , the current binding used by the FLWR expression and a list of predicates. It is possible to address automatically the domain specific terms of queries to the correct dictionaries  , because different domains have different terminologies. A best first search without backtracking should be effective if the pedestrian templates we take distribute averagely. This query is a variant of the query used earlier to measure the performance of a sequence scan. Our motivation for using AIC instead of the raw log-likelihood is evident from the different extrema that each function gives over the domain of candidate models. Figure 2shows the impulse expressed as a change in the wavelength of light reflected by an FBG cell and its fast Fourier transform FFT. The fitting with this extended model is considerably better Fig. Similar probabilistic model is also proposed in 24  , but this model focuses in parsing noun phrases thus not generally applicable to web queries. Hence the quantity In the next section  , a probabilistic membership function PMF on the workspace is developed which describes the likelihood of sensing the object at a given location. For example  , the user can provide an alternating template representing the regular expression ab *   , a program  , and an alphabet of possible assignments. This basic unit of objective information  , the bit  , was more formally related to thermodynamics by Szilard. These environments are dominated by issues of software construction. We create an embedding feature for each attribute using these word vectors as follows. For OP- TICS  , M inP ts is set to a fixed value so that density-based clusters of different densities are characterized by different values for . The projective contour points of the 3-D CAD forceps in relation to the pose and gripper states were stored in a database. In addition  , a random forest is very fast both in the training and making predictions  , thus making it ideal for a large scale problem such as name disambiguation. We then perform a hill-climbing search in the hierarchy graph starting from that pair. Their approach relies on a freezing technique  , i.e. Of special relevance to the fulfillment of the Semantic Web vision is automating KA from text and image resources. Many participants did some form of query expansion  , particularly by extracting terms from previously known relevant documents in the routing task. Although the most popular is still undoubtedly the vector space model proposed by Salton 19   , many new or complementary alternatives have been proposed  , such as the Probabilistic Model 16. The results show that the performance of the expansion on tie-breaking could improve the performance. It is well known that for collocated measurements  , the transfer function is passive and hence it is easy to stablilise the system 4. In order to effectively analyze characteristics of different roles and make use of both of user roles to improve the performance of question recommendation  , we propose a Dual Role Model DRM based on PLSA to model the user in CQA precisely. The reflected output is the rigid joint position minus the elastic deflection of the tip of the flexible link32. Very few terms were added through the interactive query expansion facility. Our official submission  , however  , was based on the reduced document model in which text between certain tags was indexed. The query types and expansion term categories are as follow. NL interfaces are attractive for their ease-of-use  , and definetely have a role to play  , but they suffer from a weak adequacy: habitability spontaneous NL expressions often have no FL counterpart or are ambiguous  , expressivity only a small FL fragment is covered in general. Ribeiro also outlines a framework for fitting these parameters given a window of time series activity levels  , and then uses them to extrapolate and make a long term prediction of future activity levels. To compute the cost of a plan  , we built a simple query optimizer T&O based on predicate placement CS96  -our optimizer considered only sort-merge and hash-partitioned joins. A statistical approach is proposed to infer the distribution of a word's likely acquisition age automatically from authentic texts collected from the Web  , and then an effective semantic component for predicting reading difficulty of news texts is provided by combining the acquisition age distributions for all words in a document 14. In this paper  , we present an Exa-Q architecture which learns models and makes plans using the learned models to help a learning agent explore an environment actively  , avoids the learning agent falling into a local optimal policy  , and further  , accelerates the learning rate for deriving the optimal policy. Can we quantitatively prove that NetPLSA extracts better communities than PLSA ? Although our experimental setting is a binary classification  , the desired capability from learning the function f b  , k by a GBtree is to compute the likelihood of funding  , which allows us to rank the most appropriate backer for a particular project. The system takes a new  , untagged post  , finds other blog posts similar to it  , which have already been tagged  , aggregates those tags and recommends a subset of them to the end user. Then  , we will investigate on optimization by using in-memory storage for the hash tables  , in order to decrease the query runtimes. With our game-based HIT  , we aimed to exploit this observation in order to create greater task focus than workers typically achieve on conventional HIT types. Figure 4summarizes the query performance for 4 queries of the LUBM. Their results further showed the importance of choosing an appropriate k value when using such a technique. The following regular expression describes all possibilities: By continuing in this manner  , an arbitrarily long connection can be sustained. In each round a random successor of the current solution is looked at. Christensen  , Møller and Schwartzbach developed a string analyzer for Java  , which approximates the value of a string expression with a regular language 7. Based on the model  , a semantic search service is implemented and evaluated. In the following  , we will describe a generic approach to learning all these probabilities following the same way. The transfer function of dynamic model is obtained as shown in equation 6. Predictability " is approximated by the predictive power of a support vector machine. The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. 6 for large datasets is to use mini-batch stochastic gradient descent. Query expansion was both automatic the top 6 expansion terms were automatically added to the query when the user requested more documents  , and interactive. Variable δ ctxt is the context of review r as defined for polarity  , and we use the same transfer function from Equation 5 to connect δ ctxt to the rank-based measures of global and local context. Both of these models estimate the probability of relevance of each document to the query. Full-text search engines typically use Cosine Similarity to measure the matching degree of the query vector ¯ q with document vectors ¯ The basic idea underlying our approach is to associate a textual representation to each metric object of the database so that the inverted index produced by Lucene looks like the one presented above and that its built-in similarity function behaves like the Spearman Similarity rank correlation used to compare ordered lists. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski  , Oula Heikkinen  , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. As yet no good heuristics for selecting query terms as candidates for expansion have been designed. The hierarchy is determined by the group identifier of the catalog structure that refers to the identifier of its parent group. Another cause for materialization is backward navigation that cannot be transformed into forward navigation. The VLBG creates a graph where each node corresponds to a state that the vehicle may visit. The basic formulae are a straightforward generalization of Darwish's PSQ technique with one important difference: no translation direction is specified. We used the UNIX sort utility in the implementation of the sort merge outerjoin. Section 2 introduces Pearson Rank ρ r   , our novel correlation coefficient  , and shows that it has several desirable properties. We also embedded the collision detection method within a search routine to generate collision-free paths. Thus  , providing optimal support for h ,ash-based delta access requires the ability to dynamically partition the buffer pool belween these two tasks. The researchers have replicated a well-known pen-and-paper experiment online: that experiment was run in 1972 by Milgram. Along these lines it is beneficial to reuse available grouping properties  , usually for hash-based operators. To evaluate relevance of retrieved opinion sentences in the situation where humanlabeled judgments are not available  , we measured the proximity between the retrieved text and the actual reviews of a query product. The Theil uncertainty coefficient measures the entropy decrease rate of the consequent due to the antecedent . By default  , summaries of all top 30 documents were used for expansion unless the user manually deselected some this was precisely the only form of manual intervention allowed. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces  , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. The imitation game balances the perceived challenges with the perceived skills of the child and proves to be challenging for the children. The difference to other engines is mainly in the search result representation . Figure 4shows the interpolated precision scores obtained with the probabilistic annotation and direct retrieval model. It was able to orient our test images with modest accuracy  , but its performance was insufficient to break the captcha. Bitonic sort makes use of successive bitonic merges to fully sort a given list of items. After that  , general automated program repair has gone from being entirely unheard of to having its own multi-paper sessions  , such as " Program Repair " session in ICSE 2013  , in many top tier conferences 20  , and many researchers justify the advantage of their techniques  , such as Par and SemFix  , via the comparison with GenProg. We also consider its stochastic counterpart SGBDT  , by fitting trees considering a random subset of training data thus reducing the variance of the final model. The agent builds the Q-learning model by alternating exploration and exploitation activities. For reference comparison  , we report the performance of using the measures to directly predict the quality of the initial QL-based ranking  , as originally proposed. These approaches build maps of an unknown space by selecting longterm goal points for each robot Other approaches focus more mapping I81 19. We simulate exploratory navigation by performing decentralized search using a greedy search strategy on the search pairs. Effective query expansion might depend on the topics of the queries as observed in Table 4. Please note in all of the experiments  , PAMM-NTN was configured to direct optimize the evaluation measure of α-NDCG@20. Space is otherwise completely automatic: it analyzes the target application's source code and returns a list of bugs. If there is a significant influence effect then we expect the attribute values in t + 1 will depend on the link structure in t. On the other hand  , if there is a significant homophily effect then we expect the link structure in t + 1 will depend on the attributes in t. If either influence or homophily effects are present in the data  , the data will exhibit relational autocorrelation at any given time step t. Relational autocorrelation refers to a statistical dependency between values of the same variable on related objects—it involves a set of related instance pairs  , a variable X defined on the nodes in the pairs  , and it corresponds to the correlation between the values of X on pairs of related instances. where αi and α k are Lagrange multipliers of the constraints with respect to pnvj |z k   , we need to consider the original PLSA likelihood function and the user guidance term. Using volume visualization techniques  , 2–dimensional projections on different planes can then be displayed. N and R denote the number of judged nonrelevant and relevant documents. Clearly  , this constraint reduces the size of our search space. Even if this point of view is not original  , neither for IR 1 nor for CLIR Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. For the example question  , a search was done using a typical similarity measure and the bag of content words of the question. For the other two approaches  , we use the same query expansion and document expansion techniques. Tuples are anonymous  , thus their removal takes place through pattern matching on the tuple contents. Surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems. A specific form of the ho­ mography is derived and decomposed to interpolate a unique path. In the right-hand side expression of an assignment  , every identifier must either be a relation variable and have been previously assigned a relation  , or it must be a string variable and have been previously assigned a string  , or it must be an attribute that is quantified or occurs free. GP is expansion of GA in order to treat structural representation. The Pearson correlation comparison for k values between C4.5 and SV M is 0.46  , showing moderate correlation ; however  , r values are weakly negatively correlated at -0.35. Eqn.8 provides continuity from this self-learn value as well as allowing for a varying degree of influence from the selfrelevant on the whole relevant set  , controlled by the learning rate 'rIQ and the number of iterations VQ. Therefore  , the triple pattern matching operator must be placed in a plan before any of the following operators. We assess our techniques using query logs from a production cluster of a commercial search engine  , a commercial advertisement engine  , as well as using synthetic workloads derived from well-known distributions. There is a great subclass of timed Petri nets  , called timed event graphs  , which can be formalised in the max algebra in the form of the state equation. The expected disc space consumption for a buffered hashing organization BHash for WORM optical d.iscs is analyzed in 191. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: Section 2 reviews the existing stateof-the-art technology in limp material handling. a feature that is supported by all major regular expression implementations and a posteriori checking for empty groups can be used to identify where i.e. Our work falls in the class of sequential indexing. Therefore  , such methods are not appropriate to be applied on feature sets generated from LOD. multi Searcher deals with several CLIR issues. 19 apply several local search techniques for the retrieval of sub-optimal solutions. In this example  , we will show two different approaches to find the transfer function matrix. This is a very important issue since if the rules were applied in an unordered and exhaustive manner there would be the problem of exponential explosion of the search space. 58.6% online stage -with a mean of 16 presearch elicitation per search  , a mean of 23 or-dine elicitation per search  , and a mean of 39 total elicitation per search. A quick scan of the thumbnails locates an answer: 4 musicians shown  , which the user could confirm took place in Singapore by showing and playing the story. In the first step we exclude from consideration query plans with nested-loop join operators  , while allowing every other operator including sort-merge and hash joins. The testing procedures for correlated rs and partial rs are discussed in Hotelling 1940 and The Pearson product moment correlation was used to measure the relations among the SRDs  , since they are all measured continuously. Thus there could be an improvement not only in the dynamics of the structure  , but in the construction by utilizing these composite materials. For the QALD experiments described later  , we annotated the query using DBpedia Spotlight 7. The signature can be extended using function symbols  , to yield the full power of Prolog specifications. In this paper  , the use of Q-learning as a role-switching mechanism in a foraging task is studied. The similarity is measured by by mutual information between an entry candidate ei and all concepts C for query q: We hence disambiguate Wiki entries by measuring the similarity between the entires and the topics mentioned in the search queries. It can reduce translation error by 45% over automatic translation bringing CLIR performance up from 42% to 68% of monolingual performance. The model can be formulated as In contrast to ARSA  , where we use a multi-dimensional probability vector produced by S-PLSA to represent bloggers' sentiments  , this model uses a scalar number of blog mentions to indicate the degree of popularity. Average precision values are given in table 7. Although  , the challenge of translating from natural language to a game theory format is beyond the scope on this article  , random errors were added to the instructions in an effort to roughly simulate the errors that would occur during translation. Another objective of this research is to discover whether reducing the imbalance in the training data would improve the predictive performance for the 8 modeling methods we have evaluated. The stacked autoencoder as our deep learning architecture result in a accuracy of 0.91. The final ranking is performed using the same learning-to-rank method as the baseline Aqqu system 3  , which uses the Random Forest model. Therefore  , when the likelihood of a region x in a test image is computed  , concepts whose pdf's were estimated from " similar looking " vectors rt will have high a posteriori probability 6. image regions rt from all images labeled with c contribute to the estimate of the probability density function pdf f x|c. The value that results in the best performance is shown in the graphs for DBSCAN. In the sequel  , we discuss indexing the reduced PLA data to speed up the retrieval efficiency of the similarity search. This narrows down the search space of potential objects on the image significantly. Type-2 terms are non-type-0 terms in the original query. Hence  , we cast the problem of learning a distance metric D between a node and a label as that of learning a distance metric D that would make try to ensure that pairs of nodes in the same segment are closer to each other than pairs of nodes across segments. We use a method  , which is based on binary morphological operation  , to recognize the micro tube. the minimum number of operations needed to transform a document to the query and vice-versa. Now  , we can calculate the speed-up factor of IncrementalDBSCAN versus DBSCAN. DBSCAN successfully identifies different types of patterns of user-system interaction that can be interpreted in light of how users interact with WorldCat. In particular  , we measure the similarity between two categories Cai and Car as the length of their longest common prefix P Cai  , Car divided by the length of the longest path between Cai and Car. One drawback of these types of systems especially for portable devices is that they require large screen real estate and significant visual attention from the user. a t the front and t ,he rear of controlled system P and tlherehy shape the open loop frequency transfer function. To the best of knowledge  , this paper represents one of the first efforts towards this target in the information retrieval research community. This results in a transfer function which is minimum phase with zeros on the imaginary axis. It is possible t o parametrize all the compensators that stabilize the plant P using the following theorem. Given their small size  , we were forced to use a relatively simple model with a small number of features to avoid over-fitting. In addition  , the usual problems attached to concurrent executions  , like race conditions and deadlocks  , are raised. This model can represent insertion  , deletion and framing errors as well as substitution errors. Thus at the end of initialization  , each tp-node has a BitMat associated with it which contains only the triples matching that triple pattern. The cumulative discounted reward is the sum of rewards that a robot expects to receive after entering into a particular state. First  , we see that both pLSA and LapPLSA with different resources  can outperform the baseline. Therefore  , we can utilize convex optimization techniques to find approximate solutions. The basic assumption of our proposed Joint Relevance Freshness Learning JRFL model is that a user's overall impression assessment by combining relevance and freshness for the clicked URLs should be higher than the non-clicked ones  , and such a combination is specific to the issued query. As shown  , topic-based metrics have correlation with the number of bugs at different levels. A maximal box around the nominal p 0 is obtained by increasing . Query optimization in general is still a big problem. Vectors with three components are completed with zero values. On the other hand  , the participant with a losing hand would try to bet in a way that the other players would assume otherwise and raise the bet taking high risks. ScholarLynk searches Bing  , Google Scholar  , DRIVER  , and CiteULike in parallel  , showing the results grouped by the search providers in a browser window. The domain specification is a regular expression whose atoms are ADTs in the library or ADT instantiation parameters of the ADT being defined. One aspect of our work extends CPPL to include match statements that perform pattern matching. In this section  , we assess the effect of increasing the number of expansion concepts. Alternatively  , we also propose a method that optimizes the naive search when the feature descriptors are normalized. Our first probabilistic model captures the retrieval criterion that a document is relevant if any passage of the document is relevant and models individual passages independently. To copy otherwise  , or republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. Soergel describes a general framework for the use of multilingual thesauri in CLIR 27   , noting that a number of operational European systems employ multilingual thesauri such as UDC and LCSH for indexing and searching. Given ℐ −   , instead of exhaustively considering all possible element subsets of ℐ −   , we apply a hill-climbing method to search for a local optimum  , starting from a random -facet interface ℐ . In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios  , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought l  , 9  , lo . This is the property we desire in order to make the actuator very insensitive to position inputs. The *SENTENCE* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single sentence. We extract the search result pages belong to Yelp 2   , TripAdvisor 3 and OpenTable 4 from the first 50 results. Consequently  , we believe that any practical IE optimizer must optimize pattern matching. Experience has shown that several factors make it hard to obtain statistically significant results in CLIR evaluations . In both systems  , color-based and texturebased image similarity search were available by dragging and dropping a thumbnail to use as the key for an image-based search. Table 4displays these results. In both works  , the results demonstrated that the idea of using domain specific resources for CLIR is promising. After the search sessions were identified  , each session was classified as a re-finding session  , exploratory search session or single query session. It was pointed out by Dijkstra that the structural complexity of a large software system is greater than that of any other system constructed by man 3  , and that man's ability to handle complexity is severely limited DI ,D2. 1997 found that their corpus-based CLIR queries performed almost as well as the monolingual baseline queries. This study has also been motivated by recent results on flexible buffer allocation NFSSl  , FNSSl. The language allows grouping of query conditions that refer to the same entity. We believe it should be reasonably easy to integrate our techniques into an existing database system. 8is to recognize a parameter by pattern matching. The construction of the configuration space  , the control space  , the mapping between them and the haptic forces makes it possible to author and edit animations by manipulating trajectories in the control space. Moreover  , we show that each regular XPATH expression can be rewritten to a sequence of equivalent SQL queries with the LFP operator. Having a sort order of the parameters across calls that matches the sort order of the inner query gives an effect similar to merge join. The NDCG results from the user dependent rating imputation method are shown in Table 2. To reduce noise in the data we exclude pairs with identical names and discard overly long sentences and patterns. Clearly  , the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method using our weighting scheme referred as 'PCC+' outperforms the other three methods in all configurations. Figure 6shows the Nyquist plot of the three different rotary joint plant models representing the nominal plant described by the transfer function of Eq. The optimization problem becomes even more interesting in the light of interactive querying sessions 2  , which should be quite common when working with inductive databases. This is done by interpreting the regular expression as an expression over an algebra of functions. We then rank the documents in the L2 collection using the query likelihood ranking function 14. According to the Jordan Curve Theorem  , any closed curve homeomorphic t o a circle drawn around and in the vicinity of a given point on an orientable surface divides the surface into two separate domains for which the curve is their common boundaryll. Furthermore we assume that the Pearson correlation between the different measurement dimensions y i and y j is equal to ρ for all i  , j. Table 1presents Pearson correlation coefficients that examined time taken to complete each search actual and estimated by subjects  , recall actual and estimated by subjects and number of documents saved. A solution is in Nash equilibrium if each player has chosen a strategy that is the best response to the strategies of all other players. Two well known probabilistic approaches to retrieval are the Robertson and Sparck Jones model 14 and the Croft and Harper model 3 . It has been suggested that CLIR can potentially utilize the multiple useful translations in a bilingual lexicon to improve retrieval performance Klavans and Hovy  , 1999. First there is the transfer function representing the dynamics of the master arms Y ,. We suggested why classical models with their explicit notion of relevance may potentially be more attractive than models that limit queries to being a sample of text. The baseline approach builds a non-clustered index on each selection dimension and the rank mapping approach builds a multi-dimensional index for each ranking fragment. for the distribution of visual features given the semantic class. After explicit feature mapping 18  , the cosine similarity is used as the relevance score. Large sorts were typically caused by sort-merge joins or groupby. T o obtain a successor node during hill climbing mode  , the following steps are taken. Utility views are available as appropriate at all three levels of pages: domain  , vocabulary  , and book. The transmitted impedance felt by the operator  , see with the difference between Zt and 2  , being interpreted as a measure of transparency. To this end  , we are interested in hashing users and items into binary codes for efficient recommendation since the useritem similarity search can be efficiently conducted in Hamming space. DBSCAN must set Eps large enough to detect some clusters. The above expression is a simplified form of query expansion with a single term. Specifically  , the predictive models can help in three different ways. To validate the effectiveness of the proposed JRFL model in real news search tasks  , we quantitatively compare it with all our baseline methods on: random bucket clicks  , normal clicks  , and editorial judgments. Scenario. Our approach is simple yet effective and powerful  , and as discussed later in Section 6  , it also opens up several aspects of improvements and future work aligned with the concept of facilitating user's search without the aid of query logs. Other ongoing research aimed at applying PCRs to ligand-protein binding and protein folding is reported in BSAOO  , SAOU. The tracking of features will be described in Section 3.1. Each disk drive has an embedded SCSI controller which provides a 45K byte RAM buffer that acts as a disk cache on read operations.  Query term distribution and term dependence are two similar features that rely on the difference of the query term distributions between the the homepage collection and the content-page collection. There are two main problems in synopsis construction scenarios. In the following  , we give some formulas in order to perform pattern matching between expressions and patterns. Bottom-up tree pattern matching has been extensively studied in the area of classic tree pattern matching 12. Second  , it is interesting to note that  , at least in theory  , for a document set D and a similarity threshold θ a perfect space partitioning for hash-based search can be stated. A vector model solely based on word similarities will fail to find the high relevance between the above two context vectors  , while our context distance model does capture such relatedness. Finally  , we propose a novel selective query expansion mechanism which helps in deciding whether to apply query expansion for a given query. Research on disambiguating senses of the translated queries and distributing the weighting for each translation candidate in a vector space model or a probabilistic retrieval model 3 will be the primary focus in the second phase of the MUST project.  The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. Our goal is to design a good indexing method for similarity search of large-scale datasets that can achieve high search quality with high time and space efficiency. When a user enters a freetext query string  , the corpus of webpages is ranked using an IR approach and then the mapping from webpages back to songs is used to retrieve relevant songs. It appears that the facets were heavily used during searching in both versions of the search interface. We download the unique web pages of deleted questions in our experimental dataset and employ a regular expression to extract this information. Since our method has only 3 parameters  , we calculated their optimal setting with a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search method. It runs alongside the search engine. These solutions  , and others  , such as considering CLIR as spell- correction 2  , will all work reasonably well if the two languages in question are linguistically historically related and possess many cognates. Search sessions ended after a period of user inactivity exceeding 30 minutes. F ocus is an ambiguous search term on YouTube and does not commonly relate to the artist Focus. We also use the following recursive function to construct the unit type for a variable x based on its C type τ when no appropriate annotations for x are provided: The unit environment is constructed during constraint generation. The robot learns the mapping and catego-rizations entirely within its sensorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a przorz internal representations. Ranked query evaluation is based on the notion of a similarity heuristic  , a function that combines observed statistical properties of a document in the context of a collection and a query  , and computes a numeric score indicating the likelihood that the document is an answer to the query. Later  , we generalized this idea to map the strings to their local frequencies for different resolutions by using a wavelet transform. The 15 ms page I/O time setting assumes RCquential I/O without prefetching or disk buffering t.g. For example  , for the paper folding problems  , one is interested in a path which makes a minimal number of folds  , and for the protein folding we are interested in low energy paths. Such a search-driven approach achieves extensibility by exploring evaluators rather than static pairwise rules. We can do model selection and combination—technical details are in Appendix C. This can be performed using only data gathered online and time complexity is independent of the stream size. However  , they become computationally expensive for large manufacturing lines i.e. Each query was executed in three ways: i using a relational database to store the Web graph  , ii using the S-Node representation but without optimization  , and iii using S- Node with cluster-based optimization. This is followed by a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT across the segments for a selected set of frequency spectra to obtain Fourier coefficients modeling the dynamics. Shannon entropy in the past has been successfully used as a regularizing principle in optical image reconstruction problems. In short  , while these approaches focus on the mining of various entities for different social media search applications  , the interaction among entities is not exploited. To answer this question  , we calculate the Shannon Entropy of each user from the distribution of categories across their sessions. We here design an observer to estimate higher-order derivatives of the actual object position X   , . The emergence of the web as the world's dominant information environment has created a surge of interest in search  , and consequently important advances in search technology. For pointwise  , random forest is utilized to classify the candidate pairs in the new result. In the next section  , we address these concerns by taking a more principled approach to set-based information retrieval via maximum a posteriori probabilistic inference in a latent variable graphical model of marginal relevance PLMMR. This generic representation is a list of regular expressions  , where each regular expression represents the links occurring in a page the crawler has to follow to reach the target pages. The correlation component Figure 2  calculates the Spearman's rank correlation for the three similarity datasets  , twelve different languages and three similarity measures Cosine  , Euclidean distance  , Correlation 8 . The technique proposed assumes the parameter space to be discrete and runs the randomized query optimizer for each point in the parameter space. The difficulty in any controller design is proper modeling of the plant to be controlled. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate passages and a list of named entities are extracted as answer candidate. 19  Israel is deploying stationary robotic gun-sensor platforms along its borders with Gaza in automated kill zones  , equipped with fifty caliber machine guns and armored folding shields. Results are presented and discussed in Section 4. The hidden aspect factors in PLSA models are statistically identified from data while the aspects of Genomics Track topics are assigned by the judges but not results of statistical analyses. Analytically  , this probability is identical to the likelihood of the test set  , but instead of maximizing it with respect to the parameters  , the latter are held fixed at the values that maximize the likelihood on the training set. Pattern matching with variable 'don't care' symbols can now be easily performed  , if the input signals set the D flip-flop values throughout the duration of pattern matching. To reduce the computational cost  , pruning using problem specific constraints is necessary. LSP is composed of lexical entries  , POS tag  , semantic category and their sequence  , and is expressed in regular expression. For any regular expression  , we allow concatenation AND and plus OR to be commutative and define a commuted regular expression of regular expression e to be any regular expression that can be derived from e by a sequence of zero or more commutative operations. Match Generation: There are two ways of doing matching: 1 Regular-expression-based matching: Generate a regular expression from the vulnerability signature automaton and then use the PHP function preg_match to check if the input matches the generated regular expression  , or 2 Automata-simulation-based matching: Generate code that  , given an input string  , simulates the vulnerability signature automaton to determine if the input string is accepted by the vulnerability signature automaton  , i.e. The main contribution of this paper is devising a method for predicting whether expansion using noun phrases will improve the retrieval effectiveness of a query. To increase the chance of forming a good solution we repeat the random walk or trial a number of times  , each time beginning with a random initial feasible solution. While in global search whole time series are compared  , partial search identifies similar subsequences. Different mechanisms exist  , of which ASML uses the explicit control-flow transfer variant: if a root error is encountered  , the error variable is assigned a constant see lines 6 − 9  , the function logs the error  , stops executing its normal behaviour  , and notifies its caller of the error. Although we have framed the issue in terms of a game  , pure game theory makes no predictions about such a case  , in which there are two identical Nash equilibriums. In these studies  , the problem of matching ads with pages is transformed into a similarity search in a vector space. During evaluation of this expression  , the descriptor person would only match a label person on an edge. In other words  , given the rank order produced through the use of one translation  , what would be the effect of treating the other word as part of the same cluster ? First  , the current best partial solution is expanded its successors are added to the search graph by picking an unexpanded search state within the current policy. As ohservcd in the mcasuremcnts at S ,  , the sort-merge methods require more disk accesses than the nested loops methods due IO sorting. Moreover  , trajectories over S give meaning to the actions in the discrete specification. Levow and Oard  , 1999 studied the impact of lexicon coverage on CLIR performance. At query time  , the CLIR system may perform the construction of three types of queries  , starting from the ones formulated by users  , based on the system configuration: 1. Such a path is expected to provide the best opportunity for the machine to place its feet while moving with a certain gait over a rough terrain. In our experiment  , we measured the association between two measured quantities remembering scores and the proposed catalyst features  , i.e. First artificial space-variant sensors are described in 22. Figure 11shows another mapping. The argument to the PATH-IS function is a regular expression made up from operation names. Query optimization is carried out on an algebraic  , query-language level rather than  , say  , on some form of derived automata. The learned function f maps each text-image pair to a ranking score based on their semantic relevance. Since Pearson correlation is the evaluation metric for prediction quality  , there should be as many queries as possible in both the train and test sets. Furthermore  , multilanguage descriptions in BMEcat are handled properly  , namely by assigning corresponding language tags to RDF literals. With RL D-k it is not necessary to adjust the transition time such as in Q-learning to get an optimal behaviour of the vehicle. It is a probabilistic model that considers documents as binary vectors and ranks them in order of their probability of relevance given a query according to the Probability Ranking Principle 2. Also  , in PLSA it is assumed that all attributes motifs belonging to a component might not appear in the same observation upstream region. The results show that this new " translation " method is more effective than the traditional query translation method. Yet  , selecting data which most likely results in zero loss  , thus zero gradients  , simply slows down the optimization convergence. Calculating the average per-word held-out likelihood   , predictive perplexity measures how the model fits with new documents; lower predictive perplexity means better fit. Although equation 3 represents a transfer function for the extender position  , the extender is still under velocity control. Note that we used a similar approach for Gnutella and Kazaa which both use the HTTP protocol for their data transfer. these expansion terms for each selected query term  , the diagnostic expansion system forms an expansion query and does retrieval. If additional speed is required from the graph search it may be possible to use a best first approach or time limit the search. Then  , a regular expression is used to extract all abbreviations from the articles. The test document collection is more than one hundred thousand electronic medical reports. Separate title  , subject  , and author search interfaces or advanced syntax may be provided to limit search to such bibliographic fields  , and is often utilized by the expert user whom desires fine-grained control of their search 2. For query optimization  , a translation from UnQL to UnCAL is defined BDHS96  , which provides a formal basis for deriving optimization rewrite rules such as pushing selections down. There are several main differences between string matching and the discovery of FA patterns. A more direct indicator of user interest is search terms entered into search engines or the search fields of other websites . In this paper  , we investigate several approaches to translate an IR query into a different language. we continued to extend the optimization procedure  , including a version of simulated annealing. Figure 15shows the frequency response of the transfer function. SPL-programs for example are found in the libraries XSPL and SPL. A classification tree is easier to understand for at least two reasons. Random search techniques  , on the other hand  , are probabilistically complete but may take a long time to find a solution 12 . Research on query optimization for SPARQL includes query rewriting 9 or basic reordering of triple patterns based on their selectivity 10. Transfer of control from a menu to a function is specified by evaluation of a mapping whose evaluation represents execution of the function and whose value represents the state in which the system returns to the menu. This modified combine node uses the individual index scans on fragments to get sorted runs that are merged together to sort the entire relation. This approach is similar in nature t o model-predictive-control MPC. Such queries often consist of query-by-example or query-by-sketch 14. This increased our discovery rate by almost an order of magnitude. In this section we describe experimental evaluation of the proposed approach  , which we refer to as hierarchical document vector HDV model. Incorporating this additional semantic fact could have helped to improve the relevance of retrieved results. The robustness of the approach is also studied empirically in this paper. It is difficult to apply the usual Q-learning to the real robot that has many redundant degrees of freedom and large action-state space. We therefore evaluate the temporal correlation and the two derivative models by comparing 1 the quality of the summaries generated from these models and 2 their utility towards finding additional tweets from the tweet sample that are related to the event and yet do not contain the keywords from the original queries. These 690 requests were targeting 30 of our 541 monitored shells  , showing that not all homephoning shells will eventually be accessed by attackers. A formal model: More specifically  , let the distribution associated with node w be Θw. Later in 2  , polynomial semantic indexing PSI is performed by learning two low-rank mapping matrices in a learning to rank framework  , and then a polynomial model is considered to measure the relevance between query and document. An resolution strategy is the policy for evolution with respect to the his/her requirements. Moreover  , IMRank always works well with simple heuristic rankings  , such as degree  , strength. To avoid such an overhead  , each time a pattern is converted from an expression  , the expression's instruction is added to the re-evaluation rules that include the new pattern. If we join all subsystems in accordance with the position based dynamic look and move structures we obtain the system's block diagram. We then ran the test concretely with each segment as the input file and compared its result with the result of the known correct version of grep on the same segment and the same regular expression. BMEcat and OAGIS to the minimum models of cXML and RosettaNet is not possible. That means watermarking object should have the largest number of 16xl6 macro blocks. Tracking by camera pan requires mapping pixel positions in the image space to target bearing angles in the task space. For example  , we can divide the range of values of JaroWinklerDistance into three bins  , and call them high  , medium and low match. After we sort the succeeding samples at each node in the tree  , the last several branches are likely to be pruned by strategy 3 because they contain only those samples that have the least increase in coverage. After training the random forest c1assifier as above  , there is a minimum number of training data points at each leaf node. In a related result  , Croft 1980 showed that a certain type of cluster search can be more effective than a conventional search when the user wants high-precision results. The strategy of the pattern-matching can be ruled by an action planner able to dynamically define partial goals to reach. None of these methods work in conjunction with direct transfer of Q-values for the same two reasons: First  , if the learning rate is too high  , correct in­ formation is overwritten as new Q-values are up­ dated. Our approach is based on the successful probabilistic roadmap PRM motion planning method 17. This will build a mapping of the sensory-motor space to reach this goal. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. It does have an analogy to the generalized likelihood ratio test Z  when the error function is the log-likelihood function. Before planning the vision-based motion  , the set of image features must be chosen. 7 we evaluate our initial implementation on the QALD-4 benchmark and conclude in Sect. The system uses PLSA to extract K subtopic candidates from the unstructured data 7. Missing components or sequences in a model compared to an otherwise matching pattern are classed as " incomplete " . This ensures that there is no simple pattern  , such as the query always precisely matching the title of the page in question. In addition  , MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 11  , item taxonomy 9 and attributes 1  , social relations 8  , and 3-way interactions 21. For most locations that correspond to instances of simple types  , the constraints associated with a location can be represented as a regular expression most facets in XML Schema can be represented in this manner. For example  , AltaVista provide a content-based site search engine 1; Berkeley's Cha-Cha search engine organizes the search results into some categories to reflect the underlying intranet structure 9; and the navigation system by M. Levence et al. Therefore  , it is important to locate interesting and meaningful relations and to rank them before presenting them to the user. But theories of evolutionary learning or individual learning do. This work provides an integrated view of qualitatively effective similarity search and performance efficient indexing in text; an issue which has not been addressed before in this domain. The number of product models in the BSH was 1376 with an average count of 29 properties  ,  while the Weidmüller BMEcat consisted of 32585 product models with 47 properties on average created by our converter. When the hand system grasps the peg for the compliance center 0 1 of Figure 4   , this is identical to combine the two cases of Figures 2If the compliance center is moved to the point 0 2   , the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y1 in 6 changes into negative  , and the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y2 in 11 changes into negative . In order to develop such supervisors we will construct a recursive function supervisor parameterized by functions next E NEXT. 15  proposes a multi-Criteria-based active learning for the problem of named entity recognition using Support Vector Machine. In 8  , it is shown that the Fast Fourier Transform can be used to efficiently obtain a C-space representation from the static obs1 ,acles and robot geornetry. For the named page queries  , besides linguistic expansion from stemming in the IS ABOUT predicate  , we did not do any query expansion. Property 3 shows that the R M R N   , possesses an elegant recursive property with regard to its structure in a manner similar to the n-cube. We use it as a baseline to compare the usefulness of the pre-search context and user search history. On the other hand  , if we compare the probabilistic translation models with other translations means in particular  , with MT systems  , their performances are very close Nie99. To verify that the sentiment information captured by the S-PLSA model plays an important role in box office revenue prediction  , we compare ARSA with two alternative methods which do not take sentiment information into consideration. We call such allowable plans MHJ plans. Extension of the simulated annealing technique include the mean field annealing 13 and the tree annealing 1141. Furthermore  , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. At the end of this phase  , the logical database subset has been produced. Obviously there is a lot of overhead in carrying around intermediate XML fragments. This indicates that the chosen features were able to accurately predict the AP for the expanded and unexpanded lists of each query. Their correct translation therefore is crucial for good performance of machine translation MT and cross-language information retrieval CLIR systems. Therefore in the University of Tampere we have adopted the dictionary-based method for our CLIR studies. Davis and Dunning 1996 and Davis 1997 also found that the performance of MRD-based CLIR queries was much poorer than that of monolingual queries. Our method was more successful with longer queries containing more diverse search terms. More concretely  , our contributions are:  We propose a mechanism for expiring cache entries based on a time-to-live value and a mechanism for maintaining the cache content fresh by issuing refresh queries to back-end search clusters  , depending on availability of idle cycles in those clusters. We iterate over the following two steps: 1 The E-Step: define an auxiliary function Q that calculates the expected log likelihood of the complete data given the last estimate of our model  , ˆ θ: In the next section we will provide an example of how the approach can be implemented. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. To solve the former  , they use a simple regular expression matching strategy  , which does not scale. Our expansion procedure works by first submitting the topic title to answer.com  , and then using the result page for query expansion. In the recent fourth installment of QALD  , hybrid questions on structured and unstructured data became a part of the benchmark. We are focusing on driving frequencies significantly less than the servo valve bandwidth. This indicates that a significant portion of the queries in these categories is often ranked similarly by frequency. Emulation requires sufficient knowledge from the user about the computer environment and dependencies of components. sort-merge for implementing the join instead of always using tuple substitution. Search stops when the optimization cost in last step dominates the improvement in query execution cost. Unrestricted templates are extremely powerful  , but there is a direct relationship between a template's power and its ability to entangle model and view. Biological swarm members often exhibit behavioral matching based on the localized group's pattern  , such that behaviors are synchronized 4. To build a machine learning based quality predictor  , we need training samples. A significant percentage of the search engines return result pages with multiple dynamic sections. In that work  , a deformable template method is used to optimize a likelihood function based on the proposed model. Figure 8 shows some recognition results of five different calligraphic styles using our LSH-based method. Following the good results obtained by several groups using Web expansion in previous years  , we upgraded our system to benefit Web expansion using Answers.com search engine. This similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation coefficient between their term weight vectors unlike the rating vectors described in Section 3.2.1. The study used a structuring method  , in which those words that were derived from the same Finnish word were grouped into the same facet. There is some positive transfer between the initial learning and performance with the new reward function: the initial cost is lower and the ultimate performance is slightly better with pretraining. The input corresponds to the deno~nznator of the transfer function  , and hence  , position units are introduced into the transfer function by multiplying the denominator term by L. Scaling the controller output corresponds to scaling the numerator of the nondimensional controller transfer function The relationship between the nondimensional and dimensional control torques is H  t  = Q21hHndRt. Section 3 discusses methods for evaluating the alignments and section 4 shows the application of alignments in a CLIR system. It is well-known that learning m based on ML generally leads to overfitting. The 90 th percentile say of the random contrasts variable importances is calculated. Each cluster is a maximum set of density-connected points. On the other hand  , there is a clear and valid reason for the aforementioned hesitancy for the applicability of agile modeling. Basically  , defuzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control action defined over an universe of discourse into a space of non-fuzzy control actions. Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. This ID is used to identify the result of the classification. The first optimization is to suggest associated popular query terms to the user corresponding to a search query. Still  , strategy 11 is only a local optimization on each query. Xu and Weischedel 19 estimated an upper bound on CLIR performance. The matching check is performed using a non-deterministic finite state machine FSM technique similar to that used in regular expression matching 26. Two types of expansions are obtained: concept expansion and term expansion. Static shared dataflows We first show how NiagaraCQ's static shared plans are imprecise. The KS test is slightly more powerful than the Mann-Whitney's U test in the sense that it cares only about the relative distribution of the data and the result does not change due to transformations applied to the data. According to the conditional independency assumptions  , we can get the probability distribution pR ij |q through  , the problem of learning probability pR ij |q  , by a probabilistic graphical model  , which is described by Figure 1. Results  , measured using Pearson correlation over the 10 folds and both data sets are presented in Table 2a. Specifically  , the tf idf is calculated on the TREC 2014 FebWeb corpus. Once the semantic relevance values were calculated  , the pictograms were ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the major category. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , over-training is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. query execution time. The scores in Table 9show that our reduced feature set performs better than the baselines on both performance measures. The feature will be put into the support vector machine and the associated da.% will be reported. The key idea is to hash the points using several hash functions so as to ensure that  , for each function  , the probability of collision is much higher for objects which are close to each other than for those which are far apart. The problem of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR extends the information retrieval framework by assuming that queries and documents are not in the same language. For example  , the query expansion technology in the PubMed system will automatically add related MeSH terms to user's query. that is simply an integrator  , Along the trajectories of Euler's equation in Choosing a first order stable transfer function leads to a compensator E. Semantic information for music can be obtained from a variety of sources 32. The modular design of the ARMin robot that allows various combinations of proximal and distal arm training modes will also provide the platform for the search of the best rehabilitation practice. For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more likely to share the same topic than randomly selected pages 23  , and movies made by the same studio are more likely to have similar box-office returns than randomly selected movies 6. In QDSEGA  , Q-learning is applied to a small subset of exploration space to acquire some knowledge ofa task  , and then the subset of exploration space is restructured utilizing the acquired knowledge  , and by repeating this cycle  , effective subset and effective policy in the subset is acquired. A search token is a sequence of characters defining a pattern for matching linguistic tokens.  In this paper  , we focus on ranking the results of complex relationship searches on the Semantic Web. This chaining method passes label information between classifiers  , allowing CC to take into account label correlations and thus overcoming the label independence problem. Since the adversary only has information about the large itemsets  , he can only find the mappings for items that appear in the background knowledge. Results for such queries are shown in column TLC-O for the second group of queries q1-q2. the reduction in the number of cache misses is much larger because of the partitioning and the relative overhead of making the partition is correspondingly much smaller. Assuming that spatial and temporal facets of concepts are potentially useful not only in human understanding but also in computing applications  , we introduce a technique for automatically associating time and space to all concepts found in Wikipedia  , providing what we believe to be the largest scale spatiotemporal mapping of concepts yet attempted. Note that hill-climbing strategies are currently the only ones that are compatible with LLA  , because statistical goodness-offit tests χ 2  require the compared models to be nested. We plan to study this possibility in future work. Table 2 summarizes results obtained by conc-PLSA  , Fusion- LM and voted-PLSA averaged over five languages and 10  ferent initializations. Its software is much simpler and it does not need complex sort/merge packages using multiple intermediate disk accesses for composed queries. While the inherent benefits of longer training times and better model estimates are now fairly well understood  , it has one additional advantage over query centric retrieval that does not appear to be widely appreciated. For example  , web pages for search tasks like " purchase computers "   , " maintain hardware " and " download software " are all linked with the Lenovo homepage 2   , and hyperlinks are also built among these web pages for users to jump from one task to another conveniently. During pipe transfer and placement  , slips may occur along the pipe's axis. A content expression is simply a regular expression ρ over the set of tokens ∆. lymph node enlargement   , feeling powerless etc. DeLa discovers repeated patterns of the HTML tags within a Web page and expresses these repeated patterns with regular expression. As our model fitting procedure is greedy  , it can get trapped into local maxima. If there is a probabilistic model for the additional input and the scan matching function is a negative log likelihood  , then integration is straightforward. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 6. However  , accurately estimating these probabilities is difficult for generative probabilistic language modeling techniques. Expert knowledge can be included in the methods  , and the definition of the problem can be changed in different ways to reflect different user envi- ronments. To address this problem we also considered normalised llpt denoted nllpt results  , where for each query the score of each system was divided by the score of the highest score obtained by any system for that query. Otherwise  , if no graph pattern from C matches  , the source graph pattern P represents graphs that can be transformed into unsafe graphs by applying r  , and If a graph pattern from C matches the source graph pattern  , the application of r is either irrelevant  , as the source graph pattern already represents a forbidden state  , or impossible   , because it is preempted by another matching rule with higher priority. Similar to a  we project these unreachable positions back to the closest reachable position in the workspace. The rationale for this choice  , as well as the underlying mathematics  , is described in detail later in this article. Despite this progress in the development of formal retrieval models  , good empirical performance rarely comes directly from a theoretically well-motivated model; rather  , Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. The robot in this comparison is a differentially driven wheelchair and the lower bound eq. BIR: The background model comprises several sequences of judgements. Overlapping features: Overlapping features of adjacent terms are extracted. In this work  , we take advantage of the advancement in speech recognition  , to explore a high-quality transcribed query log  , but do not delve into speech recognition aspects. Note that the forward or backward Jacobian mapping between the joint space and the fingertip space may not be unique due to the structure of finger used in robot hands. Since deterministic regular expressions like a * define infinite languages  , and since every non-empty finite language can be defined by a deterministic expression as we show in the full version of this paper 9  , it follows that also the class of deterministic regular expressions is not learnable in the limit. In the cast of sort-merge joins  , queries could hc divided into small  , medium and large classes hascd on the size of the memory needed for sorting the relations. An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. It shows PLSA can capture users' interest and recommend questions effectively. The -mapping model confirms that this gap does exist in the 4-D space. We distinguish two types of path expressions: simple path expression SPE and regular path expression RPE. For example  , for the context Springfield  , IL  , we would include in its corresponding sub-collection all the documents where Springfield and IL are mentioned and only spaces or commas are in between  , however  , a document would not be valid if  , besides Springfield  , IL  , it also contains Springfield  , FL. the probabilistic model offers justification for various methods that had previously been used in automatic retrieval environments on an empirical basis. Figure 2shows the structure of the global address scheme and an example mapping. To do this  , we first cluster a large tweet corpus Tweets2011 and then calculate a trigonal area for each triplet ⟨query  , tweet  , cluster⟩ in a Figure 1: Overall system architecture latent semantic space. Therefore  , many queries execute selection operations on the base relations before executing other  , more complex operations. This situation does not take the sentiment information into account. An obvious limitation of this presentation is a lack of context for a sentence matching a query. One Arabic monolingual run and four English-Arabic cross-language runs were submitted. All of the correlation values exceed 0.6  , and therefore are statistically highly significant. So  , the query offers opportunities for optimization. We used strongly typed genetic programming The specific primitives added for each problem are discussed with setup of the the initial population  , results of crossover and mutation  , and subtrees created during mutation respectively . The likelihood function Eq. Transfer function of piezo displacement as input and output of charge amplifier as output Fig. We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise activity similarity information. From these  , URLs were extracted using a simple regular expression . cross-language performance is 87.94% of the monolingual performance. We will show that we can predict the global object shape based on the locally similar exemplars. In this case  , as the second approach  , we should define a more generic structurally recursive function. Based on several experiments  , the best estimates for the author's hand sensitivity is presented by equation 7. The latest comment prior to closing the pull request matches the regular expression above. As a second illustration of the use of web projections  , we explore the learning of models to predict users' reformulation behavior and characteristics. Model-based rating-oriented CF learns a model based on the observed ratings to make rating predictions. The query pruning 14 similarly optimizes regular path expressions  , but it is inapplicable to arbitrary recursive functions containing operations interleaved arbitrarily with navigation since such recursive functions are not transformed to finite automata. In DBSCAN  , the density concept is introduced by the notations: Directly density-reachable  , Density-reachable  , and Densityconnected . First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. Moreover  , some search engines such as Google or Live.com have started to mix dedicated news search results with the results displayed in the regular search pane i.e. However  , despite the importance of vision as a localization sensor  , there has been limited work on creating such a mapping for a vision sensor. In our final experiment we tested the scalability of our approach for learning in very high dimensions. For finding meta-index entries that contain terms of interest to the user  , the Search Meta-Index page provides a search engine that allows users to drill down on search results through three views. Since local similarity search is a crucial operation in querying biological sequences  , one needs to pay close to the match model. Besides the semantic relevance between the ad and ad landing page  , the ad should be consistent with the style of web page. When a document d and a query q are given  , the ranking function 1 is the posterior probability that the document multinomial language model generated query5. Once the frequency responses of the impedance felt by the operator and the stiffness of the environment had been determined  , the magnitude of the frequency response of the transparency transfer function was calculated by taking the ratio of the magnitude of the impedance felt by the operator to the magnitude of the environment stiffness at each particular frequency using the equation: This approach to frequency-based stiffness identification was implemented through the Spectrum function in MATLAB The Mathworks  , Inc. The method applies a " hill-climbing " strategy that makes use of a 3-D playing area measuring   , as visualised in the illustrations discussed above. Examples of systems that employ query expansion include Dynix  , INNOPAC  , Silver Platter  , INSTRUCT and Muscat 8. When the semantic relevance is calculated  , however  , the equation takes into account all the interpretation words including talking or church or play. Tuning λ ≥0 is theoretically justified for reducing model complexity  " the effective degree of freedom "  and avoiding over-fitting on training data 5. is the identity matrix. This can be calculated in JavaScript. More generally  , the models provide insight regarding the effects of various design parameters on jump gliding performance -for example  , to explore the merits of a more complex wing folding mechanism that reduces drag at the expense of greater weight  , or to evaluate the improvement possible with a reduced body area. For commercial reasons  , we have developed technology for English  , Japanese  , and Chinese CLIR. The additional search-engine data structures ensure that we have at most one disk access per operation. In our within-subjects design  , the set of 24 scores for each of the first 4 statements about System A was compared with the corresponding set of 24 scores for each statement about System B. In order to prevent this exponential increase of the planning time for queries with many patterns  , we use a greedy query optimizer when the number of patterns in the query is greater than a fixed number.   , n |Q|−|X obs | } indicating on which dimensions the data elements are lost; 2. imputing the assigned dimensions according to the imputation strategy ϕ. . In order to understand the data analyzed  , we briefly describe the framework used to implement the lightweight comment summarizer. Our experimental results show that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropy-based LSH methods to achieve desired search accuracy and query time. In this work  , we propose the Time Varying Relational Classifier TVRC framework—a novel approach to incorporating temporal dependencies into statistical relational models. Recently  , though  , it has been proved that considering sequences of terms that form query concepts is beneficial for retrieval 6. We address these two issues by mapping the answer and question to a shared latent space and measure their similarity there. hill there may exist a better solution. designed regular expression types for strings in a functional language with a type system that could handle certain programming constructs with greater precision than had been done before 23. It is clear that the most difficult phase of object recognition is making the pointwise mapping from model to scene. We use the closed frequent pattern set as candidates for KRIMP. Successful translation of OOV terms is one of the challenges of CLIR. This system  , presented in detail in 9  , uses a two-jaw gripper with forceltorque sensing for handling flat textile material. q Layered or spiral approaches to learning that permit usage with minimal knowledge. We evaluated the results of our individual similarity measures and found some special characteristics of the measures when applied to our specific data. Our approach performs gradient descent using each sample as a starting point  , then computes the goodness of the result using the obvious likelihood function. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. Section 2 extends Elfes' 2-D probabilistic mapping scheme to 3-D space and describes a framework for workspace modeling using probabilistic octrees. We assume that XML documents are tokenized by a languagedependent tokenizer to identify linguistic tokens. If developers do not know about the existence of the defined locking aspect or its relation to the new function transfer  , they might not add transfer as a relevant shadow  , thus  , might miss locking in transfer  , or create a redundant locking cross-cutting concern for that function. First  , both relations R and S are sorted on the join attribute by using an efficient sorting mechanism e.g. Any remaining cycles in the request graph suggest that a possibly mutually-recursive function is making server requests. A lower score implies that word wji is less surprising to the model and are better. To perform a search  , a keyword query is often submitted to a search engine and the latter returns the documents most relevant to the query. This is because if there is a move possible which reduces energy   , simulated annealing will always choose that and in that case the value of the ratio AEIT does not influence the result. A fourth layer is used to locally activate the contractile component  , enabling sequential and simultaneous folding. Currently  , our similarity search for pages or passages is done using the vector space model and passage-feature vectors. This dictionary element is therefore represented twice. For example  , pairs of brokers working at the same branch are more likely to share the same fraud status than randomly selected pairs of brokers. use Wikipedia for query expansion more directly. In this approach we first traverse all the blocks nested under a given query block and identify the set of all interesting parameter sort orders. Therefore  , a perfect tracking controller may cause oscillatory velocity response. In this paper  , we propose a system called RerankEverything  , which enables users to rerank search results in any search service. Traditional twig pattern matching techniques suffer from problems dealing with contents  , such as difficulty in data content management and inefficiency in performing content search. We will use support vector machine classification and term-based representations of comments to automatically categorize comments as likely to obtain a high overall rating or not. Then we fine-tune the weights of the encoder by minimizing the following objective function: We use stacked RBMs to initialize the weights of the encoder we can also optionally further use a deep autoencoder to find a better initialization. For any basic action for inside-out grasping  , we woiild like to show that the corresponding transfer function is monotonic. 25 studied a particular case in session search where the search topics are intrinsically diversified. The statistic behaviors for each indicator were determined computing the mean and standard deviation. After reading the returned search results  , the searcher might realize his inappropriate choices  , correct them  , and redo the search. All Pairs Similarity Search APSS 6  , which identifies similar objects among a given dataset  , has many important applications. This years' performance reects the addition of the automated expression system  , and the corresponding increase in the 4  , which we feel would be a benecial addition to the overall system architecture. Without such a model  , a search for Hodgkin lymphoma indicating findings is only possible through a search for specific symptoms as e.g. To examine this  , we also measure the Pearson correlation of the queries' frequencies. In their work  , a trade-off between novelty a measure of diversity  and the relevance of search results is made explicit through the use of two similarity functions  , one measuring the similarity among documents  , and the other the similarity between document and query. Two similarity functions are defined to weight the relationships in MKN. It actually provided correct answers for some short queries. The corresponding learning curves  , convergence rates  , and the average rewards are different based on the property values and the number of the blocks. Game theory researchers have extensively studied the representations and strategies used in games 3. For this  , we designed a scoring function to quantify the likelihood that a specific user would rate a specific attraction highly and then ranked the candidates accordingly. Interface features can facilitate search actions that help in completing a search task. b With the learned mapping matrices W q and W v   , queries and images are projected into this latent subspace and then the distance in the latent subspace is directly taken as the relevance of query-image. Each experiment was ran on a single thread of a server running JDK1.7 on Ubuntu 10.0.4 and was allocated maximally 2GB of RAM. There are two major challenges for using similarity search in large scale data: storing the large data and retrieving desired data efficiently. In all cases  , the multi-probe LSH method has similar query time to the basic LSH method. That is  , compared to random search  , genetic programming does not bring benefits in term of fewer NCP in this case to balance the cost caused by fitness evaluations. A final orientation of a part is a stable orientation where at least one edge of the part is aligned with the gripper when fully grasped with a frictionless parallel jaw gripper. An input instance of DREAM model consists a series of baskets of items  , which are sequential transactions of a specific user. However  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. For example  , Croft and Harper 1979 showed that a cluster search can retrieve relevant documents in many cases when a search based on a probabilistic model fails. We choose the Shannon entropy as the opthising functional. Eps and MinPts " in the following whenever it is clear from the context. In Section 2  , we provide background information on term-weighting components and genetic programming. Since an adversary can no longer simulate a one-to-n item mapping by a one-to-one item mapping  , in general  , we can fully utilize the search space of a one-to-n item mapping to increase the cost of attack and prevent the adversary to easily guess the correct mapping. Our results show that query expansion on Title and Description fields with appropriate weighting can yield better performance. In all cases  , model fitting runtime is dominated by the time required to generate candidate graphs as we search through the model parameter space. The main difference between the TPI model and the RPI model is that the RPI model is suited to different probabilistic indexing models  , whereas the TPI model is an ex~ension of the two-poisson model for multi-term queries. The pages that can be extracted at least one object are regarded as object pages. Particularly  , we investigate an inductive learning method – Genetic Programming GP – for the discovery of better fused similarity functions to be used in the classifiers  , and explore how this combination can be used to improve classification effectiveness . 5: Quantification of the fitting of oriented-Gabor model RMSE as defined in eq. Since it is difficult  , in general  , to decide which junction belongs to the scene object of interest  , we matched all 21 features with the corresponding model ones. An important feature of this is that the tf·idf scores are calculated only on the terms within the index  , so that anchortext terms are kept separate from terms in the document itself. Suppose the user is willing to invest some extra time for each query  , how much effort is needed to improve the initial query in expansion effort  , how many query terms need to be expanded  , and how many expansion terms per query term are needed ? The fourth column lists the feature on which the regular expression or gazetteer as the case may be is evaluated. Interestingly  , while we observed a correlation between the averaged contribution and citation counts  , there seems to be no such relation between averaged contribution and reader counts Figures 1b and 1 h. As in the previous case  , there is no correlation between the contribution measure and reader counts  , which is confirmed by Pearson r = 0.0444. for some nonnegative function T . In other words  , we can see that the HeteroSales framework is especially useful in the case when we only have a limited number of training data. It will be of interest to compare between the quality of our suggested technique and the quality of standard query expansion techniques. Tree-Pattern Matching. The protein folding problem has a complication in that the way in which the protein folds depends on factors other than the purely geometrical con­ straints which govern the polygonal problems. Alternatively  , we can follow the hill climbing approach but it is computationally more expensive and requires more scans of the database 18. This set contains all consistent values of the model parameters  , so it is a quantitative description of the fitting error. A perfect success rate of 100% was achieved on the 50 end-to-end trials of previously untested towels. To some extent  , we can consider the Web ngrams more similar to the document content than click logs and anchor text. The basic idea of the triple jump framework is to perform two iterations of bound or overrelaxed bound optimization to obtain γ  , and compute the next search point with a large η. We take mean field annealing approach MFA  , which is a deterministic approach and requires much less computational complexity than simulated annealing  , to locate the constrained global optimal solution. Each iteralion contains a well-defined sequence of query optimization followed by data allocation optimization. The other 90% were used to learn the pLSA model while the held-out set was used to prevent overfitting  , namely using the strategy of early stopping. Similar patterns can be observed using Root Mean Squared Error RMSE and are omitted for brevity. Computing a spatial path that achieves these objectives analytically demands the knowledge of a deposition rate function that provides a relationship between the spatial location of the applicator with the spray gun and film accumulation on the surface. In Section 5 we will discuss a possible spectrum of validators . In other words  , it is sufficient Remarkably  , in this case the optimization problem corresponds to finding the flattest function in the feature space  , not in the input space. In addition  , we plan to apply the EM method and PLSA model to promoting diversity on Genomics research. This is importmt in a CLIR environment. In CLIR  , we need a relevance model for both the source language and the target language. In here  , we further developed and used a fully probabilistic retrieval model. In ROBE81 a similar retrieval model  , the 80 251 called two-poisson-independence TPI model is described. For tweet expansion  , we used relevance modelling based approach to expand tweets by topically and temporally similar tweets. To combat this problem  , we propose a Last-to-First Allocating LFA strategy to efficiently estimate Mr  , leveraging the intrinsic interdependence between ranking and ranking-based marginal influence spread. The standard probabilistic retrieval model uses three basic parameters  Swanson  , 1974  , 1975: In particular  , instead of considering only the overall frequency characteristics of the terms  , one is interested in the term-occurrence properties in both the relevant and the nonrelevant items with respect to some query. Disambiguation strategies are typically employed to reduce translation errors. The contact stability condition imposes that the actual penetration p is positive during contact. Instead  , our query expansion method includes all expansion concepts in CE. During the final phase of resolution i.e. To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. requiring a minimum of 90 samples given the population of 1376 products in the BMEcat. In the case that the towel is originally held by a long side  , the table is used to spread out and regrasp the towel in the short side configuration  , from which point folding proceeds as if the short side had been held originally. Many applications require that the similarity function reflects mutual dependencies of components in feature vectors  , e.g. While this generality is appealing and necessary in situations where modeling is impractical  , learning tends to be less data-efficient and is not generalizable to different tasks within the same environment 8. To maintain a consistent representation of the underlying prior pxdZO:t-l' weight adjustment has to be carried out. We then train a two-class support vector machine with the labelled feature vectors. an MS-Word document. Estimating £ ¤ § © in a typical retrieval environment is difficult because we have no training data: we are given a query  , a large collection of documents and no indication of which documents might be relevant. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. The recursive form of the new function immediately leads to an iterative program form. The C-SPARQL 1 extension enabled the registration of continuous SPARQL queries over RDF streams  , thus  , bridging data streams with knowledge bases and enabling stream reasoning. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first characterization of this tradeoff. Our method gives feasible solution by judicious choice of parameters and outperforms the method proposed by Lashkari 5  , in terms of the quality of the optimal solution. Among the various approaches  , automatic query expansion by using plain co-occurrence data is the simplest method. Avatar assistant robot  , which can be controlled remotely by a native teacher  , animates the 3D face model with facial expression and lib-sync for remote user's voice. Each secondary structure is input to the FSM one character at a time until either the machine enters a final matching state or it is determined that the input sequence does not match the query sequence. We tested the two BMEcat conversions using standard validators for the Semantic Web  , presented in Section 3.1. The research question is: pattern. The data sites send sorted files directly to the host which ei& ciently " merges " them without doing sort key comparisons . We can notice that by adding a slow-rate LSTM weekly-based features to the MR-TDSSM  , it leads to great performance improvement over TDSSM with only one fast-rate LSTM component. For a certain OriginQuery  , we use two strategies to extend it: 1 twitter corpus based query expansion and 2 web-based query expansion.   , a , , , based on their q-values with an exploration-exploitation strategy of l  , while the winning local action Because the basic fuzzy rules are used as starting points  , the robot can be operated safely even during learning and only explore the interesting environments to accelerate the learning speed. A critical assumption is that evaders' motions are independent of the motions of the pursuer. CF also has a good performance since it can always give prediction if the target item has at least one rater and the Pearson correlation similarity between this rater and the target user is calculable. Roughly speaking  , k-anonymity means that one can only be certain that a value is associated with one of at least k values. For example  , AbdulJaleel and Larkey describe a transliteration technique 1  that they successfully applied in English- Arabic CLIR. Many works on key term identification apply either fixed or regular expression POS tag patterns to improve their effectiveness . The term multi-rate indicates the capability of our model which is able to capture user interests at different granularity  , so that temporal dynamics at different rates can be effectively and jointly optimized. We also showed that it takes more effort from the user to form queries when doing pattern search as compared to similarity search  , but when relevant matches are found they are ranked somewhat higher. We discuss the potential applications of this result to the design of semantic similarity estimates from lexical and link similarity  , and to the optimization of ranking functions in search engines. A walk expression is a regular expression without union  , whose language contains only alternating sequences of node and edge types  , starting and ending with a node type. In this section  , we address the control problem of active vibration canceling of CDPR with light and flexible wires in the modal space. Google offers a course 1 on improving search efficiency. However  , to calculate the likelihood function  , we have to marginalize over the latent variables which is difficult in our model for both real variables η  , τ   , as it leads to integrals that are analytically intractable  , and discrete variables z1···m  , it involves computationally expensive sum over exponential i.e. The results are presented in Table 2and show that the window size does have an effect on the role composition. The 7th to 11th column of Table 1shows the results of the precision of the PLSA-based image selection when the number of topics k varied from 10 to 100. In our experiment  , the search workload under the fixed workload scheme is set to be 2500 50 generations with 50 individuals in each generation  and is stipulated by workload function w = ϕ 2 in The time complexity may now become exponential with respect to ϕ as long as the workload function is an exponential function w.r.t ϕ. Once a model has been selected to represent a subsystem  , the unknown parameters identification is required. are in fact simple examples demonstrating the use of the system-under-test. With the hypothesis that some missed important functionalities may occur in another position in the same program  , GenProg attempts to automatically repair defective program with genetic programming 38. We have been experimenting with a method for automatically creating candidate Japanese transliterated versions of English words. The mapping  , termed the planar kinematic mapping in Bottema and Roth 1979  , is a special case of dual quaternion representation of object position in a three dimensional space. Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. In this section  , we discuss our development of predicate mapper  , which realizes the type-based search-driven mapping machinery. The proposed method yielded two major innovations: inclusive query planning  , and query optimization. In this paper  , we presented Tweet2Vec  , a novel method for generating general-purpose vector representation of tweets  , using a character-level CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder architecture . An aggregate search engine is the same as any other instance of the search engine leaf node except that it handles all incoming search requests. Fitting an individiral skeleton model to its motion data is the routine identification task rary non-ridd pose with sparse featme points. The next section discuss some properties of A; after which two methods of using A are presented that do not require that the regular expression for the paths be computed explicitly. In normalization   , we just directly fill the key with the related value. Figure 1plots the computed weight distribution for the MovieRating dataset given 100 training users. For the rest of the discussion  , we will assume that the ISSUBSUMED boolean operator can be implemented by re-writing to the SQL/XML XMLExists function. Some groups found that query expansion worked well on this collection  , so we applied the " row expansion " technique described in last year's paper 10. They hence can be pushed to be executed in the navigation pattern matching stage for deriving variable bindings. With the empirical results we conclude:  With different initial rankings  , IMRank could converge to different self-consistent rankings. As opposed t o mapping < to new active joint space velocities through a given shape matrix Jcp   , this approach introduces additional joint space velocities using a new shape matrix . We induced a bilingual lexicon from the translated corpus by treating the translated corpus as a pseudo-parallel corpus. The sequence of states is seen as a preliminary segmentation. Generally  , a chemical similarity search is to search molecules with similar structures as the query molecule. For a low-dimensional feature space  , similarity search can be carried out efficiently with pre-built space-partitioning index structures such as KD-tree or data-partitioning index structures such as R-tree 7 . Their results further show that better performance would be obtained from applying imputation techniques. Iterative search is fundamental to medical search because of medical problems' inherent fuzziness  , which often makes it difficult even for medical professionals to distinguish between right and wrong choices. Incorrect words aaect collection statistics and query expansion. If we assign a reward function according to the Euclidean distance to the goal to speed 13t8 Table 2up the learning  , we would suffer from local maxima of Q-values because the Euclidean distance measure cannot always reflect the length of the action sequence because of the non-holonomic property of the mobile robot. Therefore  , the recursive method for the stabilization of-the sys­ tem 1 can be given based on either the Krasovskii functional or the Razumikhin function. A likelihood function is constructed assuming a parameter set  , generating a pdf for each sample based on those parameters  , then multiplying all these pdf's together. RQ2 Does the LSTM configuration have better learning abilities than the RNN configuration ? The measures were integrated in a similarity-based classification procedure that builds models of the search-space based on prototypical individuals. Recognizing the oosperm and the micro tube is virtually a matching problem. Furthermore. These embeddings often capture and/or preserve linguistic properties of words. Only part 1 of the questionnaire was utilized  , which is composed of six semantic differentials mental demand  , physical demand  , temporal demand  , performance  , effort and frustration  , all rated between 0 and 100. Consequently  , we performed a Pearson Chi-square test to check if there exists any association between the role of the respondents 7 different categories and the choice of programming language as a deciding factor for a system being legacy. The sensitivity function in low frequencies is minimized simultaneously with the open loop transfer function in high frequencies   , using a Lagrangian function. In particular we concentrate on the comparison of various query translation methods. The manipulator knows some mappings from the problem space to the solution space and estimates the mapping for the goal problem by using them. Each search record contains the user query  , a transaction time stamp  , a session identifier and URLs visited by the user. Boolean assertions in programming languages and testing frameworks embody this notion. Note that tuple substitution corresponds to the nested iteration method of join implementation BLAS77. The problem of frequent model retraining and scalability results from the fact that the total number of users and items is usually very large in practical systems  , and new ratings are usually made by users continuously. The results show that the performance of our simple query expansion approach is not as good as the provided baseline. Here the appearance function g has to be based only on the image sequences returned from the tele-manipulation system. In this case  , the distribution figures suggest that the TRT based fuzzy translation technique is viable in operational CLIR systems  , the noise being acceptable. The worst case is the query with Boolean structure with the narrower concepts expansion BOOL/En. Overall  , we find that there is only a weak correlation 0.157 between snippet viewing time and relevance. This paper presents a new approach to modeling relational data with time-varying link structure. The workshops are well prepared  , and innovative brainstorming and problem solving methods are used. In their original formulation  , these manipulability measures or ellipsoids considered only single-chain manipulators  , and were based on the mapping in task space trough the Jacobian matrix of the joint space unit ,a.ry balls qTq 5 1 and T ~ T 5 1. Then extracted sentences are scanned  , detecting the constructs matching the template < person1 >< pattern >< person2 > such as <Barack Obama><and his rival><John McCain>  , using a person names dictionary and a sliding window with a pattern length of three words. Technical terms and proper names constitute a major problem in dictionary-based CLIR  , since usually just the most commonly used technical terms and names are found in translation dictionaries. In this paper we consider a specific bi-language DL—the Niupepa 1 collection—and examine how the default language setting of the DL interface affects usage. Section 7 and 8 compare our system with structural query translation and MTbased CLIR. Based on the axioms and corollaries above  , given a news web page  , we can first detect all its TLBIOs  , merge them to derive possible news areas  , and then verify each TLBIO based on their position  , format  , and semantic relevance to the news areas to detect all the news TLBIOs. In the Chevy Tahoe example above  , the classifier would establish that the page is about cars/automotive and only those ads will be considered. Two reports have measured retrieval performance as a function of resources for English-Chinese retrieval. This approach makes the hest use of the occurrence of the common suffix in transactions  , thereby constructing a more compact tree structure than F'P-tree. Recall that the PATH-IS function accepts an argument which is a regular expression  , say R. It turns out that it has an implicit formal parameter s which is a string made up by concatenating integers between 1 and m. Therefore  , the PATH-IS function really denotes the following question: Does s belong to the regular set R ? As shown in Table 1  , we have considered several means by which a FIR system could make use of query expansion: choosing expansion terms based on each collection separately local expansion and sending individual expanded queries to each collection focused querying using sampled documents. Multilingual Query Expansion: Medical care is a multicultural and multilingual environment. As a stream of individual entries  , a blog feed can be viewed at multiple levels of granularity. The motion planning problem can be formulated as a twoperson zero sum game l in which the robot is a player and the obstacles and the other robots are the adversary . We incorporate a user-driven query expansion function. Each keyword search has a unique search ID. The inputs of the system are assembly quality ternis  , i.e. With PLSA  , although we can still see that lots of vertices in the same community are located closely  , there aren't clear boundaries between communities. Samples are represented by yellow points  , the vector field depicts the gradient of Lθm. The first probabilistic model captures the retrieval criterion that a document is relevant if any passage in the document is relevant. While some approaches use special ranking loss layers 10  , we have extended the CNN architecture using a sigmoid layer instead of the softmax layer and a cross entropy loss function. For each location  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar locations to predict the missing values. We chose statistical data  , because 1 there is clear need to integrate the data and 2 although the data sets are covering semantically similar topics  , standardization usually does not cover the object properties  , only the code lists themselves  , if at all. There is small change from 100 to 500 trees  , suggesting that 100 trees might be sufficient to get a reasonable result. In the area of Semantic Query Optimization  , starting with King King81  , researchers have proposed various ways to use integrity constraints for optimization. Applying the method of simulated annealing can be time consuming. The next step  , they ranked the entity based on similarity of the candidate entities and the target entity. We strongly recommend the use of pre-translation expansion when dictionary-or corpus-based query translation is performed; in some instances this expansion can treble performance. To the best of our knowledge  , XSeek is the first XML keyword search engine that automatically infers desirable return nodes to form query results. Intent generation and ranking. This fact is especially interesting if the data space is non-vectorial. We follow recent successes with word embedding similarity and use in this work: The closer the function's value is to 1 the more similar the two terms are. The history in the context of which an event expression is evaluated provides the sequence of input symbols to the automaton implementing the event expression. Because of the first point  , the rarity of electronic sources for translation  , investigators may be drawn to use the resources most readily available to them  , rather than those best suited for bilingual retrieval. The Bernoulli parameter pr ,u in our model  , however  , is specific to a rank r and a user u  , thus leaving more flexibility for setting different hypothesized values for simulation or fitting empirical parameters from log data. However  , even if T does not accurately measure the likelihood that a page is good  , it would still be useful if the function could at least help us order pages by their likelihood of being good. To select relevant portions of the DPRG to view to aid with the task at hand  , a developer can use two kinds of query operations: regular expression searching  , and node expan- sion. This yields ρMAP  , Precision-Rel = 0.98 and ρMAP  , Recall-Rel = 0.97  , indicating strong dependency between quality of the mappings and search performance. We empirically show the benefits of plan refinement and the low overhead it adds to the cost of query optimization. 'Organic search' is the classic search where users enter search terms and search engines return a list of relevant web pages. Although other work has explored dwell time  , to the best of our knowledge this is the first work to use dwell time for a large scale  , general search relevance task. propose a refinement of the approach presented in 11 for reachability formulae which combines state space reduction techniques and early evaluation of the regular expression in order to improve actual execution times when only a few variable parameters appear in the model. ServiceXplorer also offers an advanced similarity search that enables users to locate services by selecting different index structures  , specifying QoS parameters and comparing the search performance with that of VSM. Before the searches  , each participant filled out a questionnaire to determine age  , education  , gender and computer experience  , and two psychometric testslO  , a test of verbal fluency Controlled Associations  , test FA-1 and a test for structural visualization Paper Folding  , test VZ-2. By these  , and a bag of other tricks  , we managed to keep the overhead for maintaining the state-information a small fraction of the essential operations of reading and merging blocks of pairs of document ids and score  , sorted by document id. The figure shows plots of the comment distribution and the interestingness distribution for the participants at each time slice along with the Pearson correlation coefficient between the two distributions. We compare the results obtained using the kernel functions defined in Sect. We will focus our related work discussion on path extraction queries. LEO is aimed primarily at using information gleaned from one or more query executions to discern trends that will benefit the optimization of future queries. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest. For example  , the Gnutella data download signature can be expressed as: 'ˆServer:|User-Agent: \t*LimeWire| BearShare|Gnucleus|Morpheus|XoloX| gtk-gnutella|Mutella|MyNapster|Qtella| AquaLime|NapShare|Comback|PHEX|SwapNut| FreeWire|Openext|Toadnode' Due to the fact that it is expensive to perform full regular expression matches over all TCP payloads we exploit the fact that the required regular expression matches are of a limited variety. Description-only with Query Expansion run Run name: JuruDesQE . All similarity matrices we applied were derived from our color similarity search system. However  , the performance can be improved by supplemental methods and by structuring of queries. In our ongoing experiments we are investigating both of these techniques  , however the experiments described here focus only on query expansion. However  , this approach is also problematic as a single URL in the test set  , which was unseen in the training set  , would yield an infinite entropy estimate. In this paper  , to tackle this problem  , we explore the latent semantic relevance among tags from text and visual perspectives. Word expert parsers 77  seem particularly suitable ; the TOPIC system employs one to condense information from article abstracts into frames 39. We shall show that this transfer function has several desirable properties. We compute each input sentence's pattern matching weight by using Equation 6. Being able to provide specific answers is only possible from models supporting LMU only conditionally  , as for example the vector space models with trained parameters or probabilistic models do 7. Based on the results of this study our future research will involve the identification of language pairs for which fuzzy translation is effective  , the improvement of the rules for example  , utilising rule co-occurrence information  , testing the effects of tuning a confidence factor by a specific language pair  , selecting the best TRT and fuzzy matching combination  , and testing how to apply fuzzy translation in actual CLIR research. Finally  , K query partitions are created by assigning the queries in the i th bucket of any pattern to query partition i. RSJ relevance weighting of query terms was proposed in 1976 5 as an alternative term weighting of 2 when relevant information is available. We now define its semantics. Relational query optimization  , however  , impacts XQuery semantics and introduces new challenges. The anomaly score is simply defined as autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. This means that we would do EA_LB_Keogh 2k-1 times  , without early abandoning. By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. As might have been predicted by the fitting results in Section 3.1  , it was found that use of a Hertz contact model to predict subsurface strains resulted in a biased estimate of the indenter radius. where u  , i denote pairs of citing-cited papers with non-zero entries in C. In experiments  , we used stochastic gradient descent to minimize Eq. Type indicates the type of entry: 'F' for a frequent value or 'Q' for a quantile adjustment for the corresponding Col_Value value. 1 who propose a hierarchical version of DBSCAN called OPTICS. Inverse kinematics can be also linked to other areas  , for example spacecraft control with control moment gyros CMG  , animation   , protein folding. Then  , the intensity p 0 was estimated from the retweet sequence of interest by using the fitting procedure developed in section 3.3. As we can see  , Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space. Figure 2billustrates the highest and second highest bid in the test set  , items that we did not observe when fitting the model. One is that it is not necessarily optimal to simply follow a " best-first " search  , because it is sometimes necessary to go through several off-topic pages to get to the next relevant one. The second optimization exploits the concept of strong-token. It is a fairly standard and publicly available procedure  , which require no any special knowledge or skills. Once the optimization procedure has selected a dig  , it can be mapped back to the joints of the excavator. The second scoring function computes a centrality measure based on the geometric mean of term generation probabilities  , weighted by their likelihood in the entry language model no centrality computation φCONST E  , F  = 1.0 and the centrality component of our model using this scoring function only serves to normalize for feed size. Baselines: We compare our method to two state-of-theart FSD models as follows. First  , we hope to demonstrate that the complexity problems usually associated with Q-learning 17 in complex scenarios can be overcome by using role-switching. Our use of the stress function is slightly unusual  , because instead of projecting the documents onto a low-dimensional space  , such as R 2   , we are mapping documents to the space of word clouds. The key idea in the formulation  , therefore   , is to describe the relationship of the beginning and completion times of an operation with those of the previous and subsequent operations. Many studies on similarity search over time-series databases have been conducted in the past decade. Note how the term o~feoporosis has relatively more weight in the structured queries. Employing this demonstration technique saves from the burden of mapping the human kinematics as in other approaches 7  , 14. We first explored the viability of no-translation CLIR on a broader range of disparate language pairs than has been heretofore reported. Without query expansion  , the difference between short and long queries is 0.0669. In this region  , increasing M leads to fewer sorted runs at the end of the split phase  , and hence lower disk seek costs when the runs are merged; this accounts for the slight reductions in response time at the right-hand side of Figure 5. By adopting regular expressions as types  , they could include rich operations over types in their type structure  , and that made it possible to capture precisely the behavior of pattern matching over strings in their type system. imputation  inappropriate. More recently  , MSN and Google Search 13 ,9 added location look-up capability that extracts location qualifiers from search query strings. The approach we take is to use an online optimization of one-step lmkahead  , choosing trajectories that maximize the space explored while minimizing the likelihood we will become lost on re-entering the map. None of the classical methods perform as well. We employ a random forest classifier as the discriminative model and use its natural ability to cluster similar data points at the leaf nodes for the retrieval task. The default resolution of symbols is to routines in the library itself. This learning goal is equivalent to maximizing the likelihood of the probabilistic KCCA model 3. One page less of memory will result in another merge step. The estimates from two methods are very close. The joint probability on the words  , classes and the latent variables in one document is thus given by:  different proportion of the topics  , and different topics govern dissimilar word occurrences  , embedding the correlation among different words. In this paper  , we described the design  , the modeling and the experimental results of our prototype of an endoscope based on the use of metal bellows. All the scores are significantly greater compared to the baseline NoDiv in Table 4. However automatic pattern extraction can introduce errors and syntactic dependency matching can lead to incorrect answers too. This method requires users to learn specific query language to input query " pattern " and also requires to predefine many patterns manually in advance. With respect to RQ2 cluster stability scores can be used help determine the optimum number of clusters and evaluate the " goodness " of the resulting clusters 7. IR systems need to engage users in a diafogue and begin modeling the user -on the topics of search terms and strategies  , domain knowledge  , information-seeking and searching knowledge -before a single search term is entered -as well as throughout the search interaction. To identify the usefulness of these WE-based metrics  , we conducted a large-scale pairwise user study to gauge human preferences. Prediction performance is measured  , as usual  , by the Pearson correlation between the true AP of the relevance-model-based corpus ranking at cutoff 1000 and that which corresponds to the predicted values . The search logs used in this study consist of a list of querydocument pairs  , also known as clickthrough data. In the aforementioned methods it is assumed that the dataset is embedded into a higher-dimensional space by some smooth mapping. The proposed model is fitted by optimizing the likelihood function in an iterative manner. As with any program synthesis technique which fundamentally involve search over exponential spaces  , the cost of our technique is also worst case exponential in the size of the DSL. Query Expansion: The microblog track organizers provided participants with the terms statistics for Tweets13 collection. One possible reason for this could be the fact that the parameter of DBSCAN is a global parameter and cannot be adjusted per-cluster. The performance of the Translation Model and the Translation- Based Language Model will rely on the quality of the word-to-word translation probabilities. Based on the plaintext collection  , our ARRANGER engine  , a Genetic Programming GP based ranking function discovery system  , is used to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for the topic distillation task. We have experimented with hill climbing in our model fitting problem  , and confirmed that it produces suboptimal results because the similarity metric dK or others is not strictly convex. In this way  , we insure that undefined instances will not affect the calculation of the likelihood function. Various visual features including color histograms  , text  , camera movement  , face detection  , and moving objects can be utilized to define the similarity. WordNet synsets are used for query expansion. To evaluate the ranking results of the different similarity measures  , we took all chemical entities that were retrieved by a similarity search in the field of drug design  , they expect different ranking results for the same query term. Second  , we investigate the impact of the document expansion using external URLs. Input vectors composed of range-to-obstacle indicators' readouts and direction-to-goal indicator readouts are partitioned into one of predefined perceptual situation classes. With such a probabilistic model  , we can then select those segmentations with high probabilities and use them to construct models for information retrieval. In particular  , Vidyasagar presented a transfer function of the flexible heam based on the Euler-Bernoulli model that has the nice property to be passive  To evaluate the performance of different architectures including the behavior of the operator  , it is common to use a group of people working on a certain task 2224. The protocol tries to construct a quorum by selecting the root and a majority of its children. prepend d to all structures enumerated above } Figure 4:  with values of constant length. To do so  , the model leverages the existing classifier p0y|x  , and create the semantic embedding vector of x as a convex combination of semantic vectors of the most relevant training labels. For the Cross-Lingual Arabic Information retrieval  , our automatic effort concentrated on the two categories; English-Arabic Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR and monolingual information retrieval. 35 proposed a solution for efficient query expansion for advertisement search. At this point the start position information is used to determine whether the segments occur in the correct order within the protein and if the proper gap constraints between them are met. One might wonder whether we can use the Arabic monolingual thesaurus to improve CLIR. We use Survival Random Forest for this purpose. One of the learned lessons of the previous experiments was that the regular expression RegExp substitutions are a very succinct  , efficient  , maintainable  , and scalable method to model many NL subtasks of the QA task. The main reason is that the values of rewards fade over time  , causing all robots to prefer actions that have immediate rewards. By doing this  , we search for a unified set of latent factors that best explains both content and link structures simultaneously and seamlessly. In order to obtain a generic model  , the fiizzy relationships can be defined  , and the output can be writ ,ten as a generic sigmoid function f= I+e-Lz+B  , where Q determines the degree of fuzziness  , arid  ,8 deterniines the threshoid level. For the document expansion component  , we employ both LocCtxt document model and ExRes document model based on the observation that the two document models behave differently on different topic sets. The returned set was therefore compared to their query in that light  , their semantic relevance. Since IMRank adjusts all nodes in decreasing order of their current ranking-based influence spread Mrv  , the values of Mr After each iteration of IMRank  , a ranking r is adjusted to another ranking r ′ . Our conservative query expansion hurt us in this environment. We compare the topical communities identified by PLSA and NetPLSA. Once the relevant pictograms are selected  , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. If a query can m-use cached steps  , the rest of the parsing and optimization is bypassed. Only these two changes are propagated to ICO. Our expansion procedure worked by first submitting the topic title to answer.com  , and then using the result page for query expansion. An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents  , 7 steps. Each search result can be a new query for chain search to provide related content. Thus the Hough transform provides a one-to-one mapping of lines in the original space to points in the transform space. Simulation results are plotted in Figures 7-11. We argue that these variations can be captured by successfully matching training resources to target corpora. Then  , the approximated cost to traverse an edge is computed by plugging a covariance at a departing vertex into the associated cost transfer function of that edge. We perform experiments on a publicly available multilingual multi-view text categorization corpus extracted from the Reuters RCV1/RCV2 corpus 1 . Since it is hard to pick up the signals during contact phase  , we cannot use the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT technique which converts the signal from time-domain to frequencydomain . The search node is dis-played as a textbox for full text search. In idling conditions  , the following experimental transfer function was obtained: Figure Sillustratcs the Bode diagrams related to the identifi ed systems for the cases of idling condition and when the three different skin samples are grasped. We remind the reader that NL-SORT is essentially a sort-merge join -the child relation is sorted by its foreign key field and then the parent's clustered primary key index is used to retrieve corresponding parent records in physical order. In addition  , the baseline PSQ technique exhibited the same decline in MAP near the tail of the translation probability distribution i.e. The results we have obtained already showed clearly the feasibility of using Web parallel documents for model training.