Note that in this method  , duplicate links are reported only when the first occurrence is seen. The standard approach to document collection and indexing on the web is the use of a web crawler. XTract 25  , 36 generates candidate regular expressions for each element name selecting the best one using the Minimum Description Length MDL principle. We used 'http' as the keyword to target only tweets containing links. The method is named SMA-FC  , and it performs a number of scans of the database equals to the number of states of the given regular expression. A look at the Java-code indicates that Trang is related to but different from crx: it uses 2T-INF to construct an automaton  , eliminates cycles by merging all nodes in the same strongly connected component   , and then transforms the obtained DAG into a regular expression. The former is a more reliable source although mistakes/typos from the authors can occur while the latter relies heavily on the performance of regular expression matching to identify URLs. , 74% less than the case of hlm  , i.e. To be truly general-purpose  , a model management facility would need to factor out the inferencing engine module that can manipulate these expressions  , so that one could plug different inferencing engines into the facility. For some applications  , the running time performance of the SSNE detector can be a crucial factor. System A scored best when respondents recorded their reactions to the first statement  , about their pre-query 'mental image' 24score mean: 1.21. Graphs and sets can describe the syntax of models and mappings. Comments represent a candidate items. We identified the segment on which the two outputs differed. Part-Of-Speech POS tags have often been considered as an important discriminative feature for term identification. * ?/ in Perl regular expression syntax for the abbreviation î that is used to search a database of known inflected forms of Latin literature. Our work focuses on two main areas  , the first is devising a method for combining text annotations and visual features into one single MPEG-7 description and the second is how best to carry out text and nontext queries for retrieval via a combined description. Our approach to the second selection problem has been discussed elsewhere6 ,7. 9 noted above is an exception. They pose requirements on occurring attributes and their values. Their analyzer approximates the value of a string expression in a Java program with a regular language instead of a context-free language. We now consider the following problem: Given an SDTD d  , m0  , which open tags are pre-order typed in every document defined by d  , m0 ? We discuss the latter notion a bit more formally as it returns in the specification of XML Schema in the form of the Unique Particle Attribution rule. For Japanese  , we use a regular expression to match sentence endings  , as these patterns are more well defined than in English. To our best knowledge  , this is the first work which considers the correlation between search queries and tags for search result re-ranking. Specifically  , positive pattern matches are carefully constructed regular expression patterns and gazetteer lookups while negative pattern matches are regular expressions based on the gazetteer. This global view is a map of the search results over geographic space. To round out the OM regex  , regular expressions that simulate misspellings by vowel substitutions e.g. The specification /abc|xyz/ is a regular expression representing the set of strings {abc  , xyz}. This was also observed in the context of lexical source-code transformations of arbitrary programming languages 2  , where it is an alternative to manipulations of the abstract syntax tree. As with search results  , the probability that a user clicks on an advertisement declines rapidly  , as much as 90% 5  , with display position see Figure 1. In our model  , we connect two components through a set of shared factors  , that is  , the latent factors in the second component for contents are tied to the factors in the first component for links. This artificial method can generate a new field sub-document which does not exist in actual multi-field document  , which is equivalent to increasing the statistical weight for some attributed texts  , and such texts often have an explicit optimal TC rule. We now detail the procedure used to generate a pattern that represents a set of URLs. We study the problem of keyword-based image search by jointly exploring cross-view learning and the use of click-through data. To this end  , we generate and then try to apply two types of patterns  , expressed in terms of a regular expression: one is aimed at describing author names the element regular expression  , or EREG  , and the other aimed at describing groups of delimiters between names the glue characters regular expression or GREG. 3 Σ * AB: The last two actions taken are A and B. An example is given below: The outcome is a value close to 1 if the tweet contains an high level of syntactically incorrect content. Now  , let us consider the evaluation of assertions which involve the use of the PATH-IS function. No suggestion provided by the spell-checker matches the regular expression generated by aligned outputs  , thus the word is correctly left unchanged. Initial template is constructed based on structure of one page and then it is generalized over set of pages by adding set of operators   , if the pages are structurally dissimilar. Possible patterns of references are enumerated manually and combined into a finite automaton. RELATEDNESS QUERIES RQ A relatedness query is a connected directed graph the nodes and edges of which may be unlabeled and at least one of the edges is labeled with a regular expression over relationship labels. Furthermore  , the OASIS search technique employs a best-first A* search strategy as it descends the suffix tree. A reformulation node is chosen based on a modified form of best-first search. From these  , URLs were extracted using a simple regular expression . Tabuchi et al. In Section 5 we will discuss a possible spectrum of validators . As mentioned before  , the information about the purpose of a website is usually located around the homepage since most publishers want to tell the user what a website is about  , before providing more specific information. Moreover  , the user's query has not been considered and thus the methods cannot be readily applied to microblog search personalization. The heuristic rules allow creating user-defined types. But the problem of automatic regular expression grammar inference is known to be difficult and we generally cannot obtain a regular expression grammar using only positive samples 13  , like in our case. In examples  , we use the short hand a → r to define the rule a  , //a ⇒ r specifying that the children of every aelement should match regular expression r. Example 5. Note that when these values get instantiated they behave as terminals. We have implemented all documented tgrep functions in our engine and have additionally implemented both regular expression matching of nodes and reflection-based runtime specification of predicate functions . Second  , we identify a set of regular expressions that define the set of signal tweets. Obviously there is nothing inherent in each of the factors which determines how heavily each should be weighted  , but this may be established on an experimental basis. We apply  , in order of precedence  , this sequence of regular expressions to each token from the token sequence previously obtained  , giving us the symbol sequence: x1  , . We are still left with the task of finding short coherent chains to serve as vertices of G. These chains can be generated by a general best-first search strategy. For a variable  , we can specify its type or a regular expression representing its value. Recall that the PATH-IS function accepts an argument which is a regular expression  , say R. It turns out that it has an implicit formal parameter s which is a string made up by concatenating integers between 1 and m. Therefore  , the PATH-IS function really denotes the following question: Does s belong to the regular set R ? In other words  , each language described by a regular expression can also be generated by an appropriate grammar G∈C 3 and viceversa . 2 We make our search system publicly accessible for enabling further research on and practical applications for web archives. The composite query is most useful when each Ri represents a specific aspect of the main query M and the individual supporting terms are not directly related. For the non-number entities  , a regular expression is used for each class to search the text for entities. This corresponds to a standard HTML definition of links on pages. result page  , but depending on the scenario more powerful languages may be needed that take the DOM tree structure of the HTML or even the layout of the rendered page into account. Note that we used a similar approach for Gnutella and Kazaa which both use the HTTP protocol for their data transfer. However  , the number of data points that must be examined to find the best match grows exponentially with the number of dimensions in the data. Undoing these requires " physical undo "   , i.e. In fact  , a regular expression may be a very selective kind of syntactical constraint  , for which large fraction of an input sequence may result useless w.r.t. The the main idea is to start checking the constraint since the reading of the input database  , producing for each sequence in the database  , all and only the valid w.r.t. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work on developing a formal model for location-based social search that considers check-in information as well as alternative recommendation. Common uses are to separate table cells  , indent titles  , indent sub-section data rows and to provide a separation between lines of text. The three stages of the Viewpoint Estimator and the Next- Best-View Selection are described in detail in the following. of the measure we want to minimize for configurations inside this cell  , weighted by the average probability for all cells of the graph. The state machine inside the rule is instantiated for different client/server combinations and is the rule's memory. When a temporal constraint is empty  , ordering will be implied by the actual position of the associated predicate in the query sequence. To solve the former  , they use a simple regular expression matching strategy  , which does not scale. the usual queries that a developer would enter in a search engine. View maintenance will be done differently after an update in region Rl than after updates in regions R2 or R3 respectively. If a regular expression matched one or more paragraphs  , those paragraphs were extracted for further feature engineering. XTM provides support for the entire PERL regular-expression set. We then choose context-dependent services that meet the resulting signatures  , i.e. We also performed experiments to understand the effect of contextual and regular expression features; the combined set performs best  , as expected. The authors propose two powerful operators  , called I&-operations  , which are based on regular languages and which define a family of list merging and extracting operations. We describe this operator within the context of web querying  , and illustrate it for querying the DBLP Bibliography and the ACM SIGMOD Anthology. As we can see  , the proposed approach is an order of magnitude faster than the production quality regular expression solution. Permission to copy without fee all or part of this material is granted provided that the copies are not made or distributed for direct commercial advantage  , the VLDB copyright notice and the title of the publication and its date appear  , and notice is given that copying is by permission of the Very Large Data Base Endowment. Also  , a simple path expression may contain a regular expression or " wildcards " as described in AQM + 97. For 2  , the reduction is from DISJOINT PATHS  , whose NP-completeness follows immediately from results in FHw801. Daws' approach is restricted to formulae without nested probabilistic operators and the outcoming regular expression grows quickly with the number of states composing the DTMC n logn . Tradeoff: It identifies and presents results that characterize a tradeoff between the size and sophistication of the search space and the ability of the patch generation system to identify correct patches. The following regular expression describes all possibilities: By continuing in this manner  , an arbitrarily long connection can be sustained. The close correspondence between the search expansion and the suffix tree implies that this step corresponds to exploring all the children of the corresponding suffix tree node. Machine learning systems treat the SBD task as a classification problem  , using features such as word spelling  , capitalization  , sumx  , word class  , etc. Table 2 4. A consequence of this is that all regular expression variables appear in the head of any base rule. For each failing test  , we split the input file into segments comprising 500 lines each. The reason why we just use the directed version of the M-HD is that our goal is to check if a pedestrian similar to the template is in the image  , but the distance measure of the other direction may include the information about dissimilarity between non-pedestrian edges in the environment and our template image so that an unreasonable large amount of undirected M-HD occurs. Once the number has been identified  , it is tagged with a NUMEX tag  , and the type field of this tag is set with the appropriate name Figure 6. We then ran the test concretely with each segment as the input file and compared its result with the result of the known correct version of grep on the same segment and the same regular expression. Regular expressions were developed to pattern match sentence construction for common question types. In particular  , we are working on incorporating shallow semantic parsing of the candidate answers in order to rank them. System B scored best when respondents reacted to the third statement  , about search outcome 24-score mean: 1.46  , and scored almost as well on the first statement 24score mean: 1.50. The XQuery core's approach to support recursive navigation is based on the built-in descendant-or-self function and the internal typing function recfactor as we have already seen in Section 2. design hierarchical measures using the intent hierarchies to solve the problems mentioned above. Finally  , all other numbers are identified with an in-house system based on regular expression grammars. The first step parsed the topic text into a set of relevant string entities and entity types  , the second step expanded entities with synonymous terms  , and the third step created a Boolean query expression from the resulting lists of terms. The regular expression rules are sensitive to text variations and the need for the user to come up with markup rules can limit GoldenGATE's application. Without loss of generality   , we assume that the server name is always given as a single regular expression. In summary  , we have made the following contributions: i A new type of interaction options based on ontologies to enable scalable interactive query construction  , and a theoretical justification about the effectiveness of these options; ii A scheme to enable efficient generation of top-k structured queries and interaction options   , without the complete knowledge of the query interpretation space; iii An experimental study on Freebase to verify the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed approach; iv To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt to enable effective keyword-based query construction on such a large scale database as Freebase  , considering that most existing work on database keyword search uses only test sets of small schemas  , such as DBLP  , IMDB  , etc. The GBRT reranker is by far the best  , improving by over 33% the precision of UDMQ  , which achieved the highest accuracy among all search engines participating in the MQ09 competition. In contrast  , our goal in this paper is to infer the more general class of deterministic expressions . A number of successful approaches from last year inspired our approach for this year ELC challenge 2 were using a two-stage retrieval approach to retrieve entities. In our experiments  , we test the geometric mean heuristicusinga twostageN-best rescoring technique: in the first stage  , the beam search is carried out to identify the top N candidates whose scores are consequently normalized by their word sequence lengths in the second stage. When viewed as a specification pattern  , these rules take the form of the regular expression a + b. During evaluation of this expression  , the descriptor person would only match a label person on an edge. Keywords are not considered to be aliases  , but aliases are considered to be keywords  , and thus the union of the set of alias names and the set of keywords constitutes the keywords for the ADT. Regular expressions would not be able to eliminate the clutter since they are unable to " look-ahead " to provide contextual information. Figure 3depicts an example of a finite automaton for both references to an article in a journal and a book. We are continuing to study alternatives to this basic XPath expression  , such as using regular expressions  , allowing query expansion using synonyms  , and weighting the importance of terms. propose a refinement of the approach presented in 11 for reachability formulae which combines state space reduction techniques and early evaluation of the regular expression in order to improve actual execution times when only a few variable parameters appear in the model. * ?i. designed regular expression types for strings in a functional language with a type system that could handle certain programming constructs with greater precision than had been done before 23. and generating full questions is based on regular expression rewriting rules. Thus  , semantically  , the class of deterministic regular expressions forms a strict subclass of the class of all regular expressions. First  , the extraction rules themselves are expressed in terms of some underlying language that needs to be powerful enough to capture the scenario. Despite its relatively short history  , eXist has already been successfully used in a number of commercial and non-commercial projects. Within the class of heuristic searches  , R* is somewhat related to K-best-first search 20. The typing rules should be improved to deal with precise type expressions as in the previous version of the  With the improvement  , the function body is well- typed. It is well-known that the permutation expression can be compacted a bit to exponential size but no further compaction is possible in regular expression notation. The passages were indexed by Lucene 5. Users rely on search engines not only to return pages related to their search query  , but also to separate the good from the bad  , and order results so that the best pages are suggested first. This problem is generic to any method attempting to solve this problem and is not a reflection of the proposed system. The outcome is that entities which share the same normal form characterized by a sequence of token level regular expressions may all be grouped together. For example  , a query with a regular path expression " chapter3/ */figure " is to find all figure elements that are included in chapter3 elements. In particular  , we 1 revise the definition of previously identified matching degrees and use these to differentiate the usability of a Web service on the goal template level  , 2 present a novel approach for semantic matchmaking on the goal instance level  , and 3 finally integrate the matchmaking techniques for the goal template and the goal instance level. In the remainder of this paper  , Section 2 discusses related work on expert search and association models. If its implementation is such that the least recent state is chosen  , then the search strategy is breadth-first. An SDTD is restrained competition iff all regular expressions occurring in rules restrain competi- tion. Method gives access to the methods provided by a compo- nent. For example  , to identify the DirectConnect protocol we need to perform a regular expression match for: However  , we also know that the first byte of the DirectConnect TCP payload needs to be 36 and the last byte 124. Since deterministic regular expressions like a * define infinite languages  , and since every non-empty finite language can be defined by a deterministic expression as we show in the full version of this paper 9  , it follows that also the class of deterministic regular expressions is not learnable in the limit. The same check applies to every other pair of IP address and port where this certificate is used. The label matching operation is then incorporated into an Match operation to match a path regular expression to paths in the semistructure. To handle the aforementioned challenges  , we propose the Spatiotemporal Search Topic Model SSTM to discover the latent topics from query log and capture their diverse spatiotemporal patterns simultaneously. 3. By carefully managing the layout of the suffix tree in disk blocks  , OASIS can be efficient even on large data sets. It is well known that adding " and " to regular expressions does not increase the expressive power of regular expressions but does permit more compact expressions see Chapter 3 exercises in 7 . Similarly  , node 2 has two children for the two occurrences " B 1 C 1 " and " B 2 F 1 " of the expression " BC|F* " . For the first encounter  , we search the best matching scans. This can be achieved by applying the negative logarithm to the original multiplicative estimator function Eq. This template can be utilized to identify other classes of transaction annotators. However  , there is one important restriction of such XPath views: The XPath expression in the comparison has to be exactly the same as the view XPath expression. In one of the examples we analyzed the vulnerability signature automaton consists of 811 states. Next  , state values and best action choices are updated in a bottom-up manner  , starting from the newly expanded state. For SD the only feature of interest is the objecttext – i.e. While the first question was identical to one of the initial query evaluation questions  , the second contained slight word changes to indicate that subjects should consider their experiences evaluating search results. Transitions t chk0 and t chk1 detect the condition under which the matching cannot continue e.g. For instance  , the regular expression can be applied to extract all IP addresses in email Header to form an artificial sub-document. The resulting 1-best error rates decrease for the first three setups but stays around the same for the third and fourth. Regular path expressions are used to represent substructures in the database. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , structured or semi-structured procedural knowledge has not been studied in the context of task-oriented search as a means to improve search quality and experience. Whereas a lexical search typically results in a user sequentially visiting each result in the text  , the results of a regular expression search on a DPRG are a graph that presents the information separately from its structure in the document. Notice that for k = |E| 2   , the approximate answer is equal to the approximate top-k answer. SCUP combines HTN planning with best-first search that uses a heuristic selection mechanism based on ontological reasoning over the input user preferences  , state of the world  , and the HTNs. One approach for automatic categorization is achieved by deriving taxonomy correspondences from given attribute values or parts thereof as specified via a regular expression pattern. Each print statement has as argument a relational expression   , with possibly some free occurrences of attributes. The resulting  , much smaller  , document set is then examined with a full-power regular expression parser. TREC 2005 was the first year for the enterprise track  , which is an outgrowth of previous years' web track tasks. Answers question page in the search results once seeing it. To the best of our knowledge  , Cupboard is the first system to put together all these functionalities to create an essential infrastructure component for Semantic Web developers and more generally  , a useful  , shared and open environment for the ontology community. NeumesXML is defined by an XML Schema  , which has powerful capabilities for data constraints that XML DTD lacks. prepend d to all structures enumerated above } Figure 4:  with values of constant length. We wrote a parser combinator to parse an SVG path into a sequence of underlying operations . First  , we will study how to choose parameters  , particularly  , the range of frequent k-n-match  , n0 ,n1   , to optimize its performance we will focus on frequent k-n-match instead of k-n-match  , since frequent k-n-match is the technique we finally use to perform similarity search. Both the search engine and the crawler were not built specifically for this application. Gender and ethnicity is extracted using a set of regular expression rules. By analyzing the URLs for the central servers of these 97 MDNs  , ARROW generated 2  , 592 regular expression b ARROW signatures. In this paper  , we present HAWK  , the to best of our knowledge first fullfledged hybrid QA framework for entity search over Linked Data and textual data. Question parsing and generating full questions is based on regular expression rewriting rules. The search for product names starts with the generation of a set of candidate phrases. The operator  , called Topic Closure  , starts with a set X of topics  , a regular expression of metalink types  , and a relation M representing metalinks M involving topics  , expands X using the regular expression and metalink axioms  , and terminates the closure computations selectively when " derived " sideway values of newly " reached " topics either get sufficiently small or are not in the top-k output tuples. The parsers are regular expression based and capable of parsing a single operation. REFERENCE The result shows that the structure completely supports regular expression functions and the Snort rule set at the frequency of 3.68GHz. Synthetic expression generation. The second pass does not use template stepping and is a refinement step to select the best possible SAD from within the 2i by 2i region. Regular path expression. For example  , chapter/section*/title is expressed as a finite automaton and hence structurally recursive functions in Figure 11. Definition 18. This generic representation is called a Navigation Pattern NP. When an aspect is enabled  , the display of any program text matched by the pattern is highlighted with the aspect's corresponding color. Since productionquality detectors need to handle many cases  , the expressions can become more and more complicated. If two different strings occur in the same corresponding positions of two Web pages  , they are believed to be the items to be extracted. The idea behind this rule is as follows: We construct an algebraic expression el representing {To foZ ,/ ?r We download the unique web pages of deleted questions in our experimental dataset and employ a regular expression to extract this information. This research has been co-financed by the European Union European Social Fund ESF and Greek national funds through the Operational Program " Education and Lifelong Learning " of the National Strategic Reference Framework NSRF -Research Funding Program: Heracleitus II. However  , when one knows the primes that make up the program in advance such as with a gotoless programming language  , there is no need to compute the regular expression explicitly . For nugget extraction  , we maintain sentences as the text unit. In this paper we aim to learn from positive and negative user interactions recorded in voice search logs to mine implicit transcripts that can be used to train ASR models for voice queries first contribution . The final output is the quantified expression Q.g re . Instead  , our approach maps a recursive navigation into a function call to a structurally recursive function by means of the translation method presented in 3 for a regular path expression. This section defines restricted classes of templates corresponding to the Chomsky type 1.3 generational grammars 1 : contextsensitive   , context-free  , and regular. In the rest of the paper Σ is a finite alphabet of symbols also called element names. It follows from observation 3.3 that all paths of G correspond to m-coherent chains. If f was neither a proposition nor a structured pattern  , we checked how many content words in f had appeared in previous features. Creative- Work " implies all schema.org children  , such as Book  , Map  , and MusicAlbum. This involves redefining how labels are matched in the evaluation of an expression . Instead of determining the correct grid cell and returning the latitude/longitude of the cell's center  , a text-based twostep approach is proposed in 23: first  , the most likely area is found by a language modeling approach and within the found cell  , the best match images are determined by a similarity search. The default path flags string is " di " . Note that RT  gives us an effective procedure for constructing the transaction automaton. We run each generated crawler over the corresponding Web site of Table 2two more times. The first is Best- First search  , which prioritizes links in the frontier based on the similarity between the query and the page where the link was found. , the descriptors  , the basic building blocks of the regular expression  , are person   , employee  , and name. Operation LaMa is the basis for interpreting regular expressions of descriptors. Value Translation The Format transform applies a function to every value in a column. By considering assignments as production rules and translating the input specification into production rules  , we can obtain the following grammar approximating the output of the program. These keyword-list RegExps are compiled manually from various sources. Contrarily  , the idea behind our solution is to focus on the input dataset and the given regular expression. An anchor element points out the location in a node's content which is source or destination of a link. There is some useless information about patients' personal detail in the last part of each report  , so we also use regular expression to get and delete them. However these tools often require sophisticated specification of the split  , ranging from regular expression split delimiters to context free grammars. In the DOM tree see Figure 2 corresponding to the Web page in Figure 1  , the paths leading to the leaf nodes containing these text strings are α·table·tr·td·font·b·p and α·table·tr·td·p·b·font  , respectively  , where α represents the path string from the root of the DOM tree to the table tag. The first purely statistical approach uses a compiled English word list collected from various available linguistic resources. The generated predicate becomes two kinds of the following. us* as part of a GRE query on a db-graph labelled with predicate symbol r. The following Datalog program P is that constructed from the expression tree of R. Consider the regular expression R = ~1 us . Next  , the Groups property of the object is accessed depending on the value of Success. Notice that  , in all cases  , the numbers in the " Crawling " column are smaller than the numbers in the " Generation " column. In this context  , the ontological reasoning provides a way to compute the heuristic cost of a method before decomposing it. In order to translate an extended selection operation u7 ,ee into a regular algebraic expression  , we have to break down the operation into parts  , thereby reducing the complexity of the selection predicate $. The format of OM regex is consistent with other lexicons in that each entry is composed of a regular expression and associated polarity and strength. With these operations  , the regular expression can be treated just like an arithmetic expression to generate the summary function  , which was done to generate the table of solution templates in Appendix B. Content expressions. Moreover  , these are expressed by the data type and the regular expression of XML schema. Hildebrandt et al. Documents are segmented into sentences and all sentences from relevant documents are used as nuggets in the learning procedure. To avoid ambiguity  , we insist that an atom in a domain specification be mentioned at most once. In addition to finding packets which identify a particular connection as belonging to a particular P2P application the classifier also maintains an accounting state about each TCP connection. This results in a fast determination of the shortest distance paths  , which enable the robot to navigate safely in narrow passages as well as efficiently in open spaces. To date  , no transparent syntactical equivalent counterpart is known. For every group  , a regular expression is identified. This expression can be evaluated to a mathematical formula which represents any arbitrary reachability property. This explains why nodes with regular tags that represent multiple coalesced nodes of the original path tree need to retain both the total frequency and the number of nodes they represent. Each pattern comprises a regular expression re and a feature f . In particular  , the occurrence of the regular expression operators concatenation  , disjunction +  , zero-or-one  ? aGeneralizationa  , b/aSpecializationb  , a: ADT a is an automatic generalization of ADT b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a subexpression of a commuted regular expression that defines the domain for ADT b. Figure 3presents the architecture of the ARROW system. This operation eliminates redundant central servers without compromising their coverage  , and thus reduces the total number of signatures and consequently computationally expensive  , regular expression matching operations. In all  , we collected and analyzed 225 responses from a total of 10 different judges. THEOREM 3.2: Let R be a regular expression over alphabet 0. For the sketched example the regular expression should allow any character instead of the accent leading to the regular expression " M.{1 ,2}ller " instead of solely " Müller " . This is equivalen t to the expression EnterPassword seq BadPassword. Such useful documents may then be ranked low by the search engine  , and will never be examined by typical users who do not look beyond the first page of results. That is  , the derived topic importance values get smaller than a threshold V t or are guaranteed not to produce top-k-ranking output tuples. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first work to apply federated IR techniques in the context of entity search. We conducted experiments with various tf · idf variants and found that the following seems to be suited best for this particular task: Once all chapter3 elements and figure elements are found  , those two element sets can be joined to produce all qualified chapter3-figure element pairs. Attk is a regular expression represented as a DFA. From arbitrary simple XPath expressions e1 and e2  , we can construct an XPath expression e1 ∩ e2 such that for all documents d  , e1d ∩ e2d = e1 ∩ e2d. The core construct of the language is the relational expression   , which is similar to an expression in first-order predicate logic. NER components  , for instance  , might use word structure by means of regular expression patterns or lexicons. In this paper  , we present a novel distributed keyword-based search technique over RDF data that builds the best k results in the first k generated answers. These persistent terms are especially useful for matching navigational queries  , because the relevance of documents for these queries are expected to not change over time. will be POSITION  , which means the position of Cleveland i.e. Given that our system is trained off this data  , we believe we can drastically improve the performance of our system by identifying the blog posts have been effectively tagged  , meaning that the tags associated with the post are likely to be considered relevant by other users. While TagAssist did not outperform the original tag set  , the performance is significantly better than the baseline system without tag compression and case evaluation. An event pattern is an ordered set of strings representing a very simple form of regular expression. The second criterion considers different kinds of relationships between an input query and its suggestions. The second set of experiments were run to determine the best of several search routines and matching functions that could be used to register the long-term and short-term perception maps. In this section we present experimental results for search with explicit and implicit annotations. As Glusta also uses regular expressions when the user needs to specify additional fitness factors as in the HyperCast experiment  , we will investigate optimizations for our regular expression matching also. A control strategy such as that discussed earlier in this section can be put into the ASN as a "first guess'; that can be adjusted according to experience. Given a task-oriented search task represented by query q  , we first retrieve a list of candidate tasks from the procedural knowledge base that mention the query q in either the summary or the explanation. Finally  , a sequence of upper characters in the fullname UN is compared to a sequence of upper characters in the abbreviations. We discretize each parameter in 5 settings in the range 0  , 1 and choose the best-performer configuration according to a grid search. To the best of our knowledge  , this is one of the first query log analyses targeting on expert search. We use the term " summaries " to imply a concise representation of path information as opposed to an enumerated listing of paths. These ngram structures can be captured using the following regular expression: Feature Extraction: Extract word-ngram features where n > 1 using local and global frequency counts from the entire transcript. The inference module also provides an additional testing mechanism to verify the strength of the inferred pointcuts. They address the issue of equivalence decidability of regular path queries under such constraints. Or it may be possible that the required regular expression is too complicated to write. For example  , the user can provide an alternating template representing the regular expression ab *   , a program  , and an alphabet of possible assignments. A string path definition spd is a regular expression possibly containing some variables variable Y indicated by \varY  which appear in some concept predicate of the corresponding rule. One alternative considered in the design of XJ was to allow programmers the use of regular expression types in declarations. One of the interesting results from our human evaluation is the relevance score for the original tags assigned to a blog post. For notational simplicity  , we denote types for element a by terms a i with i ∈ N. As can be seen in Example 2  , rules are now of the form a i → r  , where r is a regular expression over types also referred to as specializations. For example " Müller " can also be spelled as " Muller " or " Mueller " . Furthermore  , to the best of our knowledge  , SLIDIR is the first system specifically designed to retrieve and rank synthetic images. In particular all of the signatures we need to evaluate can be expressed as stringset1. Clearly  , the phone number conventions in US are different than in Sweden  , but also in the UK. , 2  , 4  , 12  , 14 . The whole pedestrian area in RPUM will then be set black to avoid duplicate matching. 19  , it says regular expression matching is a large portion of the Reflexion Model's performance. Another ap- proach 19 is to learn regular expression-like rules for data in each column and use these expressions to recognize new examples. For patterns longer than 50 characters  , this version never reported a match. Note that the empty language ∅ is not allowed as basic expression. The regular expression extractor acts in a similar way as the name extractor. In the rare situation that both Basic-and Extended- Transformers are not applicable i.e. Through a large-scale user study with academic experts from several areas of knowledge  , we demonstrate the suitability of the proposed association and normalization models to improve the effectiveness of a state-of-the-art expert search approach. If there happen to be seven consecutive ups in the history  , SVL will report this single subsequence of length 7 whereas the regular expression would report six different largely overlapping subsequences; there would be three subsequences of length 5  , two subsequences of length 6  , as well as the entire subsequence of length 7. This generates more than 1000 examples positive set in this corpus. , in regular expression specifies that the edge is optional. Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. The size of the regular expression generated from the vulnerability signature automaton can be exponential in the number of states of the automaton 10. The regular expression is a simple example for an expression that would be applied to the content part of a message. Different solutions can be implemented: from regular expression matching to search over predefined areas  , up to advanced templating on the informative content of a page. How to select the best partitions is well-studied * Work done while the author was an Intern at Yahoo! An obvious limitation of this presentation is a lack of context for a sentence matching a query. The first task provides a set of expertdefined natural language questions of information needs also known as TS topics for retrieving sets of documents from a predefined collection that can best answer those questions. Grep takes a regular expression and a list of files and lists the lines of those files that match the pattern . By conjuncting these expressions together  , we obtain a regular expression with conjunctions that expresses permutations and has size On2. Cho and Rajagopalan build a multigram index over a corpus to support fast regular expression matching 9 . The authors showed that in general case finding all simple paths matching a given regular expression is NP-Complete  , whereas in special cases it can be tractable. This means that the server might specify the regular expression deliver sell* destroy sell "   , with suitable restrictions on the sell method's time. We use the notation that af denotes the class in which the field f is declared as an instance variable  , and For read or role transition effects  , we record the starting point and regular expression for the path to the object. The primary ways to invoke the JavaScript interpreter are through script URLs; event handlers  , all of which begin with " on " ; and " <script> " tags. whereas a reference to a book may be represented author  , author  ,  * : " title "   , publisher  , year. In our within-subjects design  , the set of 24 scores for each of the first 4 statements about System A was compared with the corresponding set of 24 scores for each statement about System B. Think of a tool that marks up dates. In this section  , we first describe our experimental setting for predicting user participation in threads in Section 4.1. We apply the concepts of modular grammar and just-in-time annotation to RegExprewrite rules. Any pushdown transducer is conservatively approximated by a transducer that forgets the stack of the pushdown transducer. xtract 31 is another regular expression learning system with similar goals. For the above example  , the developers compute the regular expression once and store it into a variable: Some questions contains more than one noun phrase  , we number these noun phrases according to their orders in the questions. In this section we employ a graph-rewriting approach to transform a SOA to a SORE. Therefore we believe that the required amount of manual work for developers is rea- sonable. The " keyword " problem space's states are all search strings and search results.