Variations to the idea of providing a visual space with objects corresponding to sound files have been proposed in 12 where a heuristic variation of multi-dimensional scaling FastMap is used to map sound objects into an Euclidean space preserving their similarities and in 13 where a growing self-organizing map is used to preserve sound similarities calculated using psychoacoustic measures in order to visualize music collections as a set of islands on a map. Section 3 formally defines the similarity search problem for web services. The queries we did find in the query logs are real  , provide a diversity of topics  , are highly relevant and fall within the common subset of query types supported by the majority of semantic search engines. Figure 3apresents results of the LDF clients without CyCLaDEs. Without such a model  , a search for Hodgkin lymphoma indicating findings is only possible through a search for specific symptoms as e.g. 1 We also extend this approach to the history-rewrite vector space to encourage rewrite set cohesiveness by favoring rewrites with high similarity to each other. Traditional text similarity search methods in the original keyword vector space are difficult to be used for large datasets  , since these methods utilize the content vectors of the documents in a highdimensional space and are associated with high cost of float/integer computation. By applying the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT to the ZMP reference   , the ZMP equations can be solved in frequency domain. It consists of five key phases: the visual similarity graph construction phase Line 1  , the E-construction phase Line 2  , the decomposition phase Line 3  , the summary compression phase Line 4  , and the exemplar summary generation phase Lines 5-9. Indeed  , while the contribution of stop-words  , such as determiners and modals  , can be largely ignored  , unmatched named entities are strong indicators of semantic differences between the query and the document. Cost of Search: What does an average search query cost and what does a response contain ? Search trails are encoded to a string for studying various patterns in the trail. These benchmarks use the DBpedia knowledge base and usually provide a training set of questions  , annotated with the ground truth SPARQL queries. For pro-active search  , the user can explicitly specify a depth search criterion  , like the name of a known author  , a topic of interest or a temporal range. On this basis  , we utilize stochastic gradient descent to conduct the unconstrained optimization. The search strategy-also proposed for multi query optimization 25-that will be applied in our sample optimizer is a slight modification of A*  , a search technique which  , in its pure form  , guarantaes to find the opt ,irnal solution 'LO. The rest of the section elaborates on these measures and how they are used to rank ρ-path associations. By studying the candidates generated by the QA search module  , we find that Yahoo sorted the questions in terms of the semantic similarity between the query and the candidate question title. Based on the bag-of-word representation and tf idf weighting scheme  , we calculated cosine similarity between expanded queries and the contents of resources. Semantic hashing 33  is used in the case when the requirement for the exactness of the final results is not high  , and the similarity search in the original high dimensional space is not affordable . Consider the typical search scenario: a user submits a query to a search engine  , the search engine returns a list of ranked Web pages  , then the user clicks on the pages of interest. We write NCM Y X to denote a neural click model with representation X QD  , QD+Q  , QD+Q+D and configuration Y RNN  , LSTM. Every time the user performs a search  , the search engine returns the results and also updates a cookie that the browser stores on the user's machine with the latest search. First  , existing OWPC is developed for ranking problem with binary values  , i.e. The similarity measure used in the example is Figure 21.2 shows a simple search tree  , a request  , the primary bucket and a set of priorities for the arcs not yet explored. For this we measure the click through percentage of search. We build the search system on top of a proprietary platform for vertical search developed in Yahoo!. A search session is a sequence of user activities that begin with a query  , includes subsequent queries and URL visits  , and ends with a period of inactivity. Information about the author  , title and attribution and preferences  , policies or opinions regarding manipulation of the content by third parties 28  , and transformation rules thereof  , could also be included as semantic hints. In the next section we introduce a novel graph-based measure of semantic similarity. Random data sample selection is crucial for stochastic gradient descent based optimization. To investigate the robustness of this method  , we added the every type ofnoise to the integrated dataset of the three objects and examined rohustness of maps for categorization tasks under that various conditions. We performed a number of experiments on the joined messenger and search data described in the previous section. Then  , tracker will continue to search through fine search for the target with smaller standard deviation and same number of samples. Most of them use the " full text search " technologies which retrieve a large amount of documents containing the same keywords to the query and rank them by keyword-similarity. CN2 consists of two main procedures: the search procedure that performs beam search in order to find a single rule and the control procedure that repeatedly executes the search. A search is an interaction that leads to a result page; a query is a set of terms given by a search. We also showed that it takes more effort from the user to form queries when doing pattern search as compared to similarity search  , but when relevant matches are found they are ranked somewhat higher. Our model is similar to DLESE although the latter does not support an interactive map-based interface or an environment for online learning. search. 36 developed heuristics to promote search results with the same topical category if successive queries in a search session were related by general similarity  , and were not specializations  , generalizations or reformulations. The natural complement  , still under the user-centric view  , are unfamiliar places. Near-duplicate detection is different from other Information Retrieval IR tasks in how it defines what it means for two documents to be " similar " . τ1  , the number of best renderers retrieved at the first iteration: {5} ∪ {10  , 20  , ..  , 100} ∪ {200  , 300  , 400  , 500}. To generate these search results  , the queries were submitted and logged through our proxy server  , which then retrieved and logged the search engine responses and displayed them to the user in the original format. The search sessions were first tested as a re-finding search session  , next as an exploratory search session. For example  , given a " query " user ui  , we recommend items by ranking the predicted ratings V T ui ∈ R n ; when n is large  , such similarity search scheme is apparently an efficiency bottleneck for practical recommender systems 33  , 32. We constructed several term vector representations based on ASR- text. Instead of picking the top document from that ranking  , like in TDI  , the document is drawn from a softmax distribution. This section describes an important when there is an acceleration or deceleration  , the amplitude is greater than a threshold. The CYCLADES system is now available 5 and the SCHOLNET access address will be published soon on the OpenDLib web site 6 . The Arizona Noun Phraser developed at the University of Arizona is the indexing tool used to index the key phrases that appear in each document collected from the Internet by the Internet Spiders. An MPEG-7 description contains low level features to be used for similarity search  , conceptual content descriptions  , usage rights  , creation time information  , etc. cluding all search portal events from a search session  , if there is a search event immediately after a browse event  , we call the tuple {URL  , query} a " browse → search " pattern where URL is the page visited in the browse event and query is extracted from the search event. The effect of such a dimension reduction in keyword-baaed document mpmmmtation and aubeequent self-organizing map training with the compreaaed input patterns is described in 32 . Fig.1illustrates the unified entity search framework based on the proposed integral multi-level graph. This confirms that determining what is the most appropriate search parameter depends greatly on the type of results desired. At last  , all gathered pages are reranked with their similarity. The priority of an arc can now be computed as follows. We would extract those facts as a whole  , noting that they might appear more than once in the abstract  , and then take both fact and term frequency into consideration when ranking the abstracts for relevance. The topics are categorised into a number of different categories  , including: easy/hard topic " difficulty "   , semantic/visual topic " visuality "   , and geographic/general 4. We prepare the experimental data from a search log of a major commercial search engine. Most data visualizations  , or other uses of audio data begin by calculating a discrete Fourier transform by means of a Fast Fourier Transform. Evaluating local search is a challenging problem. The final step mimics user evaluation of the results  , based on his/her knowledge. RQ3. N is the number of stochastic gradient descent steps. In response to a query  , Google Search returns a page of results. Users of search systems in the biomedical domain differ in their searching behavior depending on their prior familiarity with a search topic. An analogous approach has been used in the past to evaluate similarity search  , but relying on only the hierarchical ODP structure as a proxy for semantic similarity 7  , 16. Time series similarity search under the Euclidean metric is heavily I/O bound  , however similarity search under DTW is also very demanding in terms of CPU time. We used term vectors constructed from the ASR text for allowing similarity search based on textual content. Despite this  , our model could be applied in alternative scenarios where the relevance of an object to a query can be evaluated. In response to each query  , the engine returns a search results page. Oyama and Tanaka 11 proposed a topic-structure-based search technique for Web similarity searching. Each UI screen or webpage implements several UI design patterns. The CYCLADES system users do not know anything about the provenance of the underlying content. It uses the ontology structure to determine the relevance of the candidate instances. , textual input  , or visual input  , to indicate the search goal. These feature vectors are used to train a SOM of music segments. Having presented the positive and negative document sets  , we asked him/her Question 3 to obtain a verbalized search intent so that we would know how the subject perceived the search intent conveyed by examples  , which was used to validate to what extent the subject could clearly understand the search intent. This is also the first piece of work which treats the performance and quality issues of textual similarity search in one unified framework. The dropout layer  , Dropout8  , has a dropout probability of 0.5. The comparison between raw-data objects is done in a pixel-by-pixel fashion. where #d is the number of words in d  , || d|| is the norm of vector d and γ is a hyper-parameter that control the strength of regularization. We have used the Google N-grams collection 6   , taking the frequency of words from the English One Million collection of Google books from years 1999 to 2009. Figure 2gives an example of image similarity search. These formulae are used to perform similarity searches. Since the number of parameters is large and there are tremendous amount of training data  , we use stochastic gradient descent SGD to learn the model  , since it is proven to be scalable and effective. While some approaches use special ranking loss layers 10  , we have extended the CNN architecture using a sigmoid layer instead of the softmax layer and a cross entropy loss function. The combined search can be implemented in several ways: To meet that goal  , we analyze the questions in QALD and WebQuestions and find most of them the detail statistics are also on our website mentioned above can be categorized to special patterns shown in Table 2. This text similarity approach is also used in userspecified search queries: A user's query is treated just as another document vector  , allowing matching artifacts to be sorted by relevance based on their degree of similarity to the search query. As a consequence  , there exist a number of dedicated news search engines and many of the major search portals offer a dedicated news search tab. Search history can go back as far as one month. The CWS system is different from traditional search engines conceptually. We validated this principle in a quite different context involving combination of the topical and the semantic dimensions 29. All queries within a search session were assigned the same classification. Additionally  , an user study reveals the acceptance of the Hybrid Search paradigm by end users. Following a typical approach for on-line learning  , we perform a stochastic gradient descent with respect to the   , S i−1 . In this abstract  , we first study the vertical search engines' query log of a commercial search engine to show the importance of blended search problem. b Self-Organizing Map computed for trajectory-oriented data 20. Our system enables users to search for proximate terms. Different from the convention of storing the index of each object with itself  , the LGM stores the knowledge as the links between media objects. These results suggest that certain aspects of the search interface can impact search behavior and also provide a theoretical explanation for this behavior. Indexing different unambiguous representations we were able to reach the retrieval quality of a chemical structure search using a common Google text search. In this paper  , we discussed a new method for conceptual indexing and similarity search of text. Top-k queries also as known as ranking queries have been heavily employed in many applications  , such as searching web databases  , similarity search  , recommendation systems   , etc. For confident corrections  , the search engine can search the corrected query directly. All participants used the same search system which resembled a standard search engine. For a survey of works on search behavior  , see 11. Interested readers are referred to 2. A distinct property of patent files is that all patents are assigned International Patent Classification IPC codes that can be exploited to calculate the similarity between a query patent and retrieved patents in prior art search. Our search engine has access to copies of 3DWare- house and the PSB and can find models by geometric similarity  , original tags  , or autotags. However  , the browsing tool simply required users to think about what might be the main colour and then look in that colour square. Figure 4shows the user interface of our search engine. Section 3 defines the basic problem  , and Section 4 presents an overview of the basic LSH scheme for similarity search. TDCM 15 : This is a two-dimensional click model which emphasizes two kinds of user behaviors. This behavior is quite similar to stochastic gradient descent method and is empirically acceptable. As such they had to construct a strong notion of the form and content of a relevant image  , which one might call their semantic relevance. A depthfirst search strategy has two major advantages. The framework for partition-based similarity search PSS consists of two steps. RQ2 Does the LSTM configuration have better learning abilities than the RNN configuration ? In order to comprehend the behavior of hill climbing under different combinations of search strategies  , we first study the search space for configuration similarity. Also  , as a result of the rich support on the Search Friend II interface  , these higher-level search activities were also exhibited on the known-item search tasks. For example  , our Space Physics application 14 requires the FFT Fast Fourier Transform to be applied on large vector windows and we use OS-Split and OS- Join to implement an FFT-specific stream partitioning strategy. This section describes the assumptions  , and discusses their relevance to practical similarity-search problems. The search tasks they were asked to carry out were: a simple and complex known-item search tasks  , and an exploratory search task. A self-organizing feature map consists of a two-dimensional array of units; each unit is connected to n input nodes  , and contains a ndimensional vector Wii wherein i ,j identifies the unit at location Ci ,jJ of the array. Search Pad is a feature of Yahoo! The autoencoder was found to be computationally infeasible when applied to the described datasets and therefore its retrieval performance is not presented. Another useful search option is offered by video OCR. In our experiment we manipulated four independent variables: image size small  , medium  , large  , relevance level relevant  , not relevant  , topic difficulty easy  , medium  , difficult  , very difficult and topic visuality visual  , medium  , semantic. Each evaluator wrote down his steps in constructing the query. In CyCLaDEs  , we want to apply the general approach of Behave for LDF clients. seek to complete multiple search tasks within a single search session 14  , 15  , 22   , while also taking multiple sessions to finish a single task at times. For the Google and NSDL General Search interfaces  , participants' online behaviors were defined as search whenever the search interface screen was displayed; in these interfaces  , search mainly consisted of keyword generation and submission. One approach 3 utilizes the following inequality that calculates the 1-norm and ∞-norm of each vector: Simdi  , dj ≤ min||di||∞||dj||1  , ||dj||∞||di||1 < τ. Users begin a search for web services by entering keywords relevant to the search goal. Figure 5 shows that performances of CyCLaDEs are quite similar. Figure 6: Similarity between locally popular documents at 2 sites all the search sites taken together. Query-biased similarity also helps the breadth-like browser but to a lesser degree. A related problem is that of document-to-document similarity queries  , in which the target is an entire document  , as opposed to a small number of words for a specific user query. In this section we propose a method to make use of this information by encoding it into a feature weighting strategy that can be used to weight features in a tweet collection to address a topic classification task. We can observe that LSSH can significantly outperform baseline methods on both cross-modal similarity search tasks which verifies the effectiveness of LSSH. these logs  , we extracted search sessions on Google  , Yahoo! A much more convenient way for accessing these collections would be connecting them within a single search interface  , applying the common meta search technique. Some semantic-relevance images that can not be found under the typical visual bag-of-words model were successfully retrieved. The parameters of the LSTM configuration  , i.e. O j could be used for determining the similarity between Boolean search request formulations  , its inherent deficiencies have stimulated further investigation. As a second step  , we propose an efficient search procedure on the resulting PLA index to answer similarity queries without introducing any false dismissals. Wold et al. When ranking a query-document pair q  , d  , NCM LSTM QD uses behavior information from historical query sessions generated by the query q and whose SERPs contain the document d. NCM LSTM QD+Q also uses behavioral information from all historical query sessions generated by the query q  , which helps  , e.g. Similarity measures that are based on co-occurrence in search sessions 24  , 12  , on co-clicks 2  , 10   , or on user search behavioral models 6  , 18  , 9  , 21  , are not universally applicable to all query pairs due to their low coverage of queries  , as long tail queries are rare in the query log. The loss function of an autoencoder with a single hidden layer is given by  , The hidden layer gets to learn a compressed representation of the input  , such that the original input can be regenerated from it. Thus  , we only need to estimate the gradient with a very small subset 10 −4 sample rate is adopted in our method of training pairs sampled from R at each iteration. Here we compare the our results with the result published by QALD-5 10. For the second approach  , we applied the softmax action selection rules. We identify the concepts in a query to feed them to our document search engine  , as it needs to calculate the concept similarity. Extensive research on similarity search have been proposed in recent years. We believe it achieves higher recall without losing precision of retrieval  , because documents usually have much more information than a query. The fully connected hidden layer is and a softmax add about 40k parameters. Bing search engine. The Servo thread is an interrupt service routine ISR which The windows are grouped in two sections: operator windows green softkeys and expert windows blue softkeys. the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. The self-organizing map and related models have been used in a number of occasions for the classification and representation of document collections. Thus it has particular relevance for archaeological cross domain research. On the other hand data is exposed through human or device-based sensors  , it is then crucial that real-time semantic conversion can be supported. However  , on QALD-2  , whose queries are questions such as 'Who created Wikipedia'  , simple text similarity features are not as strong. We identify the following important similarity search queries they may want to pose: The challenge for CBIR systems therefore is to provide mechanisms for structuring browsing in ways that rely upon the visual characteristics of images. In case of fielded search users can search for pictures by expressing restrictions on the owner of the pictures  , the location where they were taken  , their title  , and on the textual description of the pictures. Another problem is DRs that are irrelevant for the search  , but still get a high similarity value. We show that the distance between ORN graphs is an effective measurement of image semantic similarity. Each state has the following exponential family emission distributions: 1 A multinomial distribution emitting the relevance of the line  , r. This distribution is fixed; for each state one of the probabilities is one and the other is zero. This paper attempts to extract the semantic similarity information between queries by exploring the historical click-through data collected from the search engine. Figure 7shows clearly that CyCLaDEs is able to build two clusters for both values of profile size. In addition to the query-term most collections permit the specification of search concepts to limit the search to a certain concept. When applying a table search query to the popular search engines  , we observe that a flood of unwanted and sometimes unsolicited results will be returned. Gray scale indicates computed relevance with white most relevant. a free-text search query  , Lucene searches its index to find all matched resources  , and given an advanced search query  , Sesame searches for instances from its ontology repository. These feature vectors are further used for training a Self-Organizing Map. We propose four types of queries for chemical formula search: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. 3 or Eqn. An interesting application of relational similarity in information retrieval is to search using implicitly stated analogies 21  , 37. F@re 6 shows in fact a highly similar classification rum .dt  , in that the various documents are arranged within the two-dimensional output space of the self-organizing map m concordance with their mutual fictional similarity. Query-biased similarity aims to find similar documents given the context of the user's search and avoid extraneous topics. During search  , our distributed search component accesses different databases depending on whether the user is a lay person or a physician. Fast Fourier Transform. 'Organic search' is the classic search where users enter search terms and search engines return a list of relevant web pages. Jing et al. Using this method  , users can perform similarity search over the graph structure  , shared characteristics  , and distinct characteristics of each recipe. In 2005  , sponsored search was a $12 billion industry for the four largest search engines 6. SimilarDocument notion of similarity : Formalize the notion of similarity between Web documents using an external quality measure. An autoencoder can also have hidden layer whose size is greater than the size of input layer. The emergence of multi-tasking behavior within a single search session makes it particularly complex to use user information from search sessions to personalize the user's search activity. Because Hogwild! This situation poses a serious obstacle to the development of Web-scale content similarity search systems based on spatial indexing. Based on the RecipeView prototype system  , we have tested the precision /recall based on our method compared to another graph matching approach MCS. Finally  , we evaluate the relevance of identified semantic sets to a given query and rank the members of semantic sets accordingly. one searcher had two search sessions are defined and used in this paper as a user session. For some search sessions  , the fact of switching can be easily detected  , for instance via a web browser maintained by a search engine  , a browser toolbar or search logs e.g. When many records are retrieved in a search more than 40  , formula 2 is used to identify the terms to use for reformulating the search. This makes each optimization step independent of the total number of available datapoints. 4. Our topic segmentation method allows to better estimate the relevance compared to the request The search latency was controlled by using a clientside script that adjusted search latency by a desired amount of delay. In this paper we proposed Facetedpedia  , a faceted search system over Wikipedia. This search task simulates the information re-finding search intent. In search engine and community question answering web sites we can always find candidate questions or answers. An extreme case is that hyperplanes ω 1 ,2 and ω 2 ,3 are almost perpendicular on the definition search data i.e. where w i is the hypothesis obtained after seeing supervision S 1   , . We use Live Search to retrieve top-10 results. We hence disambiguate Wiki entries by measuring the similarity between the entires and the topics mentioned in the search queries. once the shortcomings mentioned in Section 6.2 are addressed  , we will evaluate our approach on a larger scale  , for example using the data provided by the second instalment of the QALD open challenge  , which comprises 100 training and 100 test questions on DBpedia  , and a similar amount of questions on MusicBrainz . Finally  , we rank the suggestions based on their similarity with user's profiles. The cost function used during this search uses the following factors: 1. Relational feature generation is a search problem. The second application is in content-based image search  , where it may suffice to show a cached image that is similar to a query image; independent of our work  , Falchi et al. The highest P@3 for IFM is clocked at 0.794  , which is comparable to the 0.801 achieved by QR4. – Example Search Terms: " Metallica " – Description: A user wants to search Flickr for images relating to a specific music artist. In addition to simple keyword searches  , Woogle supports similarity search for web services. Subjects provided demographic information and information about prior search experience and attitudes in a preexperiment questionnaire. However  , due to the well recognized semantic gap problem 1  , the accuracy and the recall of image similarity search are often still low. Each document that contains a match is included in the search result. There are no semantic or pragmatic theories to guide us. We implement two alternative approaches to accomplish this. While CueFlik allows users to quickly find relevant search results and reuse rules for future searches it does not allow users to organise search results or to maintain old search results and carry out new searches  , unlike ViGOR. For the strict relevance criterion  , the recall improved by 18% 0.048 to 33.2% 103 exactly correct definitions   , and the precision declined only slightly with 420 false positives to 19.7% F1 24.7%. In the post-task interviews our participants identified using the search features based on the attributes of the search task they were undertaking  , or as a result of their search habits  , and in some cases as a fallback mechanism when the search box and search results failed to help them find relevant information. The existing test-driven reuse approaches make signature matching a necessary condition to the relevance and matching criteria: a component is considered only if it offers operations with sufficiently similar signatures to the test conditions specified in the original test case. By converting real-valued data features into binary hashing codes  , hashing search can be very fast. In the context of the TREC Interactive Task  , discussions of nuance and specificity centered on the semantic relations hyponymy and hypernymy 5 . , SH and AGH  , we randomly sample 3000 data points as the training set; for the point-wise supervised method SSH  , we additionally sample 1000 data points with their concept labels; for the list-wise supervised methods i.e. The technique also results in much lower storage requirements because it uses a compressed representation of each document. Search API. , a sequence of partial formulae si with a specific ranges i   , e.g. This could be done by assigning weights to Semantic Associations based on the contextual relevance and then validating only those associations with a high relevance weight. We view the similarity metric as a tool for performing search across this structured dataset  , in which related entities that are not directly similar to a query can be reached via a multi-step graph walk. Marginal citations are detected by semantic links between two homogeneous entities. The support for internal search was addressed by utilizing a domain specific vocabulary on different levels of the employed search mechanisms. Our results show that we can clearly outperform baseline approaches in respect to correctly linking English DBpedia properties in the SPARQL queries  , specifically in a cross-lingual setting where the question to be answered is provided in Spanish. These advertisements appear in a dedicated area of the search results page  , each one in a particular fixed subarea  , or slot. However  , these are not the only concepts learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . where H is the set of search result positions the user hovered over  , and V is the set of all search results shown when the user scrolled. Otherwise  , pattern search would be a generalized form of the similarity search approach  , which makes it hard to compare them. Moreover  , we cannot deal with the above issues considering only content similarity. The quality of a search is defined as probability of the event that user clicks on a search result presented to her as the answer to the search. The semantic match relies on the classification of pages and ads into a 6000 nodes commercial advertising taxonomy to determine their topical distance. The image search logs were collected in the first two weeks of Nov. 2012. The purpose of this search procedure is to locate points on the object's surface which are suitable places to position the robot's fingers . The stated comfort with search modes and the perceived effective strategies matched the performance discussed above. The gradient has a similar form as that of J1 except for an additional marginalization over y h . As shown in Fig. This view is a demonstration of relational search 8  , where the idea is not to search for objects but associative relation chains between objects. With this choice  , additional search terms with similarity 1 to all the terms in the query get a weight of 1  , additional search terms with similarity O to all the terms in the query get a weight of O. In this paper  , we discuss a new method for conceptual similarity search for text using word-chaining which admits more efficient document-to-document similarity search than the standard inverted index  , while preserving better quality of results. To help image search  , query formulation is required not only to be convenient and effective to indicate the search goal clearly  , but also to be easily interpreted and exploited for the image search engine. In all conditions  , the search system displayed a spinning wheel when it was busy. Second  , we want to consider other types of 1 user action  , e.g. Thus  , specific terms are useful to describe the relevance feature of a topic. Stochastic gradient descent SGD methods iteratively update the parameters of a model with gradients computed by small batches of b examples. Furthermore  , Villa and Halvey 21 showed a relationship between mental effort and relevance levels of judged documents. Holmes et al. We also introduced several query models for chemical formula search  , which are different from keywords searches in IR.  A simple yet expressive query language combines concept-aware keyword-based search with abstraction-aware similarity search and contextaware ranking. We assume that the answer patterns in our pattern matching approach express the desired semantic relationship between the question and the answer and thus a document that matches one of the patterns is likely to be supportive . Our group has begun the use of these similarity measures for visualizing relationships among resources in search query results 13. This allows flexible matching of expressions but in a controlled way as distinct from the similarity ranking where the user has less control on approximate matching of expressions. We describe a detailed experimental evaluation on a set of over 1500 web-service operations. Of special relevance to the fulfillment of the Semantic Web vision is automating KA from text and image resources. Search trails originate with a directed search i.e. In this paper  , we address the problem of similarity search in large databases. Most of the techniques to perform text search fall into two categories. In fact  , a user may have received trending search content but that may be too old to include the search result the user clicked on when doing the actual search  , so a case like this would be recorded as a cache miss. The data showed that users clicked mainly on the search box presumably to enter a search term and also on the search button presumably to initiate a search. The Dienst protocol provides two functions for querying a collection: Simple Search and Fielded Search. While the similarity is higher than a given threshold  , Candidate Page Getter gathers next N search results form search engine APIs and hands them to Similarity Analyzer. At the bottom of the screen  , YES/NO buttons allow users to submit a relevance judgement for this map/query pair. Smoothing techniques can improve the search result. But that comes with the condition of a context-dependent quality and relevance of established associations i.e. Second  , some verticals have a search interface through which users directly search for vertical content. Approximate-match based dictionary lookup was studied under the context of string similarity search in application scenarios such as data cleaning and entity extraction e.g. In this step  , if any document sentence contributes only stop words for the summary  , the matching is cancelled since the stop words are more likely to be inserted by humans rather than coming from the original document. The bottom-most RBM of our model  , which models the input terms  , is character-level variant of the replicated softmax RSM model presented in 28  for documents . , a group of people who use a special-interest Web portal or work together could enhance search. User is defined to have weak recovered or just recovered if she does a search with non zero recall after the zero-recall search. Search sessions comprised queries  , clicks on search results  , and pages visited during navigation once users left the search engine. Stack Search Maximizing Eq. As a result  , a local search produces a ranked list of entities from a local search business database; for ease of notation  , we will refer to these entities as businesses in the following  , as these are the most common form of local search results. The services determine a ranked list of domain-specific ontologies considerable for reuse based on string similarity and semantic similarity measures  , such as synonyms in 4 also on manual user evaluations of suggested ontologies. one search episode is unrelated to any subsequent search episodes. Figure 1depicts the architecture of our semantic search approach. Specifically  , datasets involved in our experiments consist of text and images  , and we use text as query to search similar images and image as query to search similar texts. Typically sponsored search results resemble search result snippets in that they have a title  , and a small amount of additional text  , as in Figure 1. , 18  , 17 or topic model based retrieval models e.g. A third of the participants commented favorably on the search by similarity feature. Thus the approximated objective function is: To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood. A single search interface is provided to multiple heterogenous back-end search engines. The goal of this section is to illustrate why similarity search at  , high dimensionality is more difficult than it is at low dimensionality. Moreover  , we aim to integrate HAWK in domain-specific information systems where the more specialized context will most probably lead to higher F-measures. Minhash was originally designed for estimating set resemblance i.e. As a search strategy  , A* search enriched by ballooning has been proposed. A second heuristic search strategy can be based on the TextRank graph. The program correctly identified the semantic closeness between the following two context vectors the two context vectors have a distance of 0.03012 – the relative large value means they are close: Note that the two contexts have only one overlapping words. These are very significant challenges  , especially for transportable systems which are based on theoretical idealizations of language  , not the kind of slop that real users use. Then  , we calculate the macro-average value for each unique pair of queries across all search sessions. the class name  , is shown at the respective position in the figure. The work is motivated jointly by a need to have search logs available to researchers outside of large search companies and a need to instill trust in the users that provide search data. By using our compression scheme for the whole text  , direct search can be done over each block improving the search time by a factor of 8. For a given Latent Semantic Space In similarity search 14 the basic idea is to find the most similar objects to a query one i.e. The integrated search is achieved by generating integrated indices for Web and TV content based on vector space model and by computing similarity between the query and all the content described by the indices. Fortunately  , hashing has been widely shown as a promising approach to tackle fast similarity search 29. the binding pro- cess. However  , some studies suggest that different methods for measuring the similarity between short segments of text i.e search queries and tags 9  , 12. Despite the success  , most existing KLSH techniques only adopt a single kernel function. In particular  , for each input attribute  , we first search for its " representative  , " which is an indexed attribute in the thesaurus with the highest similarity score above a predefined threshold. In previous work we have shown how to use structural information to create enriched index pages 3 . The results of the rating question on relevance suggested that users believed the returned sets were not always semantically relevant. Last for RL4 they use the past queries and the clicked url titles to reform the current query  , search it in indri  , then calculate the similarity between current query and documents. In this part  , we investigate the overall user search behavior change with regard to the change of the search environment with a deliberate setback. We discuss three issues in this section. Thus  , we can save some cost on similarity search. where sc is the vector-space similarity of the query q with the contents of document d  , sa is the similarity of q with the anchor text concatenation associated with d  , and s h is the authority value of d. Notice that the search engine ranking function is not our main focus here. One solution is search engines like Google  , which make it easy to find papers by author  , title  , or keyword. Their strategies focus on: creating a hierarchical taxonomy using a tree to find representations of generic intents from user queries 15  , examining bias between users' search intent and the query generated in each search session 11  , or investigating query intent when users search for cognitive characteristics in documents 12 . Incipit searching  , a symbolic music similarity problem  , has been a topic of interest for decades 3. Since the goal is to offer only high quality suggestions  , we only need to find pairs of queries whose similarity score is above a threshold. A version of the corpus is annotated with various linguistic information such as part-of-speech  , morphology  , UMLS semantic classes. In this paper   , we describe a query parser between ASR and Search. In particular  , it has been possible to: -simply organize the different user communities  , allowing for the different access rights. The encoding procedure can be summarized as: Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input  , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. However  , we know that these methods didn't provide a perfect pruning effect. etfidf: This simple baseline is to use cosine similarity between query and resources in tfidf scheme. For queries that have homogeneous visual concepts all images look somewhat alike the proposed approach improves the relevance of the search results. Max-Miner 2 uses a heuristic bottom-up search to identify frequent patterns as early as possible. We present our applied approach  , detailed system implementation and experimental results in the context of Facebook in Section 6. For example  , one scientist may feel that matching on primary structure is beneficial  , while another may be interested in finding secondary structure similarities in order to predict biomolecular interactions 16. We exploit the supervision information on the labeled target language data set At to directly tune the target language SAE. From interaction logs we extracted search sessions. Dupret and Lalmas 17 use times between search engine visits to compare two versions of a search engine. In this paper  , we presented HAWK  , the first hybrid QA system for the Web of Data. To test the effectiveness of browse plus search functionality   , we designed and conducted a series of experiments on three search modes. Note that although the current version of NL-Graphs has been tested with DBpedia  , it can be easily configured to query other datasets. Assume a scoring function exists ϕ· exists that calculates the similarity between a query document q and a search result r. We then define a set of ranking formulas Ψϕ  , T  that assign scores to documents based on both the similarity score ϕ and the search result tree T produced through the recursive search. The unweighted veriosn of cluster recall RU is defined as the percentage of distinct semantic clusters that are represented in the generated timeline out of the judged semantic clusters. The only difference is that the user has the option of creating a text search within a particular node. Another possibility to measure the relevance of the covered terms may be reflected by using independent semantic techniques. We also presuppose that the search proceeds in the following manner: Thus  , the search time is relatively longer than in a search from a keyword-based database. Search VS. Graph-Driven Search. We propose new document-based similarity measures to quantify the similarity in the context of multiple documents containing τ . In exploratory tasks users are often uncertain how to formulate search queries 8 either because they are unfamiliar with the search topic or they have no clear search goals in mind. First one  , we transform the data into Frequency domain utilizing the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , obtain the derivative using the Fourier spectral method  , and perform inverse FFT to find the derivative in real time domain. A standard approach to optimize search and query in the vocabulary is to maintain a tree-based data structure 17– 19. 4.2.1. We extended the LDF client 2 with the CyCLaDEs model presented in Sect. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that incorporates tight lower bounding and upper bounding distance function and DWT as well as triangle inequality into index for similarity search in time series database. The basic search technique is a form of heuristic search with the state of the search recorded in a task agenda. We introduce an experimental platform based on the data set and topics from the Semantic Search Challenge 9  , 4 . The RBMs are stacked on top of each other to constitute a deep architecture. To make sure that SDM-CA is not overfit  , we run SDM using a standard weighting scheme 0.8  , 0.1  , 0.1 and got very close results with respect to MAP – 0.258 on SemSearch ES  , 0.196 on ListSearch  , 0.114 on INEX-LD  , 0.186 on QALD-2  , and 0.193 on the query set including all queries. Instead of evaluating every distinct word or document during each gradient step in order to compute the sums in equations 9 and 10  , hierarchical softmax uses two binary trees  , one with distinct documents as leaves and the other with distinct words as leaves. Therefore  , these desktop tools are starting to reach a much larger user base. The LSH Forest can be applied for constructing mainmemory   , disk-based  , parallel and peer-to-peer indexes for similarity search. Currently  , our similarity search for pages or passages is done using the vector space model and passage-feature vectors. At present  , we provide two search modes: quick search  , which takes free text queries  , and advanced search  , which takes more complex predicates. as in Table 1  , represent a broader  , less structured category of search behavior. This component uses a set of search tecbniques to find collision-free paths in the search space.  Extensive experiments have been done to evaluate the proposed similarity model using a large collection of click-through data collected from a commercial search engine. The relevance value of a document with respect to " pimo:Person " is dynamically measured as the aggregated relevance value of that document with respect to all instances of the concept " pimo:Person " in the PIMO ontology. Stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization . RQ6 a. Besides  , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 37 is the bit allocation optimization step to find the parameter b1  , . Broad match candidates are found by calculating cosine similarity between the context query vector the content ad vectors. The optimal weights of FSDM indicate increased importance of bigram matches on every query set  , especially on QALD-2. The WebDAV Search protocol introduces the SEARCH request enabling server-side searching. 23 is one of a classic heuristic searching method. For both tasks  , we use browsing-search pairs to evaluate . The authors employ a wide range of features to rank emails  , in a Figure 1: Guided Search: Spell-Correct  , Fuzzy person search  , Auto-complete learning to rank framework. Note that the value of local features may be larger than 1 as the activation function used in the autoencoder is ReLU for better sparsity. Our work is significantly different from the research on repeated search results since our targeting recommendation domain is fundamentally different with the search domain where the latter needs users' search queries to drive users' click behaviors. , πn is the value of the g minus the tax numeraire  , given by: uic = vig − πi. Top PZR search trail is done by a novice user whereas the lower PZR search trail is done by a power user. . We have decided to adopt a known solution proposed for search engines in order to have more realistic results in the experiments. The search for collision-free paths occurs in a search space. The proposed method provides:  Simultaneous search for Web and TV contents that match with the given keywords  ,  Search for recorded TV programs that relate to the Web content being browsed  Search for Web content or other TV programs that relate to the TV programs being watched. A pair of concepts is a mapping suggestion if the similarity value is equal to or higher than a given threshold value. The anomaly score is simply defined as autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. The vector representation of trails allows us to use the Cosine similarity measure to compute similarity between any two given trails. Precision is defined as gcd/gcd+bcd and recall is defined as gcd/gcd+gncd were gcd is the number of documents belonging to the collection that are found  , bcd is the number of documents that do not belong to the collection that are found also called false positives and gncd is the number of documents belonging to the collection that are not found also called false negatives. First we create original intent hierarchies OIH by manually grouping the official intents based on their semantic similarity or relatedness. User search interests can be captured for improving ranking or personalization of search systems 30  , 34  , 36 . The CM-PMI measure consists of three steps: search results retrieval  , contextual label extraction and contextual label matching. Although jaccard similarity is not a metric of search performance  , it can help us analyze the novelty of search results. Meta-search engine allows a user to submit a query to several different search engines for searching all at once. It provides complementary search queries that are often hard to verbalize. In particular  , we measure the similarity between two categories Cai and Car as the length of their longest common prefix P Cai  , Car divided by the length of the longest path between Cai and Car. To achieve this we sampled at 1537 samples 95% confidence for % 5  of error estimate and identified whether new samples with high similarity added any new interesting search terms. Most search systems used in recent years have been relational database systems. Data augmentation  , in our context  , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. With the availability of massive amount of click-through data in current commercial search engines  , it becomes more and more important to exploit the click-through data for improving the performance of the search engines. It is computationally infeasible to generate the similarity graph S for the billions of images that are indexed by commercial search engines. Experimental results organizing an archive of MP3 music are presented in Section 4  , followed by some conclusions as well as an outlook on future work in Section 5. As Gupta et al 10 comment the most successful systems are those which an organizing structure has been imposed on the data to give it semantic relevance. Federated search is the approach of querying multiple search engines simultaneously  , and combining their results into one coherent search engine result page. This similarity notion is based on functional dependencies between observation variables in the data and thereby captures a most important and generic data aspect. After a document has been chosen it is removed from all rankings it occurs in and all softmax distributions are renormalized. The possible worlds semantics  , originally put forward by Kripke for modal logics  , is commonly used for representing knowledge with uncertainties. This na¨ıvena¨ıve approach to construct the mini-batches for stochastic gradient descent has two main drawbacks. Therefore  , every word is determined a most likely document tion. Web graphs represent the graph structure of the web and constitute a significant offline component of a search engine. Add items to the search engine indices. The MI- LOS XML database supports high performance search and retrieval on heavily structured XML documents  , relying on specific index structures 3 ,14  , as well as full text search 13  , automatic classification 8  , and feature similarity search 15 ,5 . There exists rich research on search in social media community   , such as friend suggestion user search  , image tagging tag search and personalized image search image search. Each search result can be a new query for chain search to provide related content. ads that do not appear in search sessions. , classes  , subclasses  , to the best of our knowledge our work is the first in exploiting such a variety of automatically extracted semantic content i.e. Pincer- Search 4 uses a bottom-up search along with top-down pruning. In addition  , search cost is not proportional to dissimilarity . The prestige of the journal article was used to increase relevance because they believed that a journal that was highly recognized for accurate information would be more likely to contain a document relevant to the query. Additionally  , we plan to experiment with re-ranking the results returned by the Lucene search engine using cosine similarity in order to maintain consistency with the relevance similarity method used in scenario A. These results demonstrate that our system can achieve close to the best scores for a few number of topics simply because we could not implement the semantic similarity measure to compute the tweet relevance due to time complexity limitation. For example  , in our current semantic test-bed developed for open access and use by the Semantic Web research community  , SWETO 3 Semantic Web Technology Evaluation Ontology detailed in 2  , there are over 800 ,000 entities and 1.5 million explicit relationships among them. GA is a robust search method requiring little information to search in a large search space. To examine the quality of the IDTokenSets  , we compare our proposed document-based measures with the traditional string-based similarity measure e.g. SOM 14Self Organizing Map or SOFM Self Organizing Feature Map shares the same philosophy to produce low dimension from high dimension. The SCSF model is a further extension  , presented in Section 3.2.2. Recognition of session boundary using temporal closeness and probabilistic similarity between queries. σ· = 1 1+e −· is a known as a sigmoid/logistic function. This will provide the user with a selectable level of computing effort  , so he/she can trade off computing time with level of assurance of the optimality of the plan. Buse and Wiemer 10 discuss that the answers of existing code search engines are usually complicated even after slicing. In this paper  , we focus on ranking the results of complex relationship searches on the Semantic Web. The approach relies on a classifier to suggest the topperforming engine for a given search query  , based on features derived from the query and from the properties of search result pages  , such as titles  , snippets  , and URLs of the top-ranked documents . The aim of this work is to provide developers and end users with a semantic search engine for open source software. 2007 10 use search engines to get the semantic relatedness between words. We offer this description to demonstrate that evidence gleaned from pseudo-queries could have non-temporal applications  , calling the induced model R a document's " semantic profile. " Figure 1 shows a truncated example page of Google Search results for the query " coughs. " Of the 50 training questions provided by the QALD benchmark   , 11 questions rely on namespaces which we did not incorporate for predicate detection: FOAF 8 and YAGO 9 . Once participants completed the practice task  , those with a task time limit were shown the instructions in Figure 1before being presented with their first search task. In conclusion  , this paper has put forward some of the hard questions the semantic Web needs to answer  , examined some of the pitfalls that may occur if they are not addressed  , and explained the relevance of the symbol grounding problem for the kinds of semantic interoperability issues commonly encountered. CNNs are powerful classifiers due to their ability to automatically learn discriminative features from the input data. Image search engines often present a query interface to allow users to submit a query in some forms  , e.g. The user can search for the k most similar files based on an arbitrary specification. , 1975. In this paper we present the architecture of XMLSe a native XML search engine that allows both structure search and approximate content match to be combined with In the first case structure search capabilities are needed  , while in the second case we need approximate content search sometime also referred as similarity search. by similarity to a single selected document. Search interfaces of specialized Web-Collections offer individual search options to facilitate access to their documents. Therefore  , we used a distributed search framework in order to simulate a single search index. The probability of observing the central sentence s m ,t given the context sentences and the document is defined using the softmax function as given below. By better modeling users' search targets based on personalized music dimensions  , we can create more comprehensive similarity measures and improve the music retrieval accuracy. In the sequel  , we discuss indexing the reduced PLA data to speed up the retrieval efficiency of the similarity search. A challenge in multi-database mining is a semantic heterogeneity among multiple databases because usually no explicit foreign key/link relationships exists among them. The probability of observing the context word v given the pivot word w is defined by the softmax function: The learning goal is to maximize the ability of predicting context words for each pivot word in the corpus. The LSTM transition functions are defined as follows: These gates collectively decide the transitions of the current memory cell ct and the current hidden state ht. The score is treated as a distance metric defined on the manifold   , which is more meaningful to capturing the semantic relevance degree. Each iteration of the stochastic gradient descent in PV-DBOW goes through each word exactly once  , so we use the document length 1/#d to ensure equal regularizations over long and short documents. Standard feature selection methods tend to select the features that have the highest relevance score without exploiting the semantic relations between the features in the feature space. While other ontology-based IR approaches typically builds only on terminological knowledge e.g. 2 A Viterbi distribution emitting the probability of the sequence of words in a sentence. Two aspects of the new system can be underlined: the features are extracted without needing a specific key-pass phase  , and these extracted features belong to three different domains: time  , frequency  , and time-frequency more details about them in 1. And a tag-tag visual similarity matrix is formulated by the propagated tag relevance from trustable images in Section 2.2. In a Recursive search  , on the other hand  , clients delegate control to other servers-this is illustrated in Fig- ure 4. Since local similarity search is a crucial operation in querying biological sequences  , one needs to pay close to the match model. time criteria. A similarity measure between a page and a query that reflects the distance between query terms has been proposed in the meta-search research field 12. We do this in an automatic way by detecting named entities that can represent temporal queries for performing temporal search experiments. The performance conditions are shown in For each search result viewed  , subjects were asked two questions: A possible problem of the RNN configuration is the vanishing and exploding gradient problem described by Bengio et al. Consider for example an interaction logic implemented as JSP bean or Javascript  , etc. C-Search can be positioned anywhere in the semantic continuum with syntactic search being its base case  , and semantic search being the optimal solution  , at the moment beyond the available technology. We show that our approach improves retrieval performance compared to vector space-based and generative language models  , mainly due to its ability to perform semantic matching 34. Similar to 38  , we add an additional softmax layer upon the target language SAE that outputs the sentiment labels of the target language data. Based on the assumption that users prefer those tweets related to the profile and popular in social media  , we consider social attributes as follow  ,  Then  , the semantic score and quality score are utilized to evaluate the relevance and quality of a tweet for a certain profile. Among them hash-based methods were received more attention due to its ability of solving similarity search in high dimensional space. Based on these observations  , we proposed three measures namely degree of category coverage DCC  , semantic word bandwidth SWB and relevance of covered terms RCT. Then the initial query is divided into several queries for different search focus. Trails can contain multiple query iterations  , and must contain pages that are either: search result pages  , visits to search engine homepages  , or connected to a search result page via a hyperlink trail. We also evaluated the response time for similarity name search  , illustrated in Figure 11. SAXException is not thrown by any of the resolvable methods in the test scenario; therefore  , the functionality being sought should throw that exception . Phone 1 can make a call from a phone book  , while Phone 2 cannot. Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design  , and they do not have single  , clear semantics. The richness of the SemRank relevance model stems from the fact that it uses a blend of semantic and information theoretic techniques along with heuristics to determine the rank of In this way  , a user can easily vary their search mode from a Conventional search mode to a Discovery search mode based on their need. The differences between the neural click models can be explained as follows. An online demonstration of the search capabilities of the system is available at http://simulant.ethz.ch/Chariot/. However  , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D still discriminates most other ranks we find this by limiting the set of query sessions  , which are used to compute the vector states sr  , to query sessions generated by queries of similar frequencies and having a particular set of clicks. An important conceptional distinction in time series similarity search is between global and partial search. Boolean operators and uncertainty operators have to be evaluated in a different way from the evaluation of semantic operators. Recently  , Question Answering over Linked Data QALD has become a popular benchmark. Recently  , some search engines started showing related search keywords in the bottom of the result page. This is not a very restrictive assumption since we use stochastic gradient descent which requires to take small steps to converge. However  , if one accepts a decrease in recall  , the search can be dramatically accelerated with similarity hashing. For example  , Xiang et al. Our method was more successful with longer queries containing more diverse search terms. In the first step  , the original search query text is submitted to a search engine API and request for N returned documents. Development of a universal chemical search engine  , that could search by both text and substructures  , is a challenging problem. A keyword search box is arguably the simplest one to use and is often the default search interface. Thus  , in this section  , we discuss the actor similarity module and the implementation of the SNDocRank module. At that point  , a search interface as in Figure 2appeared  , which was to be used for submitting all search queries. , " Microsoft "  and the partial address  " New York  , NY "   , individually  , the combined query has much fewer high-similarity matches. , " who created wikipedia ? " The Semantic Gap problem was commented upon by the subjects of both studies. Finally  , Yahoo built a visual similarity-based interactive search system  , which led to more refined product recommendations 8. Figure 3billustrates the similarity achieved as a function of the number of attempts for the above query set 9 variables and dataset density 0.5 combination. their cosine similarity is almost zero. A reliable search method would achieve an acceptable search most of the time. The SemSets method 7 proposed for entity list search utilizes the relevance of entities to automatically constructed categories i.e. Links are labeled with sets of keywords shared by related documents. A query usually provides only a very restricted means to represent the user's intention. study 16 shows that such similarity is not sufficient for a successful code example search. Finally  , as a result of these first two steps  , the " cleaned " database can be used as input to a Self-Organizing Map with a " proper " distance for trajectories visualization. It uses estimates of the distance to the goal to search efficiently . 2 is minimized. A Graphical User Interface GUI in MATLAB has been designed to implement our propo:sed method. Fast Fourier Transform FFT has been applied to get the Fourier transform for each short period of time. Journal Search. All combinations of independent variables were presented  , with each combination of topic 3 visuality x 4 difficulty being presented randomly  , and then for each topic all combinations of image size and relevance level 3 sizes x 2 relevance levels were presented randomly as a block. Their system is a type of meta-search engine and requires users to explicitly select a community before search activities are conducted. If a relevant video was located on the first page or so of search results  , then it was selected for viewing; otherwise  , another search was entered. Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. The initial results presented here suggest that a faceted search interface can improve the degree of exploration in broad search tasks. 11 look at intent-aware query similarity for query recommendation. Because the vast majority of property labels are of English origin  , we could not apply this baseline to Spanish QALD-4 data. For each example  , a judge is asked to infer the user's search intent based on qt as well as the context c. Then , Some possible fields in a journal search request may be as in  'Identifier' Response. Search Meta-Index. These two are traditional hashing methods for similarity search. In that case a sparsity constraint is imposed on the hidden units. We developed a family of referencebased indexing techniques. Ultimately  , these grounded clusters of relation expressions are evaluated in the task of property linking on multi-lingual questions of the QALD-4 dataset. We have conducted experiments including trending search detection and personalize trending search suggestion on a large-scale search log from a commercial image search engine. For estimating L2 distance  , however   , we actually want low error across the whole range. , image results in image search; and 4 interaction  , e.g. , L  , and therefore the input and output layers have as many nodes as the number of topics used to model these sets  , K Q and K QA respectively. In the example at hand  , k=42 since every query and corresponding relevance set from SAWSDL-TC serves as a partition from the service set. As shown in Table 2  , on average  , we did not find significant change of nDCG@10 on users' reformulated queries  , although the sets of results retrieved did change a lot  , with relatively low Jaccard similarity with the results of the previous queries. Taking everything into consideration   , we decided to offer self-learning search as-a-service  , a middleware layer sitting between the e-commerce site and the client's existing search infrastructure. In this representation  , the relevance of a tweet to a given query is represented via each topically formed cluster. In the conventional case  , the user provides a reference image  , and the infrastructure identifies the images that are most similar. When a user submits a query to the search engine  , the search engine returns the user some ranked documents as search results. The search site speed was controlled by using either a commercial search site with a generally slow response rate SE slow  or a commercial search site with a generally fast response rate SE fast . We wish to run our own standard CNN over the 85 problems as a benchmark to understand how it compares to other competing approaches before comparing MCNN to the state of the art. Search space rearesentation. 6 A similar threshold has been used to demarcate search sessions in previous work on search engine switching 16 and in related studies of user search behavior 20 ,26. The system estimates the semantic relevance between a comment and a news article by measuring the cosine similarity between the original news article and reader comment  , after all proper nouns have been removed from both. These observations show that it is very important to explore the power of multiple kernels for KLSH in some real-world applications. To avoid simply learning the identity function  , we can require that the number of hidden nodes be less than the number of input nodes  , or we can use a special regularization term. Federated search has been a hot research topic for a decade. We assume a full text search conducted on each database. Semantic information for music can be obtained from a variety of sources 32. Modern search engines log a large number of user behavioral signals to improve and evaluate their effectiveness. The most common method used to search for a chemical molecule is substructure search 27   , which retrieves all molecules with the query substructure . Search Pad is automatically triggered at query time when a search mission is identified. As seen in the table  , there is a significant interest in searching for author names with 37% of the search requests targeting the authors index. , explicitly indicating where the concepts should appear. However  , users require sufficient knowledge to select substructures to characterize the desired molecules for substring search  , so similarity search27  , 29  , 23  , 21 is desired by users to bypass the substructure selection. The engine returns a search result list. job search or product search offered with a general-purpose search engine using a unified user interface. An exact positioning of the borderline between the various groups of similar documents  , however  , is not as intuitively to datarmine as with hierarchical feature maps that are presented above. Simplicity is a fundamental requirement in the design of solutions for this type of problems  , where users most likely have limited knowledge on how to protect their privacy through more sophisticated approaches. One way to address this problem is to use a fast lower bounding function to help prune sequences that could not possibly be a best match. These feature vectors are used as input to train a standard self-organizing map. There are also approaches that cluster search results 1 which can help users dive into a topic. The task is essentially the same: given a potentially large collection of objects  , identify all pairs whose similarity is above a threshold according to some similarity metric. Proposed optimization techniques are loop short-circuiting  , heuristic best-place search position and spiral search. Correspondingly  , a looser classification threshold increases search efficiency with the possibility of hurting search accuracy. However the results are suggestive of the existence of some semantic distance effect  , with an inverse correlation between semantic distance and relevance assessment  , dependant on position in the subject hierarchy  , direction of term traversal and other factors. iDistance 16  , 33 is an index method for similarity search. Then the loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model  , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. The structural framework of simulated need situa- tions 6 were used to present search tasks. Later in 2  , polynomial semantic indexing PSI is performed by learning two low-rank mapping matrices in a learning to rank framework  , and then a polynomial model is considered to measure the relevance between query and document. Rhythmic search is not possible. Right-hand truncation of search terms is also enabled by default. Figure 5shows a partial search tree for our example constraint  , where the branches correspond to the three derivations in Figures  2  , 3  , and 4. Both MedThresh and ITQ are implemented as in 37. The video library interface used for the study was an enhanced version of the one used with TRECVID 2003 that achieved the bestranked interactive search performance at that time. Wang  In general  , every similarity query is a range query given an arbitrarily specified range we shall introduce one more element of complexity later. Moreover  , the self-organidng map was used in 29 for text claeaiflcation. Who produced the most films ? This approach has the advantage of not requiring any hand-coding but has the disadvantage of being very sensitive to the representational choices made by the source on the Semantic Web. Their experiments demonstrate that the visual phrase-based retrieval approach outperforms the visual word-based approach. This results in the following regularized hinge-loss objective: The terms displayed on the screen have two links: a link to search for associable terms and a link to search for associable text. Therefore  , their distance is not an absolute value but relative to the search context  , i.e. As an alternative or auxiliary to directly aligning between standards and curricular resources on the one hand  , and trying to infer relevance from the structural and semantic similarity of standards across standard sets on the other  , the feasibility of standard crosswalking – that is  , inferring alignment in one set of standards based on alignments in another – has been explored; e.g. Searching is done by first doing a search in the inverted file and then a sequential search in all the selected blocks. , the search results. In our research we focus on challenges that are presented by the growing use of on-line collections of digital items  , such as digitized text books  , audio books  , and video and mixed media content 1   , which require adequate browsing and search support. Ideally  , a similarity search system should be able to achieve high-quality search with high speed  , while using a small amount of space. In the context of chemical structure search a lot of work has been done in developing similarity measures for chemical entities resulting in a huge amount of available measures. NN-search is a common way to implement similarity search. In their work  , a trade-off between novelty a measure of diversity  and the relevance of search results is made explicit through the use of two similarity functions  , one measuring the similarity among documents  , and the other the similarity between document and query. The SCHOLNET CS provides  , in addition to the advantages that have been discussed for CYCLADES a number of other specific advantages that derive from the combination of the collection notion with the specific SCHOLNET functionality. Specifically  , a sentence consisting of a mentioned location set and a term set is rated in terms of the geographic relevance to location and the semantic relevance to tag   , as   , where Our method presupposes a set of pictograms having a list of interpretation words and ratios for each pictogram. In this way  , the problem of similarity search is transformed to an interval search problem. In Fig. We emphasize that a pre-search context  , by definition  , is just prior to the search but does not necessarily trigger it. Trails must contain pages that are either: search result pages  , search engine homepages  , or pages connected to a search result page via a sequence of clicked hyperlinks. But note that we are not using this to argue the effectiveness of the k-n-match approach for full similarity. If the keyword query is empty  , then it is called " query-less. " It is first extended for similarity match on subsequences 5  , and further extended for similarity match that allows transformation such as scaling and time warp- ing 9  , 8. These events would reveal that the user had examined the search results  , but a user examining a search result would not necessarily emit a corresponding hover or scroll event. Under the bag-of-words assumption  , the generative probability of word w in document d is obtained through a softmax function over the vocabulary: This possibility can be particularly useful to retrieve poorly described pictures. Not only does it implement a dynamic search engine  , Dumpling also provides a convenient user interface for a user to compare the results from the dynamic search engine and the static search engine . Given a semantic user query regarding the relevance of the extracted triples consisting of basic graph patterns and implemented as SPARQL query; a query expressed in natural language might be: " Retrieve all acquisitions of companies in the smartphone domain. " The result of a search is a list of information resources. Once we know that the recursive search on a row-maximal pCluster cannot lead to a maximal pCluster  , the recursive search thus can be pruned. The larger threshold on states generated within each local weighted A* search allows for the search to search longer before a state is deemed as an AVOID state. We tested two such scores for region combination pti  , oti  , viz. Both interfaces are stateful  , as most implementations first create an appropriate search structure  , like for example a search tree. Many real-world applications require solving a similarity search problem where one is interested in all pairs of objects whose similarity is above a specified threshold. Near duplicate detection is made possible through similarity search with a very high similarity threshold. Based on this prediction  , we propose a semantic relevance calculation on categorized interpretations. New stress statistics are presented that give both qualitative and quantitative insights into the effectiveness of similarity hashing Subsection 3.1 and 3.2. Apparently  , dogpile emphasizes pages highly-ranked by Live and Ask in its meta search more than Google and AOL and more than Yahoo  , Lycos  , Altavista  , and alltheweb. , FemaleHeadsOf- Government and HostCitiesOfTheSummerOlympicGames. Knowledge of user search patterns on a search system can be used to improve search performance. Although the above measure SOi. character and word n-grams extracted from CNN can be encoded into a vector representation using LSTM that can embed the meaning of the whole tweet. We developed a new recommender of type – ,+ ,– for users coming from a search engine such as Google. User preference is another reason causing search engine switching  , e.g. Section 5 combines variational inference and stochastic gradient descent to present methods for large scale parallel inference for this probabilistic model. We have implemented a matching-based SSD approach combined with a dynamic pyramiding technique and search optimization techniques as proposed in 2. In the chemical domain similarity search is centered on chemical entities. We use it as a baseline to compare the usefulness of the pre-search context and user search history. Some of the most important features of the system include:  Three levels of search Users can select from basic search  , advanced search  , or expert search mode. 4 Experiments on the search results of a commercial search engine well validated its effectiveness. The cooccurrence of system acceptable search words produces an overlapping or part identity of the extensions of these search words. Our contributions can be summarized as follows. In the Chevy Tahoe example above  , the classifier would establish that the page is about cars/automotive and only those ads will be considered. A softmax regressor layer is connected to FC9 to output the label of input samples. According to rough estimates Deep Web is much larger than the web content  , indexed by search engines. , Google image search  , Microsoft Bing image search  , and Yahoo! We use LSTM-RNN for both generation and retrieval baselines. Then we update parameters utilizing Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD until converge. For instance  , in case of an MPEG-7 visual descriptor  , the system administrator can associate an approximate match search index to a specific XML element so that it can be efficiently searched by similarity. Trails start with a search engine query which also includes the SERP followed by a click on one of the search engine results trail origin. This reconfirms previous observations that modeling dependencies via the use of proximity features within the MRF has more of an impact on larger  , noisier collections than smaller  , well-behaved ones. Augmenting each word with its possible document positions  , we therefore have the input for the Viterbi program  , as shown below: For this 48-word sentence  , there are a total of 5.08 × 10 27 possible position sequences. One potential reason for shortcomings of ontological search is that MeSH was used as a primary hierarchy for hyponym extraction . The prototype search interface allows the user to specify query terms such as product names  , and passes them to a search engine selected by the user. As a special case  , when no semantic information is available  , C-Search reduces to syntactic search  , i.e. In recommendations   , the number of observations for a user is relatively small. Our method does not require supervised relevance judgments and is able to learn from raw textual evidence and document-candidate associations alone. Figure 2shows a snipping of the search result from Bing Search page for query " Saving Private Ryan "   , a famous movie. the selected documents in Sr−1  , as defined in Equation 4  , and S0 is an empty set. If the same types of dependencies were capture by both syntactic and semantic dependencies  , LCE would be expected to perform about equally as well as relevance models. With other corpora and other parameter settings for the hash-based search methods this characteristic is observed as well. Such functions have been utilized in the problem of merging the results of various search engines 11. Based on a manipulation of the original similarity matrix it is shown how optimum methods for hash-based similarity search can be derived in closed retrieval situations Subsection 3.3. In an Iterative search  , a client keeps control of the entire search. Most of these present a feed search service in conjunction with blog post searching and some are closely integrated with feed reading services. After they had completed all the search tasks  , a post-hoc interview was conducted to elicit the users' disposition towards the different methods of IQE  , and their general search experience. Note that the gathering of the service descriptions and the generation of the service functions is periodically repeated in order to accommodate the possible changes in the underlying DL infrastructure. Using more than one event queue allows a more concurrent handling of events using multiple threads. The main difference to the standard classification problem Eq. The main drawback of these hashing approaches is that they cannot be directly used in applications where we are not given a similarity metric but rather class/relevance labels that indicate which data points are similar or dissimilar to each other. Results show that it can reduce the feature set and the index size tremendously. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. Beside the query context  , of course  , it is also necessary to consider the actual query term for retrieving suitable search results. 1a. However  , according to 22 this may not be sufficient for more general and larger ontologies  , and thus  , the similarity should be a function of the attributes path length  , depth and local density. Recently  , millions of tagged images are available online in social community. After extracting the semantic features  , we need to represent those features in a proper format so that it is convenient to calculate the relevance between tweets and profiles. Another search paradigm for the LOD is faceted search/browsing systems  , which provide facets categories for interactive search and browsing 4 . There is no formal definition for operation similarity  , because  , just like in other types of search  , similarity depends on the specific goal in the user's mind. are themselves further defined in terms of pattern expressions in a text reference language which allows keywords  , positional contexts  , and simple syntactic and semantic notions. The matrix Wsc denotes the projection matrix from the vector state sr+1 to the vector cr+1. where σ −1 i represents the item ranked in position i of σ  , and |Ru| is the length of user u's rating profile. Section 3 presents the functionality of the CS and provides a logical description of its internal architecture . , through the web browser or a dedicated search application  , without sending a request to the search engine. For instance  , in federated search the same query is issued on multiple search engines and the results merged using a utility function 35. for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. Figure 1 illustrates the complete encoderdecoder model. The smaller bidden &er is fiwthcr used to represent the input patterns. Thus  , the search time is relatively longer than in a search from a keyword-based database. Therefore  , in TempCorr terms are ranked based on the level of correlation to the target time-series. In doing a search  , a user accomplishes a variety of specific tasks: defining the topic of the search  , selecting appropriate search vocabulary  , issuing commands or selecting menu choices  , viewing retrieved information and making judgments about its relevance or usefulness. The model extends the search capabilities of existing methods and can answer more complex search requests. Regularization terms such as the Frobenius norms on the profile vectors can be introduced to avoid overfitting. 25 concentrates on parallelizing stochastic gradient descent for matrix completion. Using this setup we evaluate PocketTrend when active or passive updates are used to push trending search content to end users. After making a relevance judgment a NASA TLX questionnaire would be displayed. Their model interpolates the same-task similarity of a rewrite candidate to the reference query with the average similarity of that candidate to all on-task queries from a user's history  , weighted by each query's similarity to the reference query. ODP advanced search offers a rudimentary " personalized search " feature by restricting the search to the entries of just one of the 16 main categories. Figures 5 and 6 show screen shots of advanced search and the search result page respectively. Our work spans several areas of modeling searcher behavior  , including analyzing search log to understand variances in user behavior  , evaluating search engine performance  , conducting online study using crowd-sourcing approach  , and predicting search success and frustration. We vary profile size to 5  , 10 and 30 predicates. This is a fundamental task in consumer product search engines like Yahoo! We begin by restricting our consideration of possible renderers to documents. Because mathematical expressions are often distinguished by their structure rather than relying merely on the symbols they include  , we describe two search paradigms that incorporate structure: 1. To motivate similarity search for web services  , consider the following typical scenario. , 4  , 27. Yet we still compare LSSH to CHMIS to verify the ability of LSSH to promote search performance by merging knowledge from heterogeneous data sources. The similarity matrix is M M M ∈ R 100×100   , which adds another 10k parameters to the model. The range n0  , n1 of frequent k-n-match search is chosen according to the results on real data sets as described in Section 5.2.1. Time-dependent synonyms will be used for a temporal search  , or a search taking into account a temporal dimension  , i.e. As an application of the second type  , an example image is selected among the search results from textual keywords  , and then the results are reranked  , and such search functions are released in " show similar images " from Microsoft Bing image search  , and " similar image search " from Google image search.  Recognition of session boundary using temporal closeness and probabilistic similarity between queries. An ǫ-NN graph is different from a K-NNG in that undirected edges are established between all pairs of points with a similarity above ǫ. all pairs similarity search or similarity join 2  , 22  , 21. Another example of visualization techniques of this category is self-organizing map SOM. In order to overcome this shortcome  , we propose a novel approach to divide web pages in different semantic sections. For RL3 anchor log was used to reform current query  , search it in indri  , then calculate the similarity between current query and documents. We also tried GRU but the results seem to be worse than LSTM. We then propose four basic types of formula search queries: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. Audio signals consists of a time-series of samples  , which we denote as st. Therefore  , the quality in use in different usage contexts is very important for the spreading of these knowledge bases. These engines are known as Internet-scale code search engines 14  , such as Ohloh Code previously known as Koders and Google code search 13 discontinued service as of March 2013. i demographics and expertise ii search tasks iii search functionality and iv open ended questions on search system requirements. A number of studies 11  , 12  , 15 address the issue of search intent. While the systems mentioned above have made a number of advances in relation to image search  , there are a number of important differences that make video search much more difficult than image search. A survey can be found in 3. The aforementioned three types of image search schemes all suffer from a limitation that it is incapable of search images with spatial requirements of desired objects. The prediction of character at each time step is given by: The last LSTM decoder generates each character  , C  , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128  , ht−1  , for the next time-step prediction. Taken together  , these results indicate that users tend to explicitly change the default search type citations search and prefer to run a document type search. At the minimum  , we hope that the OAI will create a framework for serious investigation of these issues and lay the 13 http://cinzica.iei.pi.cnr.it/cyclades/  , 14 http://www.clir.org/diglib/architectures/testbed.htm. Table 4displays these results. Moreover  , these similarity values depend on the information retrieval system to which the queries are directed; for the same pair of search request formulations  , the similarity coefficient values will vary significantly  , according to the variations in the document set subject matter of the systems considered. Intent is identified in search result snippets  , and click-through data  , over a number of latent topic models. Usually only frequency formula search is supported by current chemistry information systems. The hierarchy among the maps is established as follows. We alternatively execute Stage I and Stage II until the parameters converge. The search of a meaningful representation of the time series   , and the search of an appropriate similarity measure for comparing time series. Therefore  , combining the similarity score and search result count eliminates some noise. One drawback of these types of systems especially for portable devices is that they require large screen real estate and significant visual attention from the user. The variance of each document's relevance score is set to be a constant in this experiment as we wish to demonstrate the effect of document dependence on search results  , and it is more difficult to model score variance than covariance. For the search backend  , Apache Lucene 14 is a search engine library with support for full text search via a fairly expressive query language   , extensible scoring  , and high performance indexing. , we counted the appearances of semantic concepts in the service collection and derived the probabilities from this observation.