, which makes the optimization infeasible. In addition  , we show that incremental computation is possible for certain operations . As already mentioned  , EM converges to a local maximum of the observed data log-likelihood function L. However  , the non-injectivity of the interaural functions μ f and ξ f leads to a very large number of these maxima  , especially when the set of learned positions X   , i.e. NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. , 4 and LD see e.g. However  , to calculate the likelihood function  , we have to marginalize over the latent variables which is difficult in our model for both real variables η  , τ   , as it leads to integrals that are analytically intractable  , and discrete variables z1···m  , it involves computationally expensive sum over exponential i.e. In order to query iDM  , we have developed a simple query language termed iMeMex Query Language iQL that we use to evaluate queries on a resource view graph. Density-based techniques like DBSCAN 4  , OPTICS 2 consider the density around each point to demarcate boundaries and identify the core cluster points. In this way  , after two optimization calls we obtain both the best hypothetical plan when all possible indexes are present and the best " executable " plan that only uses available indexes. DBSCAN's ability to distinguish between points of varying density is limited while SNN can identify uniformly low density clusters by analysing the shared nearest neighbours between points. A support vector machine was trained on the first three quarters of the data and tested on the unused data. The Query Evaluator parses the query and builds an operator based query tree. Intuitively  , an uncertain value encodes a range of possible values together with our belief in the likelihood of each possible value. Then  , in this subsection we plan to investigate to what extent genetic programming used by GenProg worsens the repair efficiency over random search used by RSRepair. " We use the ranking function r to select only the top ten strings for further consideration. However  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. Recent works have exploited such constraints for query optimization and schema matching purposes e.g. In this case since the object has been detected once from its non-confusion side  , the probability of o 1 being of class c 1 is now much higher and the orientation estimate is now nonambiguous with φ 1 ≈ 258  as shown in Figure 11. A database system that can effectively handle the potential variations in optimization queries will benefit data exploration tasks. Users do not have to possess knowledge about the database semantics  , and the query optimieer takes this knowledge into account to generate Semantic query optimization is another form of automated programming. Many sources rank the objects in query results according to how well these objects match the original query. To centre the mean of the RGB likelihood function on the fingertips  , two additional likelihood functions are introduced. Precomputed join indexes are proposed in 46 . We then refine the association matrix probabilistically. Although they also used genetic programming  , their evaluation was limited to small programs such as bubble sorting and triangle classification  , while our evaluation includes real bugs in open source software. Also we can avoid creating any edges to an existence-checking node. Generally  , we can assume that a likelihood func­ tion pXtIR;  , Zi  would reach maximum at the expec­ tation Exi IR;  , �; given an observation. Results of a systematic and large-scale evaluation on our YouTube dataset show promising results  , and demonstrate the viability of our approach. To summarize   , Chameleon is able to perfectly cluster these datasets  , whereas both DBSCAN and CURE make mistakes  , or are very dependent on the right parameter values to find the clusters. Finally  , we note that query containment has also been used in maintenance of integrity constraints 19  , 15  and knowledge-base ver- ification 26. We now highlight some of the semantic query optimizationSQO strategies used by our run time optimizer. With these feature functions  , we define the objective likelihood function as: Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. The importance measurement was used to order the display of regions for single column display. This is done via a large number of line search optimizations in the hyperparameter space using the GPML package's minimi ze function from hundreds of random seed points  , including the best hyperparameter value found in a previous fit. Over all of the queries in our experiments the average optimization time was approximately 1/2 second. If the function is MIN  , for example  , the first overlay set found would be selected. A sensitivity question is whether this approach generates a larger candidate set than the other approaches or not. Similarly  , the approach presented in 21 assumes that a 1-to-1 mapping is to be discovered. Although this approach is effective in the database domain  , unfortunately  , in knowledge base systems this is not feasible. De Raedt et al. Hence  , it is not surprising that GenProg  , most often  , took more time to repair successfully faulty programs  , on average  , in Table  2. To tackle this issue  , we propose to employ LSH to eliminate unnecessary similarity computations between unrelated articles  , and get a rough separation on the original news corpus. DBSCAN makes use of an R* tree to achieve good performance. We also observed that the relative performance between U-AHC and F OPTICS  , and between F DBSCAN and U-AHC did not substantially vary with the dataset. In this example   , the SQL optimizer is called on the outer query block  , and the SEQUIN optimizer operates on the nested query block. Finally  , we show that with specific efficiency functions  , our " Slow " Decay Rate Wt10g t = 150ms  , α = −0.05 Gov2 t = 5s  , α = −0.1 Clue t = 7s  , α = −0.01 learned models converge to either baseline query-likelihood or the weighted sequential dependence model  , thus illustrating the generality of our framework in subsuming ranking approaches that only take into account effectiveness. Note that most commercial database systems allow specifying top-k query and its optimization. The probability of a repeat click as a function of elapsed time between identical queries can be seen in Figure 5. We show that the proposed general framework has a close relationship with the Pairwise Support Vector Machine. The technique in MARS 9 can be viewed as a SQL Optimization technique since the main optimization occurs after the SQL query is generated from the XML query. In our case this is computationally intractable; the partition function Zz sums over the very large space of all hidden variables. The remaining of this paper is structured as follows. Simulated annealing is a capable of crossing local minima and locating the global minimum 6. Over-costing good plans is less of a concern in practice. , 4  , 5  , 6 ; however   , the accuracy is still less than desirable. is implemented as a rule-based system. Given a query Q in the source language L1  , we automatically translate the query using a query translation system into the assisting language L2. Optimization. According to this strategy  , fields in records are encoded using feature vectors that are used to train a binary support vector machine classifier. Query optimization is carried out on an algebraic  , query-language level rather than  , say  , on some form of derived automata. In a real author disambiguation system  , it generally is desirable to guarantee certain integrity property of each clus- ter. They doubted that the promising results may not be brought by genetic programming used by GenProg  , because the patch search problem can be easy when random search would have likely yielded similar results. GenProg 2 has the ability of fixing bugs in deployed  , legacy C programs without formal specifications. Figure 5shows the DAG that results from binary scoring assuming independent predicate scoring for the idf scores of the query in Figure 3. Therefore  , many queries execute selection operations on the base relations before executing other  , more complex operations. Therefore  , one often gets a whole interval of numbers n where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value; in some cases  , one even gets a union of non-adjacent intervals . After query planning the query plan consists of multiple sub-queries. The optimization prohlem then uses the response time from the queueing model to solve for an improved solution. DB2 query optimizer has the' cost function in terms of resource consumption such as t.he CPU 'dime and I/O time. In the test stage  , we use 2000 random samples as queries and the rest samples as the database set to evaluate the retrieval performance. If Rp is too large  , it would require many perturbed queries to achieve good search quality. , as the product of the probabilities of the single observations  , which are functions of the covariates whose values are known in the observations and the coefficients which are the unknowns. Figure 10: MaxUpdates depending on database size for different relative frequencies of deletions Besides these works on optimizer architectures  , optimization strategies for both traditional and " nextgeneration " database systems are being developed. Table 1describes how the scoring function is computed by each method. 6. To this purpose we have proposed randomized procedures based on genetic programming or simulated annealing 8  , 9. sources on sort-merge join "   , and this metalink instance is deemed to have the importance sideway value of 0.8. sources on query optimization is viewing  , learning  , etc. Interested readers can find a detailed solution in 7. However  , we can think of static optimization such as determining whether a query or a subquery is type-invalid early by inspecting the type information to avoid useless evaluation over potentially large amounts of irrelevant data. In addition  , similar to other search-based software engineering SBSE 15  , 14 approaches  , genetic programming often suffers from the computationally expensive cost caused by fitness evaluation  , a necessary activity used to distinguish between better and worse solutions. 6 Combined Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: re-rank retrieved questions by combined query likelihood model system 2 using submodular function. Note that the features in sequence labeling not only depend on the input sequence s  , but also depends on the output y. This is an issue that requires further study in the form of a comprehensive performance evaluation on sipI1. For suitable choices of these it might be feasible to efficiently obtain a solution. For optimization  , MXQuery only implements a dozen of essential query rewrite rules such as the elimination of redundant sorts and duplicate elimination. There is a generator of random changes which is a procedure that takes a random step from λ to λ + Δλ. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. Transforming PIVOT into GROUP BY early in query compilation for example  , at or near the start of query optimization or heuristic rewrite requires relatively few changes on the part of the database implementer. Then  , a grid search is used to determine C and α that maximize the likelihood function. Points that are not core and not reachable from a core are labeled as noise. With regards to RQ1 cluster stability scores range from 0.20 to 0.96. We see from Table 1that our method was particularly fast. The work on diversification of search results has looked into similar objectives as ours where the likelihood of the user finding at least one result relevant in the result set forms the basis of the objective function. The retrieval function is: This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . Most important is the development of effective and realistic cost functions for inductive query evaluation and their use in query optimization. It is based on structural risk minimization principle from computational learning theory. In this example  , TableAccess has only two alternative definitions  , while TableScan has only three. Table 2. shows an example of records that could be mistakenly clustered together by DBSCAN without an integrity check. The query optimizer can naturally exploit this second optimization by dynamically building a temporary graph view: bfaidhd = e QEdge:rmdtypd'main mad " @oad and by applying Paths0 on it. This learning goal is equivalent to maximizing the likelihood of the probabilistic KCCA model 3. Flexible mechanisms for dynamically adjusting the size of query working spaces and cache areas are in place  , but good policies for online optimization are badly missing. We have experimented with different number of hash tables L for all three LSH methods and different number of probes T i.e. The return value of a fitness function must appropriately measure how well an individual  , which represents a solution  , can solve the target problem. Optimization using materialized views is a popular and useful technique in the context of traditional database query optimization BLT86  , GMS93  , CKPS95  , LMSS95  , SDJL96 which has been successfully applied for optimizing data warehouse queries GHQ95  , HGW + 95  , H R U96  , GM96  , GHRU97. We compare the proposed LWH with six stat-of-the-art hashing methods including four unsupervised methods LSH 1  , SH 11  , AGH 5  , KLSH 4  , one supervisedsemi method SSH 9  , and one list-wise supervised method RSH 10. Our work  , on the other hand  , introduces cluster level constraints in addition to instance level constraints. Section 4 addresses optimization issues in this RAM lower bound context. In our experiments  , it only requires 3 minutes to deal with one-day user logs of 150 ,000 queries. In addition to the usual query parsing  , query plan generation and query parallelization steps  , query optimization must also determine which DOP to choose and on which node to execute the query. It runs the Linux operating system with a 2.6.9 kernel. For traditional relational databases  , multiplequery optimization 23 seeks to exhaustively find an optimal shared query plan. In particular  , the proposed model not only considers the different levels of impact of different advertising channels but also takes time-decaying effect into account. Section 2 formally defines the parametric query optimization problem and provides background material on polytopes. We examine only points in partitions that could contain points as good as the best solution. The results will show which values of the likelihood function correspond to valid interval estimates and which do not. In terms of future research  , more work is needed to understand the interplay of coalescing and other temporal operators with respect to queSy optimization and evaluation. Furthermore the LSH based method E2LSH is proposed in 20. DBSCAN expands a cluster C as follows. The function is represented as a tree composed of arithmetic operators and the log function as internal nodes  , and different numerical features of the query and ad terms as leafs. We implemented PreDeCon as well as the three comparative methods DBSCAN  , PROCLUS  , and DOC in JAVA. Larger values of the metric indicate better performance. The QUERY LANGUAGE OPTIMIZER will optimize this query into an optimized access plan. Many researchers have investigated the use of statistics for query optimization  , especially for estimating the selectivity of single-column predicates using histograms PC84  , PIH+96  , HS95 and for estimating join sizes Gel93  , IC91  , SS94 using parametric methods Chr83  , Lyn88 . , q |Q| have higher probabilities than given the document model for D1. Service Descriptions are represented in RDF. In survival models  , the response time ∆ i is modeled with a survival function , P C1 = 1 | q  , d. The DBS3 optimizer uses efficient non-exhaustive search strategies LV91 to reduce query optimization cost. Unfortunately   , this weight update will often cause all but a few particles' weights to tend to zero after repeated updating  , even with the most carefully-chosen proposal distribution 7. which only requires knowledge and evaluation of the measurement likelihood function p zk |χ i k to update the particles' weights with new sensor measurements. To overcome the shortcomings of each optimization strategy in combination with certain query types  , also hybrid optimizers have been proposed ON+95  , MB+96. The first assumption in 12 requires that One of the common solutions is to use the posterior probability as opposed to the likelihood function. The final sensor providing relative measurements is the stopline sensor  , which measures the distance to any stopline visible within its camera's field of view. Moreover  , translating a temporal query into a non-temporal one makes it more difficult to apply query optimization and indexing techniques particularly suited for temporal XML documents. Analogous to order optimization we call this grouping optimization and define that the set of interesting groupings for a given query consists of 1. all groupings required by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query 2. all groupings produced by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query. This is in some cases not guaranteed in the scope of object-oriented query languages 27. 1 Suppose the following conditions hold for the example: The score function to be maximized involves two parts: i the log-likelihood term for the inliers  The problem is thus an optimization problem. Then  , each particle state is repopulated by randomly selecting from {X p } temp using the function RandP article. The resulting blogs were classified using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset. In Section 4  , we give an illustrative example to explain different query evaluation strategies that the model offers. Our approach incorporates a traditional query optimizer T&O  , as a component. However  , what should be clear is that given such cost-estimates  , one could optimize inductive queries by constructing all possible query plans and then selecting the best one. We can now formally define the query optimization problem solved in this paper. al. We note that this weakness is inherent in any test suite based program repair  , since no formal program specification is given and repairs can only be generated with respect to limited number of given tests. Their method was compared with five feature selection methods using two classifiers: K-nearest neighbour and support vector machine and it preformed the best for three microarray datasets. The stratum approach does not depend on a particular XQuery engine. Full Credit  , on the other hand  , assigns the credit for detecting a bug as soon as a single line of the bug is found. In 3   , a learning strategy is used for determining similarity between records. The likelihood function for this sensor is modeled like the lane sensor by enumerating two modes of detection: µ s1 and µ s2 . Since the execution space is the union of the exccution spaces of the equivalent queries  , we can obtain the following simple extension to the optimization al- gorithm: 1. We used the simplex downhill method Nelder and Mead 1965 for the minimization. As the feasibility grids represent the crossability states of the environment   , the likelihood fields of the feasibility grids are ideally adequate for deriving the likelihood function for moving objects  , just as the likelihood fields of the occupancy grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. The current implementation of DARQ uses logical query optimization in two ways. Finally  , GGGP was applied to create reference models. Validity  , reliability  , and efficiency are more complex issues to evaluate. Insertions into a plastic cochlea model have produced similar insertion forces and allowed us to identify cases of tip folding during PEA insertion. In this case  , the score of document D would be a weighted average of scores with respect to each candidate translation: The detection of common sub-expressions is done at optimization time  , thus  , all queries need to be optimized as a batch. Denote these distances Of  , ..  , 0 ," for the robot position X . This is reflected in Table 6: as the bug-fix threshold increases  , the random AUCEC scores increase as well. , ridge regularization. CHAMELEON requires the setting of the number of clusters to he sought  , which is generally not known. Genetic Programming searches for an " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. Given a problem  , the basic idea behind genetic programming 18 is to generate increasingly better solutions of the given problem by applying a number of genetic operators to the current population . We treat this as a ranking problem and find the top-k followers who are most likely to retweet a given post. Metalinks represent relationships among topics not sources; i.e. Pipelined join execution is a Pipelining optimization. Once these features are removed the remaining point cloud consists of a dense cluster of payload points with a few outliers introduced from dust. , 2010  , by means of the Wavelet Transform  , obtains the audio signal in the time-frequency domain. This effect can also be seen as a function of rank  , where friendships are assumed to be independent of their explicit distance. 14  recently analyze places and events in a collection of geotagged photos using DBSCAN. The rest of the paper is organized as follows. The conventional approach to query optimization is to pick a single efficient plan for a query  , based on statistical properties of the data along with other factors such as system conditions. This figure shows a sensor scan dots at the outside  , along with the likelihood function grayly shaded area: the darker a region  , the smaller the likelihood of observing an obstacle. It is shown that in 11  , under this greedy training strategy  , we always get a better model ph for hidden representations of the original input data if the number of features in the added layer does not decrease  , and the following varational lower bound of the log-likelihood of the observed input data never decreases. We then found the parameter values that maximized the likelihood function above. 1. A region query returns all objects intersecting a specified query region. Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. To obtain an upper bound  , we classify the documents directly using bag-of-words features from the text  , which should perform better than transforming the text into a visualization. Finally  , Hammer only supports restricted forms of logically equivalent transformations because his knowledge reprsentation is not suitable for deductive use. 4  , 5 proposed using statistics on query expressions to facilitate query optimization. As discussed in Section 2.1  , the pQ normalization factor in the scoring function 2 does not affect the ranking of the documents because it is constant for all documents Di given a specific topic Q. where Fjy  , x is a feature function which extracts a realvalued feature from the label sequence y and the observation sequence x  , and Zx is a normalization factor for each different observation sequence x. For a normally distributed variable  , outliers are objects with Mahalanobis distance above a given threshold. Our work is unique in the following respects. A control strategy is needed to decide on the rewrite rules that should be applied to a given statement sequence. We conducted experiments with the following additional multi-class classification approaches see 21  for more information about the methods: 32 have shown superb performance in binary classification tasks. where the measurements {Ri  , z ;} are assumed to be independent given the object state Xt. The idea of the interactive query optimization test was to replace the automatic optimization operation by an expert searcher  , and compare the achieved performance levels as well as query structures. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. This also implies that for a QTree this optimization can be used only once. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. Here we introduce a self-supervised classifier for associating currently detected clusters with previously found objects. This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . Our tests showed 1 that style information such as font size is suitable in many cases to extract titles from PDF files in our experiment in 77.9%. Instead  , we find that a double Pareto distribution can be fit to each user with a significant increase in overall likelihood. If v r o are viewed as empirical distributions induced by a given sample i.e. For this modularity  , we pay the penalty of inefficient query optimizers that do not tightly couple alternate query generation with cost-based optimization . We use predictions from C map to compute the MappingScore  , the likelihood that terminals in P are correct interpretation of corresponding words in S. C map . Predict function of the classifier predicts the probability of each word-toterminal mapping being correct. The effectiveness of a strategy for a single topic is computed as a function of the ranks of the relevant documents. Points with fewer than minP ts in their ǫ neighbourhood are considered as noise within the DBSCAN framework  , unless on the boundary of a dense cluster. This function selects a particle at random  , with a likelihood of selection proporational to the particle's normalized weight. However  , the computational cost of this approach is extremely high for problems requiring large population sizes 6 . 6  reports on a rule-based query optimizer generator  , which was designed for their database generator EXODUS 2. In this case  , one could actually employ the following query plan: Since each hash table entry consumes about 16 bytes in our implementation   , 2 gigabytes of main memory can hold the index data structure of the basic LSH method for about 4-million images to achieve a 0.93 recall. Enhanced query optimizers have to take conditional coalescing rules into consideration as well. With regard to the generation of link specifications  , some unsupervised techniques were newly developed see  , e.g. Typically  , all sub-expressions need to be optimized before the SQL query can be optimized. Since the W matrix has only four independent parameters  , four point matches in t ,he whole set of three image frames are minimally sufficient to solve for W matrix using equation 23. Inferred secondary orderings or groupings can be used to infer new primary orderings or groupings. 1 The 'cvScore' function returns the corresponding estimated log-likelihood of the data. In this way  , we insure that undefined instances will not affect the calculation of the likelihood function. However  , it is not possible to use this method to evaluate the integral over the space outside of the object unless the object itself is rectangular. Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. Semantic query optimization can be viewed as the search for the minimum cost query execution plan in the space of all possible execution plans of the various semantically equivalent hut syntactically ditferent versions of the original query. But within that  , we maintain multiple tables of hundreds of millions of rows each. Knowing the common structural motifs in a set of coregulated RNA sequences will help us better understand the regulation mechanism. During execution of the SQL query  , the nested SE &UIN expression is evaluated just as any other function would be. This query is shown in Figure 7. The permutation test method Pete differs significantly from methods in the first category since it does not assign any data-independent cost to model complexity. Indeed  , our investigation can be regarded as the analogue for updates of fundamental invest ,igat.ions on query equivalence and optimization. They can be modelled by a probability density function indicating the likelihood that an object is located at a certain position cf. The action space A is comprised of all tasks that the system can allocate to the user. While it is sometimes merely a performance advantage to take such an integrated view  , at other times even the correctness of query executions depends on such an approach. Combining these two probabilities helps reduce the overlap of robot sensory areas toward the goal of minimizing the likelihood of a target escaping detection. However  , this method does not use task-specific objective function for learning the metric; more importantly  , it does not learn the bit vector representation directly. All of these sources of errors can trigger re-optimization because of a violation of the validity ranges. To compare the two approaches in detail  , we are interested in answering two questions. When a document d and a query q are given  , the ranking function 1 is the posterior probability that the document multinomial language model generated query5. Assuming that the training labels on instance j make its state path unambiguous   , let s j denote that path  , then the first-derivative of the log-likelihood is L-BFGS can simply be treated as a black-box optimization procedure  , requiring only that one provide the firstderivative of the function to be optimized. Our evaluation shows that the multi-probe LSH method substantially improves over the basic and entropy-based LSH methods in both space and time efficiency. In the context of deductive databases. Moreover  , DBSCAN requires a human participant to determine the global parameter Eps. For methods SH and STH  , although these methods try to preserve the similarity between documents in their learned hashing codes  , they do not utilize the supervised information contained in tags. However  , a plan that is optimal can still be chosen as a victim to be terminated and restarted  , 2 dynamic query re-optimization techniques do not typically constrain the number of intermediate results to save and reuse  , and 3 queries are typically reoptimized by invoking the query optimizer with updated information. It can be shown 15  that the constraint maximization problem in step 6 is a concave program and therefore  , can be solved optimally and efficiently 4. In this paper  , we rely on the query likelihood model. QGM Optimization then makes semantic transformations to the QGM  , using a distinct set of sophisticated rewrite rules that transform the QGM query into a " better " one  , i.e. Next  , we turn our attention to query optimization. All the experiments were conducted on a Core 2 Quad 2.83GHz CPU  , 3GB memory computer with Ubuntu 10.04 OS. In the following  , we focus on such an instantiation   , namely we employ as optimization goal the coverage of all query terms by the retrieved expert group. We start explaining DJ's techniques. This is necessary to allow for both extensibility and the leverage of a large body of related earlier work done by the database research community. In Figure 5  , we show results for the fraction pruning method and the max score optimization on the expanded query set. In CCM96  an algebraic framework for the optimization of generalized path expressions in an OODBMS is proposed  , including an approach that avoids exponential blow-up in the query optimizer while still offering flexibility in the ordering of operations. For example  , the value of the likelihood function corresponding to our desirable parameter values where class A generates t1  , class B generates t2  , class N generates t3 is 2 −4 while for a solution where class A generates the whole document d1 and class B generates the whole document d2  , the value of the likelihood function is 2 −8 . In summary  , navigation profiles offer significant opportunities for optimization of query execution  , regardless of whether the XML view is defined by a standard or by the application. Since the worklist is now empty  , we have completed the query and return the best point. Concurrently  , the query feature vector is stored in the Query Cluster Database  , as a new cluster representative. Thus  , the choice of the optimal feature sets may require a preliminary feature construction phase. Creating this distance metric is the focus of this paper. Genetic Programming GP 14 is a Machine Learning ML technique that helps finding good answers to a given problem where the search space is very large and when there is more than one objective to be accomplished. The average time required by SEMFIX for each repair is less than 100 seconds. Finally  , the notion of the representative trajectory of a cluster is provided. 33  proposed an optimization strategy for query expansion methods that are based on term similarities such as those computed based on WordNet. As Yu's method is based on skeleton  , which usually can't be appropriately extracted especially when the character is scratchy or complex  , the recognition rate will be pretty low in clerical script and cursive script. 36 train a support vector machine to extract mathematical expressions and their natural language phrase. If an accurate model of the manipulator-object interaction were available  , then the likelihood of a given position measurement could be evaluated in terms of its proximity to an expected position measurement: P ˆ p i |modelx  , u  , where modelx  , u denotes the expected contact position given an object configuration x and manipulator control parameters  , u. Running test cases typically dominated GenProg's runtime " 22  , which is also suitable for RSRepair  , so we use the measurement of NTCE to compare the repair efficiency between GenProg and RSRepair  , which is also consistent with traditional test case prioritization techniques aiming at early finding software bugs with fewer NTCE. As already mentioned  , a VAD system tries to determine when a verbalization starts and when it ends. We maximize this likelihood function to estimate the value of μs. We then show how to compile such a program into an execution plan. These values for the constraints were decided after observing the experimental results. In order to answer these questions  , we choose ARRANGER – a Genetic Programming-based discovery engine 910 to perform the ranking function tuning. The re-ranking function is able to promote one question related to RAW files  , which is not included in the candidate question set retrieved by query likelihood model. The log-likelihood contains a log function over summations of terms with λt defined by Equation 5  , which can make parameter inference intractable. The following experiments were run by connecting FX- PAL'S genetic programming system to a modular robot simulator  , built by J. Kubica and S. Vassilvitskii. Genetic Programming searches for the " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. This simplifies query optimization Amma85. Their approach relies on formal specifications  , which our approach does not require. Although our experimental setting is a binary classification  , the desired capability from learning the function f b  , k by a GBtree is to compute the likelihood of funding  , which allows us to rank the most appropriate backer for a particular project. Clusters 1 and 2 account for 54% of the sessions with stability scores of 0.87 and 0.85 respectively. A state update method asynchronously combines depth and RGB measurement updates to maintain a temporally consistent hand state. We form such feature vectors for all synonymous word-pairs positive training examples as well as for non-synonymous word-pairs negative training examples. , short query  , top 10 systems  , etc. The direct applicability of logical optimization techniques such as rewriting queries using views  , semantic optimization and minimization to XQuery is precluded by XQuery's definition as a functional language 30. The Iirst part is the optimization just dcscrihcd which uses an assumed response time for each query type  , and the second part is a queueing model to solve for the rcsponse t.ime based on the access plan selections and buf ?%r allocation from the first part the optimization prohlcm. Without this restriction  , transducers can be used for example to implement arbitrary iterative deconstructors or Turing machines. In contrast  , Nelder and Mead's Downhill -Simplex method requires much stricter control over which policies are evaluated. A framework for tackling this problem based on Genetic Programming has been proposed and tested. This definition is very general  , and almost any type of query can be considered as a special case of model-based optimization query. When one uses the query term selection optimization  , the character-based signature file generates another problem. For SQO  , we have to consider the trade-off between the cost of optimization and solution quality i.e. The transition probability is defined as a function of the Euclidean distance between each pair of points. Heuristics-based optimization techniques include exploiting syntactic and structural variations of triple patterns in a query 27  , and rewriting a query using algebraic optimization techniques 12 and transformation rules 15 . Both solutions deal with dynamic reoptimization of parts of a single query  , but they do not save and exploit this knowledge for the next query optimization run. Ideally  , we would like to examine the buckets with the highest success probabilities. For instance   , NN queries over an attribute set A can be considered as model-based optimization queries with F  θ  , A as the distance function e.g. However  , existing work primarily focuses on various aspects of query-local data management  , query execution   , and optimization. Based on the estimates of model parameters and the software metrics data  , the predictive likelihood function at the τ + 1-st increment is given by where the first term is the log-likelihood over effective response times { ˜ ∆ i }  , and the second term the sum of logactivity rates over the timestamps of all the ego's responses. special effects. However  , the discussion of optimization using a functional or text index is beyond the scope of this paper. The goal of this M step is to find the latent variables in Θ that maximize this objective function. We show how the function s may be estimated in a manner similar to the one used for w above  , and we empirically compare the performance of the recency-based model versus the quality-based model. Compared with DBMS based systems Minerva and DLDB  , it greatly reduced the load time. In this section we present the empirical results of SSDB- SCAN and compare it with DBSCAN and HISSCLU. After doing so  , we can produce a probabilistic spatiotemporal model of an event. In general  , we propose to maximize the following normalized likelihood function with a relative weight c~  , Which importance one gives to predicting terms relative to predicting links may depend on the specific application . Several other strategies for input generation have been proposed symbolic execution combined with constraint solving 30  , 18  , direct setting of object fields 5  , genetic programming 29  , etc. The system using limited Ilum­ ber of samples would easily break down. We used an opinionated lexicon consisting of 389 words  , which is a subset complied from the MPQA subjective lexicon 11. Another approach to contextual advertising is to reduce it to the problem of sponsored search advertising by extracting phrases from the page and matching them with the bid phrase of the ads. In this paper  , we considered the problem of classification in the context of document collections where textual content is scarce and imprecise citation information exists. Following the likelihood principle  , one determines P d  , P zjd  , and P wjz b y maximization of the logglikelihood function 77. This factor is determined by observations made by exteroceptive sensors in this case the camera  , and is a function of the similarity between expected measurements and observed measurements. To generate Figure 12b  , we executed a suite of 30 Web queries over 5 different 20-million page data sets. The solutions found by these two methods differ  , however  , in terms of RMS error versus the true trace  , both produce equally accurate traces. Also  , the likelihood of choosing a test case may differ across the test pool  , hence we would also need a probability distribution function to accompany the test pool. In this section  , we discuss how the methods discussed to up to this point extend to more general situations. DBSCAN is a typical density-based method which connects regions with sufficiently high density into clusters. If the graph is unreliable  , the optimization results will accordingly become unreliable. 15  proposes a multi-Criteria-based active learning for the problem of named entity recognition using Support Vector Machine. Furthermore  , our work combines a streaming DBSCAN method along with constraints requirements that are not only at the instance level  , but also at the cluster level. Guyon et at 10 used Support Vector Machine methods with Recursive Fea­ ture Elimination RFE for gene selection to achieve better classification performance. In the current version of IRO-DB  , the query optimizer applies simple heuristics to detach subqueries that are sent to the participating systems. it computes clusters giving each dimension equal weights. Memory management. In all cases  , the multi-probe LSH method has similar query time to the basic LSH method. Since vague queries occur most often in interactive systems  , short response times are essential. Since the log likelihood function is non-convex  , we use Expectation-Maximization 12  for training. In 12  , 14  , 22  , 26  , queries were classified according to users' search needs  , for instance  , topic distillation  , named page finding  , and homepage finding. 'I'he traditional optimization problem is to choose an optimal plan for a query. The signature of the SumScan operator is: open. The arrangement of query modification expressions can be optimized. In FS98 two optimization techniques for generalized path expressions are presented  , query pruning and query rewriting using state extents. , fragment-replicate joins 26  , are inapplicable in our scenario. Finally  , the distribution of θ is updated with respect to its posterior distribution. The night sky is one example; as the magnification level is adjusted  , one will identify different groupings or clusters. Since the similarity functions that our learning method optimizes for are cosine and Jaccard  , we apply the corresponding LSH schemes when generating signatures. This is a function of three variables: To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. The speedup is calculated as the query execution time when the optimization is not applied divided by the optimized time. One would need more data  , especially of control subjects to be able to state that automatic methods always significantly outperform human observers in clinical practice. from a data point p   , given a radius E p s . Subsequently  , Colde and Graefe 8 proposed a new query optimization model which constructs dynamic plans at compile-time and delays some of the query optimization until run-time. The parameters of that function are the mean value and standard deviation that we have found in the learning stage. In this paper we proposed a general framework for expressing and analyzing approximate predicates  , and we described how to construct alternate query plans that effectively use the approximate predicates. Because of the fundamentally different architectures of in-memory and on-disk models  , the considerations regarding query optimization are very different. This run used a support vector machine built from the normal features in Table 5to retrieve documents using a hybrid representation. Accordingly  , objects {g  , h  , i  , j  , k  , l  , m} are grouped into the second cluster . Then the likelihood function of an NHPP is given by , number of extra hash buckets to check  , for the multiprobe LSH method and the entropy-based LSH method. Often  , scanning more of the scene will increase the likelihood that the scan can be found in the terrain map. It is the task of the query optimizer to produce a reasonable evaluation strategy  161. Interested readers can reference that paper or  The details of our system and methodology for Genetic Programming GP are discussed in our Robust track paper. As a result  , the result of STING approaches that of DBSCAN when the granularity approaches zero. Furthermore  , service descriptions can include statistical information used for query optimization. ,and rdel  , the whole databases wereincrementally inserted and deleted  , although& = 0 for the 2D spatial database. There are many other promising local optimal solutions in the close vicinity of the solutions obtained from the methods that provide good initial guesses of the solution. The results from running CURE can be interpreted in a similar way. We can thus write p f j x i t−Np:t = γ x i t−Np:t   , which leads to: The query is then passed on to Postgres for relational optimization and execution . Using the expectations as well as uncertainties from our fingerprint model inside the new likelihood function  , we evaluate the influence of the new observation model in comparison to our previous results 1. That is  , we break the optimization task into several phases and then optimize each phase individually. We will use support vector machine classification and term-based representations of comments to automatically categorize comments as likely to obtain a high overall rating or not. On the other hand  , declarative query languages are easier to read since inherently they describe only the goal of the query in a simpler syntax  , and automatic optimization can be done to some degree. We evaluated the ranking using both the S-precision and WSprecision measures. The log-likelihood function splits with respect to any consumption of any user  , so there is ample room for parallelizing these procedures. An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. The GP utility model can be trained by minimising the negative log marginal likelihood of the GP with respect to the hyperparameters of the covariance function. The numhcr  , placement  , and effective use of data copies is an important design prohlem that is clearly intcrdcpcndent with query optimization and data allocation. Typically cursors involve different optimization  , execution and locking strategies depending on a variety of userspecified options. Que TwigS TwigStack/PRIX from 28  , 29 / ToXinScan vs. X that characterize the ce of an XML query optimizer that takes conjunction with two summary pruning ugmented with data r provides similar se of system catalog information in optimization strategy  ,   , which reduces space by identifying at contain the query a that suggest that  , can easily yield ude. Several plans are identified and the optimal plan is selected. 9  also describes a classification of outliers using a ball  , as a special case of One-class classification . The method for weight optimization is the same as that for query section weighting. The method was tested in the domain of robot localization. First  , the initial population is generated  , and then genetic operators  , such as Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. In the case of UCI dataset  , m i is the same for all instances in each dataset. The other sets of experiments are designed similar to the first set. However  , there may be applications where this assumption does not hold  , i.e. If p is a border object  , no objects are density-reachablefromp and p is assigned to the noise. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 8. In 22   , a scheme for utilizing semantic integrity constraints in query optimization  , using a graph theoretic approach  , is presented. The recent rapid expansion of access to information has significantly increased the demands on retrieval or classification of sentiment information from a large amount of textual data. A minor difference is the handling of time warping: Coates et al. Use EM to infer group types and estimate the remaining parameters of the model. As we can see  , Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space. We can now define the privacy  , È´µÈ´µ of a dataset with respect to the model as some function of the privacy of the individual data objects. However  , even if T does not accurately measure the likelihood that a page is good  , it would still be useful if the function could at least help us order pages by their likelihood of being good. We envision three lines of future research. We note that other researchers have termed such queries 'set queries' Gavish and Segev 19861. Thus the robots would need to explicitly coordinate which policies they &e to evaluate  , and find a way to re-do evaluations that are interrupted by battery changes. Although promising results have been shown in their work  , the problem of whether the promising results are caused by genetic programming or just because the used mutation operations are very effective is still not be addressed. Deshpande et al. Another sensitivity question is whether the search quality of the multi-probe LSH method is sensitive to different K values. Unfortunately  , restructuring of a query is not feasible if it uses different types of distance-combining functions. This query is a variant of the query used earlier to measure the performance of a sequence scan. The problem of sharing the work between multiple queries is not new. Extended Datalog is a query language enabling query optimization but it does not have the full power of a programming language. We compared the resulting ranking to the set of input rankings. 19  select ranking functions using genetic programming   , maximizing the average precision on the training data. Both approaches assume a predefined map consisting of fixed knot points. The basic idea behind our approach is similar in spirit to the one proposed by Hammcr5 and KingS for knowledge-based query optimization  , in the sense that we are also looking for optimization by semantic transformation. , 9  , 2  , and at sentence level  , e.g. A number of studies have investigated sentiment classification at document level  , e.g. This classifier is initialised with the initial clusters found in the first pair of frames and then incrementally updated there after. However  , their optimization method is based on Eq. The basic idea of global planning is the same as query optimization in database management systems. Mukhopadyay et al. According to GEM  , we do not have to find the local maximum of QΨn+1; Ψn at every M step; instead  , we only need to find a better value of Ψ in the M-step  , i.e. This is a critical requirement in handling domain knowledge  , which has flexible forms. Essentially  , the cosine is a weighted function of the features the vectors have in common. In this paper  , however  , we plan to further investigate whether genetic programming used by GenProg has the better performance over random search  , when the actual evolutionary search has started to work. These outliers were removed using DBSCAN to identify low density noise. This gives the opportunity of performing an individual  , " customized " optimization for both streams. With this parameterization of λt  , maximum-likelihood estimates of model parameters can be numerically calculated efficiently no closed form exists due to the integral term in Equation 6. The entity resolution ER problem see 14 ,3  for surveys shares many similarities with link discovery. For the image dataset  , the Table 2: Search performance comparison of different LSH methods: multi-probe LSH is most efficient in terms of space usage and time while achieving the same recall score as other LSH methods. We call this the irrelevant index set optimization. GP is a machine learning technique inspired by biological evolution to find solutions optimized for certain problem characteristics. Three runs were conducted  , one based on nouns  , one based on stylometric properties  , and one based on punctuation statistics. A key feature of both models  , the motion model and the perceptual model  , is the fact that they are differentiable. The EM approach indeed produced significant error reductions on the training dataset after just a few iterations. At query execution time  , when the actual parameter values are known  , an appropriate plan can be chosen from the set of candidates  , which can be much faster than reoptimizing the query. The major problem that multi-query optimization solves is how to find common subexpressions and to produce a global-optimal query plan for a group of queries. shows whether query graph q l has feature fi  , and z jl indicates whether database graph gj is pruned for query graph q l . , if or while statements for which both the opening brace { and the closing brace } must be present; throwing away part of such a patch results in a program that does not compile. The mathematical problem formulation is given in Section 3. The second step consists of an optimization and translation phase. A load balancing function uses the aux value associated with each RR record to sort the answers in the response's addresses. The order of the answers determines the server that will be used by the client: the client uses the first operational server from the list. Active learning approaches based on genetic programming adopt a comitteebased setting to active learning. It is important to point out their connection since semantic query optimization has largely been ignored in view maintenance literature. Moreover  , as the semantic information about the database and thus the corresponding space of semantically equivalent queries increases  , the optimization cost becomes comparable to the cost of query execution plan  , and cannot be ignored. Here  , the likelihood function that we In Phase B  , we estimate the value of μs for each session based on the parameters Θ learned in Phase A. Section 4 deals with query evaluation and optimization. Basically  , Support Vector Machine aim at searching for a hyperplane that separates the positive data points and the negative data points with maximum margin. One thus needs to consider all query types together. The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. In that work  , a deformable template method is used to optimize a likelihood function based on the proposed model. 26  introduced the idea of program repair using genetic programming  , where existing parts of code are used to patch faults in other parts of code and patching is restricted to those parts that are relevant to the fault. The parallel query plan will be dete&iined by a post optimization phase after the sequential query optimization . Obviously  , by defining a specific optimization goal  , we get different instantiations of the framework  , which correspond to different problem statements. Moreover  , most parallel or distributed query optimization techniques are limited to a heuristic exploration of the search space whereas we provide provably optimal plans for our problem setting. Additionally  , our approach synthesizes grasps  , with no a priori constraints on initial grasps  , as opposed to lo  , in which grasp primitives are learned based on a given set of grasp primitives. The introduction of an ER schema for the database improves the optimization that can be performed on GraphLog queries for example  , by exploiting functional dependencies as suggested in 25  , This means that the engineer can concentrate on the correct formulation of the query and rely on automatic optimization techniques to make it execute efficiently. To get a weighting function representing the likelihood Out of these  , the overall color intensity gradient image I I is set to be the maximum norm of the normalized gradients computed for each color channel see figure 4a. For illustration purpose a sample optimization was demonstrated. The novel optimization plan-space includes a variety of correlated and decorrelated executions of each subquery  , using VOLCANO's common sub-expression detection to prevent a blow-up in optimization complexity. DBSCAN has two parameters: Eps and MinPts. a ,e Without learning: robot expects object to move straight forward. They formalized the problem as that of classification and employed Support Vector Machines as the classifier. The tripwise LTD file records are indexes of consolidated stoppages made during trips. We show how the discovery of link specifications can consequently be modeled as a genetic programming problem. introduced an automatic patch generation technique 5. This way  , symbolic sequences can be automatically compared to detect similarities  , class patients  , etc. All non-RDF datasets were transformed into RDF and all string properties were set to lower case. However  , the multi-query optimization technique can provide maximized capabilities of data sharing across queries once multiple queries are optimized as a batch. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS I am grateful to my supervisor Kalervo J~velin  , and to the FIRE group: Heikki Keskustalo  , Jaana Kekiilainen  , and others. Using this probabilistic formulation of the localization problem  , we can estimate the uncertainty in the localization in terms of both the variance of the estimated positions and the probability that a qualitative failure has occurred. To explore the practicality of this approach  , we have implemented it and conducted an experimental study. One is the time-dependent content similarity measure between queries using the cosine kernel function; another is the likelihood for two queries to be grouped in a same cluster from the click-through data given the timestamp. We now present the form of the likelihood function appearing in Eqs. To give the optimizer more transformation choices  , relational query optimization techniques first expand all views referenced in a query and then apply cost-based optimization strategies on the fully expanded query 16 22 . TTnfortllllat.ely  , query optimization of spatial data is different from that of heterogeneous databases because of the cost function. Learning the TRFG model is to estimate a parameter configuration θ = {α}  , {β}  , {μ} to maximize the log-likelihood objective function Oα  , β  , μ. Therefore  , we follow the same principle as LUBM where query patterns are stated in descending order  , w.r.t. , GGT96  , SMY90. And does this have impact with our technique ? with match probability S as per equation 1  , the likelihood function becomes a binomial distribution with parameters n and S. If M m  , n is the random variable denoting m matches out of n hash bit comparisons  , then the likelihood function will be: Let us denote the similarity simx  , y as the random variable S. Since we are counting the number of matches m out of n hash comparison  , and the hash comparisons are i.i.d. This lower optimization cost is probably just an artifact of a smaller search space of plans within the query optimizer  , and not something intrinsic to the query itself. Segmentations to piecewise constant functions were done with the greedy top-down method  , and the error function was the sum of squared errors which is proportional to log-likelihood function with normal noise. Finally  , the reduction in the number of merge operations from 3 to 2 results in less copying of data  , and thus better performance. 4. These operations provide the framework to enable useful extensions to data modeling. This combination of attributes is generally designed to be unique with a high likelihood and  , as such  , can function as a device identifier. At every region knowledge wurces are act ivatad consecutively completing alternative query evaluation plans. Our approach allows both safe optimization and approximate optimization. For both the image data set and the audio data set  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables by a factor of 14 to 18. Data is not replicated and is guaranteed to be fresh at query time. So  , the query offers opportunities for optimization. A catalog service in a large distributed system can be used to determine which nodes should receive queries based on query content. To achieve high search accuracy  , the LSH method needs to use multiple hash tables to produce a good candidate set. Because of this  , any estimate for which falls outside of this range is quite unlikely  , and it is reasonable to remove all such solutions from consideration by choosing appropriate bounds. is equal to the probability density function reflecting the likelihood that the reachability-distance of p w.r.t. Finding the appropriate parameters for DB- SCAN and identifying cluster boundaries in OPTICS are challenges to the user. Then  , DBSCAN visits the next object of the database D. The retrieval of density-reachable objects is performed by successive region queries. Using conditional compilation allows the compiler freedom to produce the most efficient code for each query optimization technique. In a follow-up work 7 the authors propose a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function. The optimization techniques being currently implemented in our system are : the rewriting of the FT 0 words into RT o   , a generalization of query modification in order to minimize the number of transitions appearing in the query PCN  , the transformation of a set of database updates into an optimized one as SellisgS does  , and the " push-up " of the selections. In HSI  , for each singer characteristic model  , a logistic function is used as a combination function C s to derive an overall likelihood score. A large majority of them are either provably or potentially unstable. The knowcenter group classified the topic-relevant blogs using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset. ever developed a LSHLocality Sensitive Hashing based method1  to perform calligraphic character recognition. Considering the log-likelihood function f : SO3 → R given by To our knowledge  , Mariposa was never deployed or simulated on more than a dozen machines  , and offered no new techniques for query execution  , only for query optimization and storage replication. The trade-off between re-optimization and improved runtime must be weighed in order to be sure that reoptimization will result in improved query performance. Figure 10depicts the values of MaxUpdates depending on n for fde values of up to 0.5 which is the maximum value to be expected in most real applications. The focus of our paper is on the problem of linking sentiment expressions to the mentions they target. 2. mi. Yet another important advantage is that the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. As a result  , many runtime checks are avoided. This differs from the simple-minded approach above  , where only a single starting pose is used for hill-climbing search  , and which hence might fail to produce the global maximum and hence the best map. Then the loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model  , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. Although LSH can be applied on the projected data using a metric learned via NCA or LMNN  , any such independent two stage method will be sub-optimal in getting a good bit vector representation. There are several open challenges for our CQ architecture. The logistic function is widely used as the likelihood function  , which is defined as The optimal value of a is sought to maximally constrain the object model. In this demo  , we highlight the schema-based optimization SQO on one abstraction level. Therefore  , the optimization function is changed to Perhaps surprisingly  , transaction rates are not problematic. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 18. Secondly  , many query optimizers work on algebraic representations of queries  , and try to optimize the order of operations to minimize the cost while still computing an algebraically equivalent query. TWO examples of P  d  as a function of d. See text. We use document-at-a-time scoring  , and explore several query optimization techniques. We defer discussing the possible reason to Section 6. Genetic Programming has been widely used and approved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management. Summarized  , despite the issue that many PDFs could not be converted  , the rule based heuristic we introduced in this paper  , delivers good results in extracting titles from scientific PDFs 77.9% accuracy. The confidence of the learned classifier is then used as a similarity metric for the records. Query Operators and Optimization: If a declarative query language is specified  , the E-ADT must provide optimization abilities that will translate a language expression into a query evaluation plan in some evaluation algebra. Compared to the global re-optimization of query plans  , our inspection approach can be regarded as a complementary   , local optimization technique inside the hash join operator. Therefore  , the AUCEC scores of a random selection method under full credit will depend on the underlying distribution of bugs: large bugs are detected with a high likelihood even when inspecting only a few lines at random  , whereas small bugs are unlikely to be detected when inspecting 5% of lines without a good selection function. Most of the existing hashing approaches are uni-modal hashing. DBSCAN proved very sensitive to the parameter settings. , 4  , 5  , 8 ; however   , the accuracy is still less than desirable. The distribution of these points is shown in Fig 9. DBSCAN is used to cluster the entire data set. The query optimization operation in the proposed form is restricted to the Boolean IR model since it presumes that the query results are distinct sets. Furthermore  , documents with high path lengths are more specialized and thus tend to use a more specialized vocabulary. In comparison with the entropy-based LSH method  , multi-probe LSH reduces the space requirement by a factor of 5 to 8 and uses less query time  , while achieving the same search quality. While we do have some existing solutions  , these are topics that we are currently exploring further. The shallow semantic parser we use is the ASSERT parser  , which is trained on the PropBank Kingsbury et al.