In our experiments  , we chose CHESS v0.1.30626.0 21 and SATABS v2.5 6 as two of the most widely used verification tools. Arabic  , the same retrieval system was also used for monolingual experiments. We experimented with ways to initialize the starting values. , a method name was misspelled and corrected in the next change set  , a developer reverted to the old version of a class  , etc. Our deep learning model has a ranking based objective which aims at ranking positive examples items that users like higher than negative examples. For each leaf node  , there is a unique assigned path from the root which is encoded using binary digits. The retrieval evaluation metric is AP . McCarley 28 trained a statistical MT system from a parallel corpus  , applied it to perform QT and DT  , and showed that the combination of scores from QT and DT drastically improved either method alone. If the action ranges are overly conservative  , the planner may not find a solution even when one exists. The complexity of finding regular paths in graphs was investigated in 15 and 7. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work in Description Logics towards providing a quantitative measure of inconsistencies. Fixing the evolution of all ujt's  , 1 ≤ j ≤ n  , and all random choices of the mechanism  , i.e. Finally  , a sequence of upper characters in the fullname UN is compared to a sequence of upper characters in the abbreviations. 3represents the largest possible output power for one side of the vehicle  , which is 51 W. Generally speaking  , the torque limit constraint 5 is what causes deceleration when climbing a steep hill  , while the power constraint 6 limits the speed of the vehicle while traveling on either horizontal or sloped terrains. This is a critical requirement in handling domain knowledge  , which has flexible forms. We start from a theoretical model based on Game Theory   , which builds on a few assumptions and leads us to our first result  , linking TCT with inclination to risk. For the text search  , we make a use of the functionalities of the full-text search engine library. As a result  , it may have false positives. The wordlist contains about 145 ,000 entries. However   , the materialized views considered by all of the above works are traditional views expressed in SQL. In this paper  , we presented Tweet2Vec  , a novel method for generating general-purpose vector representation of tweets  , using a character-level CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder architecture . Mechanism design is a branch of game theory aiming at designing a game so that it can attain the designer's social objective after being played for a certain period or when it reaches an equilibrium state  , assuming all players are rational. We also can define image features as a mapping from C. This means that a robot trajectory in configuration space will yield a trajectory in the image feature space. Note that the ffmith's principle can be applied independently of a particular form of manipulator controller and  , therefore  , other form of a manipulator controller can be chosen as well. The implemented similarity search system tremendously extends the accessibility to the data in a flexible and precise way. To give the optimizer more transformation choices  , relational query optimization techniques first expand all views referenced in a query and then apply cost-based optimization strategies on the fully expanded query 16 22 . A way to avoid local minima is the use of simulated annealing on the potential field representation of the obstacle regions: the potential field represents abstractly the obstacle region and  , as time goes by  , the representation becomes more accurate. Where needed an informal explanation of the mapping rule is given and finally a formal definition using first-order predicate logic is given. A similar idea has been applied successfully to statistical language modeling 5  , showing improved performance of the cache language model. Another important difference is that the transfer function model used in 4 Net tip position yt may then differ substantially from y 't and exhibit large oscillations. Furthermore   , we developed a mix of six tSPARQL queries. We measured the effectiveness of our techniques in terms of average retrieval precision which was computed using the standard 11 recall-point measurement for TREC. This accomplishes one of our goals of involving time information to improve today's search engine. BBN9MONO BBN9XLA BBN9XLB BBN9XLC 0.2888 0.3401 0.3326 0.3099 Table 3shows the impact of query expansion on cross-lingual retrieval performance. Finally  , the user interacts with the results. In other words  , the keyword/content based similarity calculation is very inaccurate due to the short length of queries. By taking the underlying structure into account  , manifold ranking assigns each data point a relative ranking score  , instead of an absolute pairwise similarity as traditional ways. All results  , in the form of question  , docid  pairs were automatically scored using NIST-supplied scripts designed to simulate human judgments with regular expression patterns. To find a cluster  , DBSCAN starts with an arbitrary object p in D and retrieves all objects of D density-reachable from p with respect to Eps and MinPfs. Then the key phrases are used as queries to query the image search engine for the images relevant to the topics of the web page. After that  , we submit four runs for CLIR official evaluation this year. 3 9 queries with monolingual average precision higher than CLIR. If it fails to answer the query it returns the first result returned by Google for that query. Given a query topic Qs = {s1  , s2  , ..  , sn}  , we denote its correct translation as This is the well known straight insertion sort. This is similar to simulated annealing techniques 2. reflect intent popularity over time ? Notice that unlike in the dynamic programming where we gradually increase the precision of d PPR By 6 we need to calculate SPPR k u efficiently in small space. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed control method for the exoskeleton  , upper-lib motion assist bower assist experiment has be& carried out with tbree healthy human subjects Subject A and B are 22 years old males  , Subject C is 23 years old male. Similar to the works described in this paper  , a Self-Organizing Map is used to cluster the resulting feature vectors. 3-grams CharGrams 3 comes in third with an F1 score of 95.97. To avoid over-fitting  , we constrain the gis by imposing an L2 penalty term. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first investigation about how well a topic model such as PLSA can help capture hidden aspects in novelty information retrieval. Knowing the common structural motifs in a set of coregulated RNA sequences will help us better understand the regulation mechanism. Thus  , the training time for the simulated annealing method can be greatly reduced. It breaks the task at hand into the following components: 1. a tensor construction stage of building user-item-tag correlation; 2. a tensor decomposition stage learning factors for each component mode; 3. a stage of tensor completion  , which computes the creativity value of tag pairs; and 4. a recommender stage that ranks the candidate items according to both precision and creative consideration . Some semantic-relevance images that can not be found under the typical visual bag-of-words model were successfully retrieved. RQ4. To reduce the amount of " noise " from pages unrelated to the active search task that may pollute our data we introduced some termination activities that we used to determine the end-points of search trails: Once positioned on a node  , the user can move in all directions  , node by node  , can Jump to a node label if labelling of the tree was previously requested or can search a node under a condition which ob- viously is a node type i.e. Given a task-oriented search task represented by query q  , we first retrieve a list of candidate tasks from the procedural knowledge base that mention the query q in either the summary or the explanation. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function  , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. Temporal entities and percents are recognized with the Alembic system 1. Similar to 18  , 20 introduces a system  , TagAssist  , designed to suggest tags for blog posts. The number of traversals is bounded by the total number of elements in the model and view at hand. To answer this question  , we compare users' search behavior in the initial query of a session with that in subsequent query reformulations. I 1Displacement control with inverse transfer function compensation integrals  , the output of the compensator is generally stable. This control gave users only the search panel and the player  " tape recorder "  component described above. A challenge in any search optimization including ours is deriving statistics about variables used in the model; we have presented a few methods to derive these statistics based on data and statistics that is generally available in search engines. Citation links and other similarity measures form a directed graph with documents as the nodes and similarity relationships as the edges. In the experiment  , we used three datasets  , including both the publicly benchmark dataset and that obtained from a commercial search engine. If the outer query already uses GROUP-BY then the above optimization can not be applied. Approximate-match based dictionary lookup was studied under the context of string similarity search in application scenarios such as data cleaning and entity extraction e.g. The values of normalization constant   , U and learning rate q were empirically set to 0.06 and 0.04  , respectively. The content panel can display various media such as a web browser  , drawing canvas or code editor. Recently  , ranking based objective function has shown to be more effective in giving better recommendation as shown in 11. Our CLIR experiments used the Lucy search engine developed by the Search Engine Group 5 at RMIT University. For example  , considering average number of queries  , total time  , and prevalence of such sessions  , common tasks include: discovering more information about a specific topic 6.8 queries  , 13.5 min  , 14% of sessions; comparing products or services 6.8 q  , 24.8 m  , 12%; finding facts about a person 6.9 q  , 4.8 m  , 3.5%; and learning how to perform a task 13 q  , 8.5 m  , 2.5%. For query optimization  , we show how the DataGuide can be used as a parh index. Instead  , we use specialized domains such as patents or Wikipedia where relevance information can be induced from the citation or link structure. Depending on the application  , these domains could involve dimensionality equal to if not larger than the number of input vectors. Traditionally  , motion fields have been very noise sensitive as minimization over small regions results in noisy estimates. PF  , CmF  , TF  , CtF denotes the results when our frameworks used personal features  , community features  , textual features  , and contextual features  , respectively. Queries belonging to this URL pattern have to return at least two columns. The block diagram of this control system is illustrated in Figure 6.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. the optimization time of DPccp is always 1. For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers  , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. This generic representation  , is a list of regular expressions  , where each regular expression represents the links in a page the crawler has to follow to reach the target pages. While generating the plans for the nested blocks we consider only those plans that require a parameter sort order no stronger than the one guaranteed by the outer block. The simulated annealing method is used in order not to be trapped into a bad local optimum. The words expressing method or protocol such as method  , protocol  , approach  , and technique were collected in a dictionary  , which was used for query expansion in topics 100-109. Figures 5 and 6 show screen shots of advanced search and the search result page respectively. A related research is to perform query expansion to enhance CLIR 2  , 18. This year We have tested two different methods for query expansion based on DbPedia and UMLS. One important aspect of query optimization is to detect and to remove redundant operations  , i.e. However  , query classification was not extensively applied to query dependent ranking  , probably due to the difficulty of the query classification problem. For instance  , the top 20 retrieved documents have a mean relevance value of 4.2 upon 5  , versus 2.7 in the keyword search. The situation today is that the modeling facilities of most programming and simulation systems are not capable of describing either the full dynamic behaviour of the total robot system nor the use of external sensor feed-back in the generation of control data. In other words  , the goal of our first experiment is to derive   , from a corpus of XSD definitions  , the regular expression content models in the schema for XML Schema Definitions 3 . , metacrawler 3 and many W eb users build their own meta-search engines. Therefore  , the resulting specification automaton is not going to correspond to a minimal specification in the set F φ T   , in general. We will exploit the size difference between the sort key and the entire record by sending only sort keys from the data sites to the merge sites. Results and performances of different models and combinations are described in The proposed two-stages model using comparable corpora '4' showed a better improvement in average precision compared to '3'  , the simple model one stage and approached the performance of the dictionary-based model '2' with 79.02%. A notification protocol waq designed to handle this case. Xu and Weischedel 19 estimated an upper bound on CLIR performance. After the first stage of pLSA learning  , a document di can be described in terms of semantic features P z k |di as well as word features ndi  , wj. These are topics of future research. Only these two changes are propagated to ICO. call this distributed out-of-core sort. Although White  , like all of the reviewers  , did use concept search  , and similarity search  , he found that the predictive coding rankings using a more robust technology proved to be more effective overall. Both Kwok's method and MDF were found to achieve retrieval effectiveness values similar to that obtained with Pirkola's structured query method  , so Kwok's method seems to be a good basis from which to build probabilistic structured query methods. All combinations of independent variables were presented  , with each combination of topic 3 visuality x 4 difficulty being presented randomly  , and then for each topic all combinations of image size and relevance level 3 sizes x 2 relevance levels were presented randomly as a block. This means that both documents are guaranteed to belong to the result set of a query consisting of the shared term/phrase. Our experiment showed that short queries tend to benefit more from query expansion. However  , current search engines do not support the table search. The Local query expansion method can be formalized as follows. When ranking a query-document pair q  , d  , NCM LSTM QD uses behavior information from historical query sessions generated by the query q and whose SERPs contain the document d. NCM LSTM QD+Q also uses behavioral information from all historical query sessions generated by the query q  , which helps  , e.g. As in 7  , quarterly data were the most stable ones. Each search term that contributed to the retrieval of that document was identified matched in the search statement and the displayed relevant documents and assigned a portion of the weighting of 1. Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood. For Lemur  , the distribution decreases from We have explored a CLIR method for MEDLINE using only the multilingual Metathesaurus for query translation . Furthermore  , on extracting slot values  , pattern matching might not be the best options but definitely can produce some good results at hand. A standard dynamic programming induction can be employed to show that at Line 10  , the value of Aj *  is the maximum possible likelihood  , given the total order constraint. While dynamic programming enables reasonably efficient inference   , it results in computationally expensive learning  , as optimization of the objective function during learning is an iterative procedure which runs complete inference over the current model at each iteration. In our model  , we connect two components through a set of shared factors  , that is  , the latent factors in the second component for contents are tied to the factors in the first component for links. Cross language information retrieval CLIR is often based on using a bilingual translation dictionary to translate queries from a source language to the target language in which the documents to be retrieved are written e.g. This search engine recommender SER utilizes that the HTTP referrer information typically contains the search terms keywords of the user KMT00. Using the similarity  , we can define the measure of Semantic Relevance or SRw i   , e as follows: At this time  , the side edge is joined slopes in stead of steps  , so zigzag is reduced obviously. In addition to the query-term most collections permit the specification of search concepts to limit the search to a certain concept. Elastic Search 1 is a search server based on Lucene that provides the ability to quickly build scalable search engines. For the sensor selection problem we use dynamic programming in a similar fashion. A new approach for a mobile robot to explore and navigate in an indoor environment that combines local control via cost associated to cells in the travel space with a global exploration strategy using a dynamic programming technique has been described. Given this automaton  , we can use dynamic programming to find the most likely state sequence which replicates the data. Focused crawling  , while quite efficient and effective does have some drawbacks. We would like the user to control what terms to be ultimately used to expand his/her query. Unlike traditional predictive display where typically 3D world coordinate CAD modeling is done  , we do not assume any a-priori information. Query expansion is one method to solve the above prob- lem 4  , 5 . A search trail is represented by an ordered sequence of user actions. XOBE is an extension of Java  , which does support XPath expressions  , but subtyping is structural. Tables present structural data and relational information in a two-dimensional format and in a condensed fashion. The composite effects of query expansion and query length suggest that WebX should be applied to short queries  , which contain less noise that can be exaggerated by Web expansion  , and non-WebX should be applied to longer queries  , which contain more information that query expansion methods can leverage. This full range results naturally from the fact that our user models allow the interest elements to have weights from -1 to +1 to represent the full spectrum of interest intensities from hate to love. The paper is organized as follows. search facility  , a library search engine or a newswire retrieval system. In all cases  , the PL hypothesis provides a p-value much lower than 0.1 our choice of the significance level of the KS-test. The search follows scoping rules. – Random query terms are sent to the fulltext search interface of the archive if present and from the search response we learn the URIs that it holds. 2 In addition  , we removed all requests that supposedly come from web bots  , using the regular expression . The work 6 describes other large-scale pattern matching examples. Our work differs from them as we use prime path coverage  , which subsumes all other graph coverage criteria  , to generate the event sequences. In this paper  , we proposed a new approach to model the similarity search problem  , namely the k-n-match problem . To test whether CLIR systems that perform well in the news stories domain are robust enough to simply be used in a different domain  , we have compared SYSTRAN easiest  , most convenient choice that worked extremely well in past evaluation forums and two corpus-based methods trained on the Springer corpus. , 4 and LD see e.g. Using these measures  , PRF appears beneficial in most CLIR experiments  , as using PRF seems to consistently produce higher average precision than baseline systems. The value of a function mapping is a member of the enumerated set FN-RETURN = { Preconditlon-Error  , Previous-Menuf Prevlous-Screen  , Master-Menu-Or-Exit  , Screen-Error }. Our experiments this year for the TREC 1-Million Queries Track focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine 4. From the above results  , we conclude that the representation q 2 of a query q provides the means to transfer behavioral information between query sessions generated by the query q. In 6  , a multiple alignment method is proposed using multidimensional dynamic programming. However  , it would be unclear how to choose a good cutoff point on the ranked list of retrieved results. If for every execution history h witnessed in the traces  , if h is included in the language of re 1   , then it is also included in the language of re 2 then re 2 is preferred. Executor traverses the query plan tree and carries out join operations sequentially according to join sequence numbers determined by Optimizer. One potential reason for shortcomings of ontological search is that MeSH was used as a primary hierarchy for hyponym extraction . These values for the constraints were decided after observing the experimental results. In the novel ranking model proposed in this paper  , the following three relevance criteria are considered. by avoiding re-hashing if such information was easily available. Based on these inputs  , the inverted files are searched for words that have features that correspond to the features of the search key and each word gets a feature score based on its similarity to the search key. The fact that it has been successfully applied to similar problems  , has motivated us to use it as a basis for discovering good similarity functions for record replica identification. The position model used in this research is a 20 degree of freedom DOF lumped-spring-mass-damper model based on the work of Oakley 16. A search session within the same query is called a search session  , denoted by s. Clicks on sponsored ads and other web elements are not considered in one search session. In practice  , the proposed deep learning approach often needs to handle a huge amount of training examples in high dimensional feature spaces for the user view. The multi-probe LSH method proposed in this paper is inspired by but quite different from the entropybased LSH method. The FSM stores partial results as the document is parsed sequentially in document order. However  , as the translation resource is constant across the experiments in the paper  , we were confident this would not affect the comparison of triangulation to other CLIR techniques. Our focus on constant prints allows us to perform exhaustive search for repairs  , ensuring both completeness and minimality. Since the mapping from I-space t o W-space is continuous  , and since a sphere is an orientable surface  , so is the cylinder surface. Using a depth-first search-based summary method DFS does not perform well in our experiments. On each capture  , the returned documents are captured and recorded. This is essentially a branch-and-bound method. We chose the TRECvid search task partly because it provides an interesting complex search task involving several modalities text  , image  , and concept similarity and partly to leverage existing experience e.g. Expecting to find a HTML button  , they may press " B " to jump only among buttons narrowing down their search space and reducing the amount of information they have to listen to. It is known that spatialized sound may increase the sense of presence in VEs 5. The operator communicates to the robot via four hand signs: point  , preshape  , halt  , and estop emergency stop. Planning of motion has exploited the strength of simulated annealing 15  , distributed approaches 13 ,16-171  , closed-chain reconfiguration  181 and multi-layered solvers  10 ,12 ,19. B+R means ranking document with AND condition of every non-stopword in a query. As described in q  , each tuple has a system-defined attribute called count which keeps track of the number of original tuples as stored in the relational database that are represented by the current generalized tuple. However   , through   , δ–correctness we can see that no magic is going on  , as for all datasets these scores actually did decrease ; the incomplete training data hinders both methods in grasping the true data distribution. As of now we do not perform any person specific disambiguation however one could treat acknowledged persons as coauthors and use random forest based author disambiguation 30 . In particular  , the random forest classifier achieves an AUC value of 0.71 in a cross-project setting  , but yields a lower AUC value of 0.67 in a within-project setting. They proposed a similarity measure that uses shortest path length  , depth and local density in a taxonomy. Another important operation that is supported is contentbased similarity retrieval. Usually  , interesting orders are on the join column of a future join  , the grouping attributes from the group by clause  , and the ordering attributes from the order by clause. All that the user needs to specify in invoking this procedure is the name of the file containing the data and the context word by which the paragraphs are to be selected. 5.2 Structured search using search engines. In order to follow the edges in one direction in time  , we treat the edges between topic nodes as directed edges. Most implemented path planners have been developed for mobile robots and manipulators with a few degrees of freedom dof. These questions can be answered by writing a schema that uses information found within the CIA World Factbook. 7  proposed a new approach to automatically generate term weighting strategies for different contexts  , based on genetic programming GP. Thus we expand the test query  , and then use the expended query on the matching method. This transfer function in itself is not really of interest to us as it does not include the spring dynamics. In this work  , we pursue the same direction but using a query expansion technique different from those used by previous researchers. To our best knowledge  , we are the first to use visual saliency maps in search scenario. proposed a contextual computing approach to improve personalized search efficiency 4. Typically  , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7  , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. The transient performance has been dramatically improved as indicated in the error power spectrum as well as the error plot in the time domain. In general  , language modeling approaches to retrieval rely on collection frequency CF in place of DF: Corpus-based approaches to CLIR have generally developed within a framework based on language modeling rather than vector space models  , at least in part because modern statistical translation frameworks offer a natural way of integrating translation and language models 19. The labels show the topic numbers. We did run experiments for both language pairs and found PDT was at least as effective as PSQ  , but adding statistical synonymy knowledge to unidirectional translation could hurt CLIR performance. Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. The following table lists all combinations of metric and distance-combining function and indicates whether a precomputational scheme is available ++  , or  , alternatively   , whether early abort of distance combination is expected to yield significant cost reduction +: distance-combining func But IO-costs dominate with such queries  , and the effect of the optimization is limited. We analyzed the contribution of the various features to the model by measuring their average rank across the three classifiers   , as provided by the Random Forest. The cost of evaluating inner query block can vary significantly depending on the parameter sort order guaranteed by the outer query block. These specific technical problems are solved in the rest of the paper. The corresponding feature vector ϕq  , c would then have two binary features ϕq  , c = 1  , if c is last click; 0 else 1  , if c is not last click; 0 else . An order is interesting if it is on grouping or join columns of the query since such orders may be useful in a future join or a group-by operation . , 2009a used Category-based Similarity to rank the resources and Arguello et al. Bottema and Roth 1979 introduce this mapping directly and study the image curves which represent the coupler motion of a planar four bar linkage. The two NLP tools required by this system are: recognition of basic syntactic phrases  , i.e. But combining these sources would presumably improve effectiveness of CTIR  , much as evidence combination has aided CLIR 25. 'Slight errors' include wrongly encoded special characters or  , for instance  , the inclusion of single characters such as '*' at the end of the title. These parts tend to be shorter. Our main interest in using clarification forms was to evaluate different techniques for selecting MWUs and phrases for interactive query expansion. The matching degree is calculated in two parts. Moreover  , since we apply query expansion in all our submitted runs  , we also measure the above two correlation measures without query expansion  , in order to check how query expansion affects the effectiveness of our predictors. Indeed  , the computational strategy adopted consists of a hierarchical model fitting  , which limits the range of labeling possibilities. Although gathered at an early stage in the evolution of aspect-oriented programming  , these empirical results can help evolve the approach in several ways. Thus  , each agent acquired its action rules in or der to appro­ priately use those rules in various situations. In Section 4  , we give an illustrative example to explain different query evaluation strategies that the model offers. Combined with the intensity measure  , these features point to a more temporally structured query. The liberty to choose any feature detector is the advantage of this method. This approach is particularly useful in that it provides seamless access to personalized projects from other applications. After enough information about previously-executed  , empty-result queries has been accumulated in C aqp   , our method can often successfully detect empty-result queries and avoid the expensive query execution. Many studies on similarity search over time-series databases have been conducted in the past decade. A passage importance score is given to each passage unit and extended terms are selected in LCA. For example  , the performance with K = 30 is worse than the that with K = 20. One key question is how to determine the weights for kernel combination. The second column  , the Search section  , contains three sub sections: one devoted to entering a query  , one to displaying results and a third to displaying history of search activities. This evaluation metric has been widely used in literatures 2735. A' search is used to generate these paths. To explore the practicality of this approach  , we have implemented it and conducted an experimental study. Noting that the transfer function in 0-space between applied torques and resulting accelerations is nearly diagonal  , we treat the system as though it  , is two decoupled  , second order systems. 2 Billerbeck  , B. and J. Zobel 2004. we define how the orientation of thr: part changes during a basic pull action. This led us to develop a dynamic substitution system  , whereby a generic regular expression was populated at runtime using the tagged contents of the sentence it was being applied to. memory-based and model-based. The location of a dot in the graph is based on the type of query that was performed. , are proven to have convex properties SI. Equation 1 8 shows a twodimensional example for choice of D  s l where m l and m2  , representing the apparent masses in various directions  , are the designers choice. Our path planning approach provides flexibility due to the automatic use of as many VPs as necessary based on the complexity of the planned path  , efficiency due to the use of the necessary via points for the path representation at all times  , and massive parallelism due to the parallel computation of individual VP motions with only local infonnation. The approach relies on a classifier to suggest the topperforming engine for a given search query  , based on features derived from the query and from the properties of search result pages  , such as titles  , snippets  , and URLs of the top-ranked documents . Experimental results have shown that the costs for order optimization can have a large impact on the total costs of query optimization 3. But what happens if the grasping configuration doesn't follow any of the simple built-in action models ? In this year's task  , the summary is operationalized by a list of non-redundant  , chronologically ordered tweets that occur before time t. In the ad hoc search  , we apply a learning to rank framework with the help of the official API. Link clause expressions are boolean combinations of link clauses  , where each link clause is semantically a boolean condition on two columns and is specified using either a a native method; b a user-defined function UDF; or c a previously defined linkspec. Although MSIR has attained very little attention explicitly   , many tangentially related problems like CLIR and transliteration for IR do discuss some of the issues of MSIR. We demonstrate that the standard approach is no better than dynamic time warping  , and both are significantly less accurate than the current state of the art. HTML 1.0 5 provided basic document formatting and hyperlinks for online browsing; HTML 2.0 6 ushered in a more dynamic  , interactive web by defining forms to capture and submit user input. Furthermore  , to the best of our knowledge  , SLIDIR is the first system specifically designed to retrieve and rank synthetic images. The model learns word embeddings for source and target language words which are aligned over the dim embedding dimensions and may be represented in the same shared inter-lingual embedding space. We now give examples of derivable relational concepts such as relational algebra and integrity constraints. Annotated Pattern Trees accept edge matching specifications that can lift the restriction of the traditional oneto-one relationship between pattern tree node and witness tree node. The successive samples evolve from a large population with many redundant data points to a small population with few redundant data points. Apart from the continuous and discrete paradigms  , some emerging simulation techniques are also observed in SPS studies  , e.g. In this paper a set of operator models .was generated. Experimental results show the PLSA model works effectively for recommending questions. The concept features can be derived from different pLSA models with different concept granularities and used together. The proposed system uses that information along with pure training samples defined by an unsupervised approach   , in a hybrid classification scheme. Additionally  , there is no natural way to assign probability to new documents. Another ap- proach 19 is to learn regular expression-like rules for data in each column and use these expressions to recognize new examples. The main reason for this inconsistency is the hard demotion rule: users might have different demotion preferences for different queries  , and it's most impossible for an editor to predefine the combination rules given the plurality of possibilities. In a first pilot study 71  , we determined whether the tasks have suitable difficulty and length. For every group  , a regular expression is identified. For low similarity thresholds or very skewed distributions of document lengths  , however  , LSH remains the method-of-choice as it provides the most versatile and tunable toolkit for high-dimensional similarity search. It is of the following form: Deep learning with top-down transfer DL+TT: The same architecture and training set as DL except for the ontology priors embedded in the top  , fully connected layer. Figures 3 and 4 summarize the results. All their implementations are from Weka 3 40. Let g i be the guard obtained from g i by replacing every parameter of lib by the corresponding argument passed to it at c. CNNs are powerful classifiers due to their ability to automatically learn discriminative features from the input data. Furthennore  , Table Ishows that  , in the Switching-Q case  , the rates fall in all situations  , comparing with the 90% uf after-learning situatiun in Single-Q case. There is a wide  , possibly infinite range of text features that can be designed to estimate the relevance of a candidate answer for the purpose of answer ranking. Our approach differs in three ways: our method for finding the internal grasp force can be carried on efficiently during the computation of the robot dynamics 9; we use a penalty-based optimization rather than a potentially exponential search; and we deal directly with the frictional constraints  , which requires knowing or estimating only the coefficient of kinetic friction between the fin ers and the grasped object. The controller is based on the real-time dynamic programming technique of Barto  , Bradtke & Singh 1994 . Tuples can be removed from a tuple space by executing inp. Furthermore  , the search in OASIS is driven by a suffix tree  , which results in significant pruning of the search space. The CLIR model described in 5 is based on the following decomposition: In particular  , the models proposed in 5  , 18  , 1 are considered. Web mash-ups have explored the potential for combining information from multiple sources on the web. Techniques were used for query expansion  , tokenization  , and eliminating results due solely to matching an acronym on the query side with an acronymic MeSH term. In CLIR  , queries can be expanded prior to translation  , after translation or both before and after translation. Our evaluation shows that the multi-probe LSH method substantially improves over the basic and entropy-based LSH methods in both space and time efficiency. They show that  , by including the click-through data  , their model achieves better performance compared to the PLSA. In this paper we present a general framework to model optimization queries. All similarity matrices we applied were derived from our color similarity search system. In this section  , we analyze the characteristics of categories on Pinterest and Twitter. The simulated annealing program is based on that of 18. Model fitting and selection takes on average 7 ms  , and thus can be easily computed in real-time on a mobile robot. These 690 requests were targeting 30 of our 541 monitored shells  , showing that not all homephoning shells will eventually be accessed by attackers. The rightmost thread contains the discussion in hypertext system in the late 80's such as hypertext system implementation Topic 166 and 224 and formal defintion of hypertext system using petrinet Topic 232. For instance  , unless in expert mode  , options that require a regular expression to be entered are suppressed. Now that a nondimensional controller has been designed   , it remains to be seen how this controller will perform in the dimensional domain on actual SFL manipulators . If the regular expression matches an instance it is safe to return a validity assessment. This gives the system the ability to handle failures or unexpected events that occur during the execution proces. DBSCAN produced a group of 10 clusters from the log data with around 20% classified as 'noise' – points too far away from any of the produced clusters to be considered for inclusion and discarded from further analyses. Given an existing single-machine indexer  , one simple way to take advantage of MapReduce is to leverage reducers to merge indexes built on local disk. Abnormal aging and fault will result in deviations with respect to normal conditions. Prior work captured the effect of excessive terms appearing only in the document on the ranking score mainly by their contribution to overall document context or structure. In this section we propose a method to make use of this information by encoding it into a feature weighting strategy that can be used to weight features in a tweet collection to address a topic classification task. ?. In each scenario we had 10 indexes for each team member and 55 different access combinations  , although the indexes in S4 are of different size to S1  , S2 and S3 because in S1  , S2 and S3 we can theoretically exclude everything from the collection whereas for S4 this is dependent on the query pool. Relational optimizers thus do global optimization by looking inside all referenced views. We thus regard the distance of an expansion term to the query term as a measure of relatedness. Next  , we study the Pearson product-moment correlation between user j's disclosure score θ j and the user's five personality scores  , plus three additional attributes  , namely sex  , number of social contacts  , and age. Some of the most important features of the system include:  Three levels of search Users can select from basic search  , advanced search  , or expert search mode. Lib exposes a public API  , createSocket  , which constructs Socket objects on behalf of its clients. While some projects have attempted to derive the semantic relevance of discrete search results  , at least sufficiently to be able to group them into derived categories after the fact 27  , the unstructured nature of the Web makes exploring relationships among pages  , or the information components within pages  , difficult to determine. The details regarding the ARX programming environment are explained in the Appendix. An autoencoder can also have hidden layer whose size is greater than the size of input layer. We defined transformation rules on top of the SQGM to provide means for rewriting and simplifying the query formulation. The only interesting orders that are generated are those that are due to choice of a join method e.g. It provides a software toolkit for construction of mobileaware applications. In other words  , even if some slots cannot be matched  , the bigram model can still yield a high match score by combining those matched slots' unigram probabilities. The document matching module is a typical term-based search engine. The intended action is highlighted on the bottom half and the top half is the permission pattern. Briefly  , the simplest and most practical mechanism for recognizing patterns specified using regular expressions is a Finite State Machine FSM. We adopted existing code for SQL cross-matching queries 2 and added a special xmatch pattern to simplify queries. The complexity of this approach is exponential in the number of weights  , and consequently it cannot be used with more than a few such parameters. An interesting property of hierarchical feature maps is the tremendous speed-up as compared to the self-organizing map. One salient feature of our modeling is the judicious use of hyperparameters  , which can be recursively updated in order to obtain up-to-date posterior distribution and to estimate new model parameters. A search trail originates with the submission of a query to a search engine and contains all queries and post-query navigation trails 27. There has also been a lot of work on the use of constraints in query optimization of relational queries 7  , 13  , 25. Of all the above systems  , only Sumatra employs such support  , but using a drastically different programming model and API  , which tightly couples relocation into the application's logic. This increased our discovery rate by almost an order of magnitude. The remainder of the paper is structured as follows: section 2 discusses the approach for computing alignments. It allows us to estimate the models easily because model parameter inference can be done without evaluating the likelihood function. A more likely domain/range restriction enhances the candidate matching. But that comes with the condition of a context-dependent quality and relevance of established associations i.e. 23 is one of a classic heuristic searching method. An outcome matrix represents an interaction by expressing the outcomes afforded to each interacting individual with respect each pair of potential behaviors chosen by the individuals. In Section 2  , we provide background information on term-weighting components and genetic programming. WE metrics using GloV e 4. Semantic Sequencing. Topic characterisation in Social Media poses various challenges due to the event-dependent nature of topics discussed on this outlet. Similarity search in 3D point sets has been studied extensively . It is widely stated 3 ,that the difference between the two inverse mapping techniques lies in the repeatability. able for short  , context-inadequate queries. We use the entire 1.2k labeled examples   , which are collected in December 2014  , to train a Random Forest classifier. Theoretical calculation shows that by reducing the diameter of the disks to 4 mm and adopting the same 150 pm SMA wires  , the bending angle is still in the range f 90 " and the maximum force exertable remains substantially unchanged About 1 N vs. the 4 N generated by the multi-wire configuration proposed by Grant and Hayward ~ 5 1  . The nature of the CSIRO corpus allowed us to carry out genre identification into a small number of interesting categories people  , projects  , media releases  , publications  , biographies  , feature articles  , podcasts  , using some simple regular expression matches over URLs and document texts. Recall from the previous example that the dynamic programming solution for region e  , 11 is not optimal because it is not capable of picking a combination of rows and columns i.e. Parallel Learning. Each fold is stratified so that it contains approximately the same proportions of class distribution as the original dataset. A final perspective is offered in Table 4which shows the success rate in function of the average states per symbol κ for an expression. Second  , we explore how ensemble selection behaves with varying amounts of training data available for the critical forward selection step. The 11-point P-R curves are drawn in Figure 3. The conventional approach to query optimization is to examine each query in isolation and select the execution plan with the minimal cost based on some predcfincd cost flmction of I0 and CPU requirements to execute the query S&79. This gives the opportunity of performing an individual  , " customized " optimization for both streams. For example  , producible impact force is input  , a safety strategy is a factor  , its danger index is transfer function  , and injury to a human is output. This phenomenon suggests that we should give higher priority to the similarity information collected in smaller distances and rely on long-distance similarities only if necessary . We are able to sample graphs from qH according to Section 4. In this section  , we try to make use of the translated corpus to enhance MLSRec-I. We require that the transfer of commodities from the virtual source node to each node in V is instantaneous. The mentorship dataset is collected from 16 famous universities such as Carnegie Mellon and Stanford in the field of computer science. 20 is diagonal  , the repetitive controller for each axis can be designed independently . The queries are in line with the BSBM mix of SPARQL queries and with the BSBM e-commerce use case that considers products as well as offers and reviews for these products. The newly written files then participate in an n-way sort-merge join to find query segments with the same protein id. Fernandez and Dan Suciu 13 propose two query optimization techniques to rewrite a given regular path expression into another query that reduces the scope of navigation. For the query performance  , the SP queries give the best performance  , which is expected and consistent with the query length comparison. The curves confirm the expectations of excellent search performance  , i.e. For measurement of the sensitivity transfer function matrix  , the input excitation uas supplied by the rotation of an eccentric mass mounted on the tool bit. They conducted two experiments to determine whether users engaged in a more exhaustive " breadth-first " search meaning that users will look over a number of the results before clicking any  , or a " depth-first " search. In this section we introduce the governing strategies and mechanisms utilized in our query optimizer. Based on the experiments described in this article we conclude that our automatic approach to the classification of images performs at least as well as human observers. We select one element at each column by Dynamic Programming. However  , emphasizing the query during reranking does not appear to be necessary. In Section 3 we describe the general principle underlying Variational Dynamic Programming. , union operators. In this case  , since the hub inertia of the flexible link may increase over its critical value at which the passivity of the transfer function is lost  , some modifications are made in the application of original passive controller 5. The worst case scenario would be for the optimizer to not incorporate sorting into the pattern tree match and apply it afterwards. We tested the two BMEcat conversions using standard validators for the Semantic Web  , presented in Section 3.1. First  , we need a basic assumption of what the distributions will look like. The exception to this trend is Mammography   , which reports zero correlation categorically  , as within each test either all or none of the features fail the KS test except for some MCAR trials for which failure occurred totally at random. This is unlike simulated annealing or MaxWalkSat  , which simultaneously offer settings to all features at every step of their reasoning. Users struggled to understand why the returned set lacked semantic relevance. ω k denotes the combination parameters for each term with emotion e k   , and can be estimated by maximizing log-likelihood function with L2 i.e. Specifically for automated repair   , for random search one candidate patch can be discarded immediately once the patch is regarded as invalid. Definition: A search trail is an ordered sequence of actions performed by the user during a search goal. Then  , k-Bisimk-Bisim ref G = k- BisimG. Thus we propose to solve this problem by an iterative method  , conceptually similar to the one described by Besl 5  , which combines data classification and model fitting. We also propose a way to estimate the result sizes of SPARQL queries with only very few statistical information. Attribute partitioning HAMM79 is another term for a transposed file scheme within a relational database  , As stated in BORA62  , such schemes are useful in statistical database systems because although the relations often contain many attributes  , usually only a few are referenced in any one query  , Additionally  , attribute partitioning is useful in compression schemes that depend on physical adjacency of identical values EGGEBO  , EGGEBl  , TURN79. The swap operation on two top bits allows us to preserve the search result of two separate traces. Their work is similar to the CA-FSM presented in this paper  , but they handle a wider class of queries  , including those with references. Second problem is that the model is more aggressive towards relevance due to the bias in the training dataset extracted from Mechanical Turk 80% Relevant class and 20% Non- Relevant. This information is necessary to derive accurate relational statistics that are needed by the relational optimizer to accurately estimate the cost of the query workload. Some optimization techniques were designed  , but not all of them were implemented . Unsupervised topic modeling has been an area of active research since the PLSA method was proposed in 17 as a probabilistic variant of the LSA method 9  , the approach widely used in information retrieval to perform dimensionality reduction of documents. Unfortunately  , it is well known that the generation of the reachability tree takes exponential time for the general case. In the context of multimedia and digital libraries  , an important type of query is similarity matching. /. Statistics describing the " shape " of a data graph are crucial for determining which methods of graph traversal are optimal for a given query and database. However  , this step of going the last mile is often difficult for Modeling Specialists  , such as Participants P7 and P12. The value of p o is an increasing function of K so that the range of utilizations over which the GS policy is more desirable increases as K decreases. In this experiment  , leave-one-out was used for training 3. However  , tracking performancc IS difficult to evaluate bcforc actual excculion of Icaining control. In contrast  , the population of STEM instructors in our focus groups included non-users or potential users from a variety of colleges and universities who were not necessarily innovators. Similar to 38  , we add an additional softmax layer upon the target language SAE that outputs the sentiment labels of the target language data. Query expansion. As of today  , the index quality of catalogues in scientific libraries is deplorable: Large parts of the inventory are not indexed and will probably never be  , since manual indexing is a time-consuming and thus expensive task. Search interfaces of specialized Web-Collections offer individual search options to facilitate access to their documents. They showed that if the other agents' policies are stationary then the learning agent will converge to some stationary policy as well. We propose a novel image search interface to enable users to intuitively input a concept map by typing textual concepts in a blank canvas to formulate the search goal. In this paper  , we propose a new topic model  , the Orthogonalized Topic Model OTM  , to focus on orthogonalizing the topic-word distributions. It can save computational time and storage space. Definition of IPC classes consists of the explanations regarding each IPC class which can be used to identify the important concepts and subtopics of the query. Hence the cross-axis effect of y-acceleration on the x-axis may be modeled by the least-squares fitting of a secondarder polynomial to the data  , The result of this model is shown in Fig. We limit random walks within two steps. They are sorted according to question type and can handle more anchor terms. As the dynamic programming technique is popular for approximate string matching  , it is only natural that it be broadly used in the area of melodic search. A number of successful approaches from last year inspired our approach for this year ELC challenge 2 were using a two-stage retrieval approach to retrieve entities. Interestingly  , Figure 5bshows that the subspaces of the vector states sr for r > 1 consist of more than one dense clusters see  , e.g. This led to the introduction of two search tasks at INEX 2006: Relevant in Context and Best in Context  , and the elicitation of a separate Best-entry-point judgment. The structural function inlining yields an optimal expression for a given query by means of two kinds of static optimization  , which are horizontal and vertical optimizations. Templates that did not have any matching queries were excluded. The results shown in Table 5 compare the LR system introduced in 46 with a number of systems that use word embeddings in the one-and two-vocabulary settings  , as follows: LR+WE 1 refers to combining the one-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the six features of the LR system from 46  , LR+WE 2 refers to combining the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the LR system  , WE 1 refers to using only the one-vocabulary wordembedding-based features  , and WE 2 refers to using only the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features. 28 suggested a search-snippet-based similarity measure for short texts. Further  , each predicate is annotated with an access method; i.e. The motion planning problem can be formulated as a twoperson zero sum game l in which the robot is a player and the obstacles and the other robots are the adversary . Results showed that larger lexicon sources  , phrase translation  , and disambiguation techniques improve CLIR performance significantly and consistently on TREC-9 corpus. Additionally  , it only depends on the training meta-data and not on the currently evaluated data set. Therefore  , the frequency Characteristics are compensated with the inverse transfer function of it  121. Making evaluations for personalized search is a challenge since relevance judgments can only be assessed by end-users 8. The gold-standard value of R for the TREC 2012 collection is the estimate produced using the entire set of runs submitted to the Medical Records track. Properties. The resultant query tree is then given to the relational optimizer  , which generates the execution plan for the execution engine. We compared EAGLE with its batch learning counterpart. In Section 3  , we show how our query and optimization engine are used in BBQ to answer a number of SQL queries  , 2 Though these initial observations do consume some energy up-front  , we will show that the long-run energy savings obtained from using a model will be much more significant. However  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. We used sentence as window size to measure relevance of appearing concepts to the topic term. We denote GP as the publication graph and GS as the subscription graph pattern. As reasoned above  , HePToX's mapping expressions define the data exchange semantics of heterogeneous data transformation. The final generalization of the Support Vector Machine is to the nonseparable case. For the few times that the position uncertainty became too large  , we were able to re-estimate initial positions using hill-climbing and GSL. In particular   , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D strongly relies on the current document rank to explain user browsing behavior on top positions. Although other methods exist  , we define the temporal correlation function to be the symmetric Pearson correlation between the temporal profiles of the two n-grams  , as used in 5. In order to use support vector machine  , kernel function should be defined. In order to overcome this shortcome  , we propose a novel approach to divide web pages in different semantic sections. The queries were sampled at random from query log files of a commercial local search engine and the results correspond to businesses in our local search data; all queries are in English and contain up to 7 terms. At high frequency   , the transfer function is equal to the value-of k ,  , the spring constant of the physical spring. , 26  , 41  , consider an optimization graph-logical or physical--representing the entire query. Exploration is forced by initializing the Q function to zero and having a one step cost In order to explore the effect of changing the goal during learning and to assess transfer from one learned task to another  , we changed the one step reward function after trial 100 to Figure 2: Also  , terminating trials when a "goal" is reached artificially simplifies the task if it is non-trivial to maintain the system at the goal  , as it is in the inverted pendulum case where the pendulum must be actively balanced near the goal state. Query session := <query  , context> clicked document* Each session contains one query  , its corresponding context and a set of documents which the user clicked on or labeled which we will call clicked documents. Query Evaluation: If a query language is specified  , the E- ADT must provide the ability to execute the optimized plan. For example  , they cannot handle recursive function definitions or loops whose termination depends on data structure invariants. We map the user collaborative policy specification to an auction based on the Clarke-Tax 7  , 8 mechanism which selects the privacy policy that will maximize the social utility by encouraging truthfulness among the co-owners. Query Load. Our next project is to extend the model so a.s to ha.ndlc multi-way joins and sort-merge joins. Our evaluation results show that the triple translation is more precise than the word-by-word translation with the co-occurrence model.  A new characterization of search queries to distinguish between F-search in " familiar " places versus U-search in " unfamiliar " locations  , defined on a per-user basis. It has been observed that there is a similarity between search queries and anchor texts 13. The fuzzy-logic controller is adopted as an anti-swing controller. So it is almost never the case that an ad will contain all the features of the ad search query. In order to verify that the optimization results do indeed yield a gear box mechanism that produces in-phase flapping that is maintained even during asymmetric wing motion  , a kinematic evaluation was conducted by computational simulation and verified by experiment. RELATEDNESS QUERIES RQ A relatedness query is a connected directed graph the nodes and edges of which may be unlabeled and at least one of the edges is labeled with a regular expression over relationship labels. The GBRT reranker is by far the best  , improving by over 33% the precision of UDMQ  , which achieved the highest accuracy among all search engines participating in the MQ09 competition. When there is no relevance to each other  , the category vector similarity is low. For example  , the candidate patterns for URL1 are http : Step 2: To determine whether a segment should be generalized  , we accumulate all candidate patterns over the URL database. Among all the ads we collected in our dataset  , about 99.37% pairs of ads have the property that   , which means that for most of the ads  , the within ads user similarity is larger than the between ads user similarity. In the context of multi-robot coordination  , dynamic task allocation can be viewed as the selection of appropriate actions lo for each robot at each point in time so as to achieve the completion of the global task by the team as a whole. The return value of a fitness function must appropriately measure how well an individual  , which represents a solution  , can solve the target problem. In the recent fourth installment of QALD  , hybrid questions on structured and unstructured data became a part of the benchmark. Instead each recursive call is forwarded to a central method that dispatches according to the operator id of the current node to the appropriate analyser method. Search complexity refers to the number of steps taken to initially locate a goal state. Relation c can be seen as mapping abstract  , intensional models of design spaces to extensional representations   , namely sets of concrete design variants. BMEcat allows to specify products using vendor-specific catalog groups and features  , or to refer to classification systems with externally defined categories and features. The number of feasible paths can be exponential in the program size  , or even infinite in the presence of inputdependent loops. Leading search firms routinely use sparse binary representations in their large data systems  , e.g. Since IMRank is guaranteed to converge to a self-consistent ranking from any initial ranking  , it is necessary to extend the discussion to its dependence on the initial ranking: does an arbitrary initial ranking results in a unique convergence ? While designing controllers it is usual practice to design the current and speed controllers sequentially  , starting from the inner loop  , the resulting inner closed loop transfers function designated as In the learning phase of the proposed methodology  , the QA corpora is used to train two topic models Sect. Figure 2illustrates two patterns: 1 somebody enters Classroom 2464; 2 somebody is staying in some place. None of the participants looked through more than a couple of search result pages. News has traditionally been delivered in pre-packaged forms originally in newspapers   , which h a ve subsequently been joined by radio and television broadcasts  , and most recently by internet news services. In essence  , it assumes that there are a number of hidden factors or aspects in the documents  , and models using a probabilistic framework the relationship among those factors  , the documents  , and the words appearing in the documents . Armed with crowdsourced labels and feature vectors  , we have reduced circumlocution to a classical machine learning problem. Each event expression consists of two clauses. As regards the learning component  , the extensive studies have been made. Furthermore  , affected by GenProg  , Par also uses genetic programming to guide the patch search in the way like GenProg. Thus  , to efficiently maintain an up-to-date collection of hidden-Web sources  , a crawling strategy must perform a broad search and simultaneously avoid visiting large unproductive regions of the Web. Only the start-up overhead of about 100 TLB misses is not covered  , but this is negligible. l We found a high difference in effectiveness in the use of our systems between two groups of users. The steps consist of 1 express the change in the metric in terms of a function of the means and variance of a probability density function over the metric 2 mapping the estimates from the click-based model to judgments for the metric by fitting a distribution to data in the intersection 3 computing estimates for the remaining missing values using query and position based smoothing. 11 produced an influential paper on finding unusual time series which they call deviants with a dynamic programming approach. In DAFFODIL the evaluation function is given by degree centrality measuring the number of co-authorships of a given actor  , i.e. The resulting transliteration model is used subsequently for that specific language pair. Similar to regular Support Vector Machine  , a straightforward way to which is based on the negative value of the prediction score given by formula 10. This was done by adding the English OOV terms to the English queries and using our system to translate and then retrieve Chinese documents EO-C. Inspired by work on combining multiple  , mainly booleanbased   , query representations 3  , we propose a new approach Thus  , recent research on improving the robustness of expansion methods has focused on either predicting whether a given expansion will be more effective for retrieval than the original query 2  , 7  , or on improving the performance robustness of specific expansion methods 10  , 13.  QALD-2: The Question Answering over Linked Data challenge aims to answer natural language questions e.g. In the BSH catalog for example  , some fields that require floating point values contain non-numeric values like " / "   , " 0.75/2.2 "   , " 3*16 "   , or " 34 x 28 x 33.5 "   , which originates from improper values in the BMEcat. Determining manipulability polytope requires the mapping of an n-dimensional polytope Q in joint space to an m-dimensional polytope P in task space by the transformation P = AQ with n > m. It is known that one part of the hypercube vertices becomes final zonotope vertices5  while the remainder become internal points of P . Compute the search direction. We determine which of the two components obtains greater improvement if incorporated  , search for the best parameter for this component  , fix it  , and then search for the best parameter for the other component. This paper presents a novel session search framework  , winwin search  , that uses a dual-agent stochastic game to model the interactions between user and search engine. Finally  , the optimal query correlatioñ Q opt is leveraged for query suggestion. As shown in Fig.3  , the inputs to the neuron pass through weight connections representing the synaptic strengths of the interconnections. In graph theory  , the several interesting results have been obtained for pursuit-evasion in a graph  , in which the pursuers and evader can move from vertex to vertex until eventually a pursuer and evader lie in the same vertex 14  , 15  , 16  , 181. Results showed that there was a high correlation among subjects' responses to the items Table 6. That means as long as the cut-point k 1 is within the tolerance range we consider the term as similar  , outside the tolerance range it is dissimilar. Barraquand and Latombe 901 have used random search techniques to overcome the problem of high dimensionality . Also  , the stiffness mapping matrix B; between the operational space and the fingertip space of each hand can be represented by where i  B ;   denotes the stiffness mapping matrix between the operational space and the fingertip space of the ith hand. The query optimizer makes use of transformation rules which create the search space of query plan alternatives. Formally  , a normal-form game is defined as a tuple  In this setting we extract proximity information from the documents inside R for computing the importance weights associated with the expansion terms. Jing et al. Each infobox template is treated as a class  , and the slots of the template are considered as attributes/slots. In all commercial systems  , the DMP is set " statically "   , that is  , when the system is started up and configured according to the administrator's specification. In this paper  , we propose an advanced Skip-gram model SG++ to learn better word embedding and negation for Twitter sentiment classification efficiently. Our proposed models further improve upon the Baseline  , Multi-task. Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input  , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. It makes us believe that a prediction framework based on traditional position factors and the newly proposed visual saliency information may be a better way than existing solutions in modeling the examination behavior of search users. Joint Objective. The results of these experiments is presented in Table 2. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Bang motions are produced by applying some control during a short time. , see 7  , 18 and references therein and many approaches have been proposed for its solution. In the tradeoff between space and time  , most existing graph matching approaches assume static data graphs and hence prefer to pre-compute the transitive closure or build variablelength path indexes to trade space for efficient pattern matching. , 19  , 26  , 33. There are other ways of improving performance of query optimizers  , and research efforts also need to be directed towards better modeling of random events  , underlying database organization and compile time eventsll. The Net- PLSA model15 constructs the u2u-link graph as described in Figure 1a  , merges all documents one user participates in into a single document for that user. The results are arranged along two dimensions of user effort  , the number of query terms selected for expansion  , and the maximum number of expansion terms to include for a selected query term. There is a significant correlation 0.55 between the number of judged and number of found relevant documents  , which is not unexpected. Figures 4 and 5show examples where it converged for each participant. The second approach is to launch G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in some document  , e.g. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. Unlike the simple search given above  , the path so defined must be remembered. During the training session  , the above extraction pattern is applied to the web page and the first table matching the pattern is returned as the web clip. All were confirmed to be real duplicates. To solve the optimization problem in 6  , we use a matrix V and let V = XA T . The " new " records will be merged with the old logically undeleted ones already bon the optical disc and written together on new tracks; the mapping table will also be updated to reflect the changes. Figure 5 shows the choices of sort-merge versus partitioning   , the possible sorting/partitioning attributes  , and the possible buffer allocation strategies. Let  , the joint velocity polytope of a n-dof manipulator be described by the 2n bounding inequalities: This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. – Overlapping: there are more than one set of axioms that are needed to produce an inconsistency in an ontology and they are interweaved with one another. Then  , calculate the error rate of the random forest on the entire original data  , where the classification for each data point is done only by its out-of-bag trees. Search VS. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 18. At every jvar-node  , we take intersection of bindings generated by its adjacent tp-nodes and after the intersection  , drop the triples from tp-node Bit- Mats as a result of the dropped bindings. Weights  , constraints  , functional attributes  , and optimization functions themselves can all change on a per-query basis . This empirical model has been derived by fitting trends to experimental data conducted in agar gel as a tissue phantom. Solutions for the SB approach were obtained running simulated annealing for R = 50  , 000 rounds. Exact queries in Aranea are generated by approximately a dozen pattern matching rules based query terms and their part-of-speech tags; morpho-lexical pattern matches trigger the creation of reformulated exact queries. The parameters used to plot this transfer function were the same as those in Figure 3 driving frequency. Table 8shows the reverse ratio for each method. For each component z we pick the motifs w whose probability P w|z is significantly larger than zero. The interaural transfer function ITF ˆ I is defined by the ratio between the left-and right-HRTF: The HRTFs are mainly determined by the shape of the head  , pinna and torso of the listener  , e.g  , the robot-mounted dummy-head in our case. Furthermore  , reference tracking is not a concern as it will always be zero in an active vibration cancellation approach. ever developed a LSHLocality Sensitive Hashing based method1  to perform calligraphic character recognition. The fact that full search achieves higher nDCG scores than pre-search confirms the successful re-ordering that takes place in full search based on pairwise entity-based similarity computation. Based on a word-statistical retrieval system  , 11 used definitions and different types of thesaurus relationships for query expansion and a deteriorated performance was reported. The above method could employ a variety of pattern­ matching and optimization techniques for sensory interpretation. The postcondition assertion method pops the stack and  , based on the recorded outcome of the precondition  , it evaluates the appropriate postcondition. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . From this perspective  , visual tools can help to better understand and manipulate the mapping into the program space. It shows that for most recall values  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the basic LSH method by an order of magnitude. Further more  , we define a certain number of unigram language models to capture the extra topics which are the complement to the original paper's abstract. In our work  , We employ PLSA 3 to analyze a user's interest by investigating his previously asked questions and accordingly generate fine-grained question recommendation . This post optimizer kxamines the sequential query plan to see how to parallelize a gequential plan segment and estimates the overhead as welLas the response time reduction if this plan segment is executed in parallel. We have also implemented alur regionbased Q-learning method  Since the TCP/IP protocol is basically used for the execution-level communication  , t hLe control architecture implemented on the central conitroller has been easily tested and modified by connecting with the graphic simulator before the real application to the humanoid robot. At query time  , the CLIR system may perform the construction of three types of queries  , starting from the ones formulated by users  , based on the system configuration: 1. It should be noted that Gs is not a single transfer function but rather a family of transfer functions with independent real interval coefficients; thus Gs represents an interval plant system 8. Although the PSO has the stochastic property  , i.e. For these experiments  , we have used the standard parameters for both matchers  , in order to keep it clearer. The descriptor is typically a single word or phrase that is compared  , using string comparison   , to the label. As such  , any mapping from histories to histories that can be specified by an event expression can be executed by a finite automaton. We develop a Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD based optimization procedure to learn the context-aware latent representations by jointly estimating context related parameters and users' and items' latent factors. Any evaluation of an unsafe optimization technique requmes measuring the execution speeds of the base and optimized systems  , as well as assessing the impact of the optimization technique on the system's retrieval effectiveness. , snippets of text denoting entities  , events and relations. None of the classical methods perform as well. Therefore  , our final expansion configuration were set as: Next we interpret each instructions of the function by following the transfer functions in Table 1 . Note that these events are not necessarily represented by a single sentence in Wikipedia. We have shown in 21  that 5-and 7-term LSs perform best  , depending on whether the focus is on obtaining the best mean rank or the highest percentage of top ranked URIs. The best score is shown in bold face. An example is given in Figure 1where α is 0.88 if we force f1 to be the actual value. For example  , 16 relies on the hospital-residents problem to detect property matches. Allowing Variables. Subsets are identified by dynamic programming. In standard industrial practice  , the information for the automatic cycle of a high volume transfer line is represented by a " timing bar chart " . Traditional similarity search methods are difficult to be used directly for large scale data since computing the similarity using the original features i.e. The differences between the neural click models can be explained as follows. In the first step  , we create 100 min-hashes per document  , while in the second step  , 80 32-bit super-hashes are created from the min-hashes for each document and for each iteration in the subsequent step i.e. We selected two corpora to work from. Guided by genetic programming  , GenProg has the ability to repair programs without any specification  , and GenProg is commonly considered to open a new research area of general automated program repair 26  , 20  , although there also exists earlier e.g. While considering the join between R and S  , the choice between evaluating or not evaluating an early group-by will be considered and the cheapest plan will be retained for joining with T. Let us now consider the plans that are generated by the greedy conservative heuristic while considering the join between R and S with an early group-by. With the features obtained from the images and the differences between the real and estimated robot pose  , two data files have been built to study the problem and obtain the classifier using machine learning techniques 3 . We assume that the torque sensor output is composed of various harmonic waves whose frequencies are unknown. To motivate and ground general discussion of crowdsourcing  , we will focus primarily upon applications to evaluating search accuracy with other examples like blending automation with human computation for hybrid search. The scatter plot indicates that a strong correlation was observed  , and hence  , hubness occurred. For homogeneous robots  , it is the mapping From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. That is  , the user clicks that the search engine observes is not based on the topic-driven random surfer model; instead the user's clicks are heavily affected by the rankings of search results. To establish if models such as a Zipf distribution can provide useful predictions  , in Section 4 we use metrics such as guesswork 13 and Shannon entropy. The EDSER workshops thus function not as mini-conferences but as working sessions. However   , while the word embeddings obtained at the previous step should already capture important syntactic and semantic aspects of the words they represent  , they are completely clueless about their sentiment behaviour. Using two Twitter datasets  , our results show that the new Word Embedding-based metrics outperform the PMI/LSA-based ones in capturing the coherence of topics in terms of robustness and efficientness. In the current version of IRO-DB  , the query optimizer applies simple heuristics to detach subqueries that are sent to the participating systems. If no matching pattern is found  , the exception propagates up the call stack until a matching handler is found. Also in this step CLAP makes use of the Random Forest machine learner with the aim of labelling each cluster as high or low priority  , where high priority indicates clusters CLAP recommends to be implemented in the next app release. This paper presents our research work on automatic question classification through machine learning approaches  , especially the Support Vector Machines. , www.banking.com/img/lib/shell3.php  , were never made public   , anyone who knows them  , must know them because a shell  , either through client-side  , or server-side homephoning   , leaked its precise URL to an attacker. In this paper  , we described the design  , the modeling and the experimental results of our prototype of an endoscope based on the use of metal bellows. This optimization would unnest such a subquery. First  , although xsl:apply-templates may resemble a function call  , its semantics does not correspond to explicit function calls  , but instead relies on a kind of dynamic dispatch based on pattern matching  , template priority  , import precedence  , and modes. We see from Table 1that our method was particularly fast. The second source of phrase data is iVia's PhraseRate keyphrase assignment engine 13. Safety values enable 11s to compare the effect of each safety strategy on the same scale and to optimize the design and control of hmnancare robots. The rule definition module is a modular tool which offers a language for rule programming and a rule programming interface for dynamic creation or modification of rules within an application. Later  , approaches combining active learning and genetic programming for LD were developed 10 ,21. However  , this optimization can lead to starvation of certain types of transactions. If the grid is fine enough to get useful  , the computation and storage required even for small problems quickly gets out of hand due to the " curse of dimensionality. " The optimizer can consider the relative cost of tuple substitution nested iteration  for implementing the G-Joins and other e.g. The quality of a search is defined as probability of the event that user clicks on a search result presented to her as the answer to the search. Optimization using materialized views is a popular and useful technique in the context of traditional database query optimization BLT86  , GMS93  , CKPS95  , LMSS95  , SDJL96 which has been successfully applied for optimizing data warehouse queries GHQ95  , HGW + 95  , H R U96  , GM96  , GHRU97. Some results of bag of word retrieval at low selection levels  , i.e. Coverage does not exceed 79%. The crawl started from the Open Directory's 10 homepage and proceeded in a breadth-first manner. We use the following approach: we start by generating a representative sample set for a regular expression . At that point  , a search interface as in Figure 2appeared  , which was to be used for submitting all search queries. K plsa +U + T corresponds to the results obtained when the test set was also used to learn the pLSA model  , thereby tailoring the classifiers to the task of interest transductive learning. In routing  , the system uses a query and a list of documents that have been identified as relevant or not relevant to construct a classification rule that ranks unlabeled documents according to their likelihood of relevance. The straightforward approach of listing all such possible strings grows factorially. It can be seen that above 0.15 mHz GPS information is transferred from position to the shaping state. Having determined the net sample size for a particular leaf  , we extract a simple random sample with replacement of this size from the records on the leaf this is trivial. The procedure works as follows: We performed query expansion experiments on ad hoc retrieval. Segment t24 ranking takes approximately 0.05 seconds for set 1. However  , there is no step response experiment for the fuel mass measurements from sensor WIA 2. Their approach relies on formal specifications  , which our approach does not require. Data transfer can happen either immediately  , or later when the phone has a connection. Thus  , accurate current-based output models are difficult to develop  , and more importantly  , to invert for torque control schema. It is ideally suited for data already stored on a distributed file system which offers data replication as well as the ability to execute computations locally on each data node. Here  , we approach these questions from a practical standpoint. The properties used for performing the query expansion can be configured separately for each ontology. These environments are dominated by issues of software construction. In CLIR systems  , interactive components are crucial to accomplish search tasks 2. Sarsalearning starts with some initial estimates for the Q-values that are then dynamically updated  , but there is no maximization over possible actions in the transition state stti. Note that this is not the standard representation of discrete domains in CP. Along the same vein  , a large body of recent research has focused on continuous queries over data streams e.g. See e. g. " Game Theory " by Fudenberg and Tirole 4 pp. We first present the basic PLSA model as described in 21. Despite such biases  , the MEDLINE collection seems to close to the Japanese newspaper collections see Table  5 rather than the Patent collections. Figure 11shows the analytical and experimental values of G for t w o orthogonal directions. Furtlierinore  , we may assiinie that the adjacent frequency bins H  , That is  , each component of the transfer function is corrected by where 1 = 1  , ..   , N   , the forgetting factor A  , satibfies 0 < A  , 5 1  , and P  , is tlie covariance matrix. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS97  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. Table 6shows the results for five query expansion iterations. For query expansion  , we add a narritive term list to query term list and use the average weight of query terms as a threshold. The bottom-most RBM of our model  , which models the input terms  , is character-level variant of the replicated softmax RSM model presented in 28  for documents . While it is perhaps no surprise to the information retrieval community that active learning generally outperforms random training 22  , this result has not previously been demonstrated for the TAR Problem  , and is neither well known nor well accepted within the legal community. Gender and ethnicity is extracted using a set of regular expression rules. When v1 is selected as a seed  , it is possible that it activates v3 and then v3 as an intermediate agent activates v2. The Limpid Desk supports physical search interaction techniques  , such as 'stack browsing' in which the upper layer documents are transparentized one by one through to the bottom of the stack. It checks the available memory before each merge step and adjusts the fan-in accordingly. In a data warehouse  , however  , the databases may have frequent updates and thus may be rather dynamic. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 15  , hence selecting educational resources that address these concepts is a critical task in supporting learners. Philanthropies  , universities  , militaries and other important institutions do not take market value as a metric. For the baseline method the association score between the document and any candidate mentioned is always equal to 1.0. We derive two basic quanti-ties  , namely LI Binary LIB and LI Frequency LIF  , which can be used separately or combined to represent documents. It incorporates the developed strategy of predation in an attempt to improve system performance. Information retrieval in biomedical and chemistry domains is challenging due to the presence of diverse denominations of concepts in the literature. However  , it should be stressed that MT and IR have widely divergent concerns. The first phase merges each even-indexed item index starts from 0 with the item immediately following it  , in alternating directions . And the most common similarity measure used is the Pearson correlation coefficient So far  , several different similarity measures have been used  , such as Pearson correlation  , Spearman correlation  , and vector similarity. The hidden aspects caught are used to improve the performance of a ranked list by re-ranking. The converter has built-in check steps that detect common irregularities in the BMEcat data  , such as wrong unit codes or invalid feature values. Figure 8  , may be thought of as using standard dynamic programming for edit-distance computation  , but savings are achieved by SPF works by finding any one place where I potentially occurs in Q   , if any. In particular  , the ordering we have chosen for codewords – ordered by codeword length first and then within each length by the natural ordering of the values is a total order. Figure 6 : One wave length error detection using the reflection model. The corresponding histogram is shown in Fig. for the query COOH  , COOH gets an exact match high score  , HOOC reverse match medium score  , and CHO2 parsed match low score. Figure 2ashows the evolution of the trajectory in the x   , y  , and z directions   , respectively  , and Figure 2bshows the negative of ei for the collision avoidance subtask. This is valuable in situations such as dextrous manipulation  , where building a realistic and accurate simulator is extremely difficult. a variable for the solving method. One of the great advantages of direct manipulation is that it places the task in the center of what users do. The test document collection is more than one hundred thousand electronic medical reports. Broad match candidates are found by calculating cosine similarity between the context query vector the content ad vectors. The paper describes two applications – Visual Understanding Environment VUE  , a concept mapping application and Tufts Digital Library Search that successfully interface with this architecture to use the content of the repository. This command estimates a discrete-time transfer function corresponding to a given frequency response in the following form. An alternative method of dealing with sparsity is by mapping the sparse high-dimensional feature space to a dense low-dimensional space. , the decryption code  , impeding pattern matching even further . We target a situation where partial relevance assessments are available on the initial ranking  , for example in the top 10. A boundary unction is any function F on the set of nodes in the tree having the following properties: 1 if X is a feasible complete solution  , then The controlled system's transfer function under perturbation becomes: The plant transfer function P z is . A simple chemical data set of 300 molecules can require many hours to mine when the user specifies a low support threshold. Considering the complexity and heterogeneity of our data and the problem  , it is important to use the most suitable and powerful prediction model that are available. In particular  , we index all the shortest paths starting from a source and ending with a sink. However  , query expansion 5 is biased due to topic drift while improving the recall performance. We also wondered whether users from one culture were more likely to choose popular tags. First there is the transfer function representing the dynamics of the master arms Y ,. In conclusion  , our study opens a promising direction to question recommendation. To the best of our knowledge  , Cupboard is the first system to put together all these functionalities to create an essential infrastructure component for Semantic Web developers and more generally  , a useful  , shared and open environment for the ontology community. , English using queries that are expressed in another e.g. In particular  , for the APP case there is a moderate negative correlation between the declared English proficiency and the acceptance rate PEARSON correlation with ρ = −0.46 and p = 0.005. To measure how determining trust values may impact query execution times we use our tSPARQL query engine with a disabled trust value cache to execute the extended BSBM. For instance  , dynamic scripting languages such as Ruby and Python are candidates  , since their high-level nature is similar to PHP in using a lazy string implementation that is transparent to application programs. Search US query logs in February 2007. To make the subjects carefully examine each restaurant instance  , we asked subjects to find a couple of restaurants they wanted to visit. A dynamic programming based technique is presented to find the optimal subset of clusters. Semantic relevance. Formally  , we denote the goodness function based on MDLP as GF MDLP . The standard way of deriving the semantics of a recursive function is to compute the least fixed point of its generating function. This template can be utilized to identify other classes of transaction annotators. Thus we always prefer its answers over results obtained with pattern matching  , which we use as a backup for the remaining questions. Extract all multi-word terms using the predefined regular expression rules. We tried training a support vector machine to predict the category labels of the snippets. Predicate buffer and output buffer: The derivation of the function Out-Buffers is similar to that of Results  , and the derivation of Pred-Buffers is straightforward. We now augment the sort merge outerjoin with compression shown in Figure 1 . Kuo and Chen propose an approach that utilizes a controlled vocabulary from cross-document co-reference chains for event clus- tering 17  , 18. We use scikit-learn 28 as the implementation of the Random Forest Classifier. Modeling the preferences of new users can be done most effectively by asking them to rate several carefully selected items of a seed set during a short interview 13  , 21  , 22  , 8 . Although in the existing literature BUC-based methods have been shown to degrade in high skew values  , we have confirmed the remark of others 2 that using CountingSort instead of QuickSort for tuple sorting is very helpful. The tuple operations include maps to tuple projection and from tuple construction domain objects. Instead of starting from scratch  , work by Mahadevan and Connell  l l  exploited the success of already developed primitive behaviors to learn a task. This regular expression denotes the set of strings that contain the <script> tag. Thus data problems can intuitively be understood as objects having three distinct member functions: identification  , transformation and feature construction. The band pass transfer function is given by Equation To our best knowledge  , the containment of nested XQuery has so far been studied only in 9  , 18  , and 10. If there are two search results we compute their similarity score and discard the articles if the score is below a threshold  Whenever the page-similarity score is below a threshold y the article is discarded Rule F1. Section 3 shows that this approach also enables additional query optimization techniques. O j could be used for determining the similarity between Boolean search request formulations  , its inherent deficiencies have stimulated further investigation. The probability of observing the context word v given the pivot word w is defined by the softmax function: The learning goal is to maximize the ability of predicting context words for each pivot word in the corpus. After training the random forest c1assifier as above  , there is a minimum number of training data points at each leaf node. Annotations made in the reader are automatically stored in the same Up- Lib repository that stores the image and text projections. For each type of metrics  , there are also some speed-up techniques that can be used to enhance the system such as integral image. The data generator is able to generate datasets with different sizes containing entities normally involved in the domain e.g. The input to our method is the search log interaction data gathered from consenting users of a toolbar deployed by a commercial search engine. Explicitly expressing term dependency relations has produced good results in monolingual retrieval 9  , 18   , but extending that idea to CLIR has not proven to be straightforward. Example 2.2 select culture painting title : t  , Figure 5: Path-to-path Mappings pings save space by factorizing DTD similarities and allow semi-automatic mapping generation. For the former  , the average precision was 0.28  , and for the latter 0.20. It is shown in figure 4. OVERLAP does the allocation using a heuristic of traversing the search tree in a breadth-first order  , giving priority to cuboids with smaller partition sizes  , and cuboids with longer attribute lists. Therefore  , a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search is used to optimize mean average precision by starting at the full independence parameter setting λT = 1  , λO = λU = 0. From the CLIR viewpoint  , MT is not regarded as a promising approach. Because NDCG focuses on ranking for top pairs  , it is extensively used to measure and compare the performances of rankers or search engines. The model transfer function SM mapping from V m to ufl so as to shape the environment compliance reflected to the local site is chosen as follows: Thus where 2 1   , =  Kum  Since no distinction has been made between free motion and constrained motion  , the controller Ku has designed so as to track vs to w  , in advance. The proposed deep learning model was applied to the data collected from the Academic Genealogy Wiki project. ICTNETVS1 is based on traditional information retrieval IR model. We can characterize a factual task with specific goals as known-items search  , a factual task with amorphous goals as known-subject search  , an intellectual task with specific goals as interpretive search and an intellectual task with amorphous goals as exploratory search. A typical approach is to map a discrete word to a dense  , low-dimensional  , real-valued vector  , called an embedding 19. It has been shown that the ability to execute this volume of queries allows the error rates of evaluation measures to be examined 2. The averagc To overcome this shortcoming  , we propose to use a multi-stage model. Our system is comprised of a user information collection function and a P2P transfer function. However  , both authors share a sense of responsibility for what they have helped create  , and as such they see it as their task to find an alternative strategy that provides adequate guarantees regarding the successful maintenance of the OAI-PMH and its evolution. In both cases  , such features cause over-fitting in the prediction. And a tag-tag visual similarity matrix is formulated by the propagated tag relevance from trustable images in Section 2.2. We also consider recently published results on 44 datasets from a TSC-specific CNN implemen- tation 18. Pearson and Cosine are based on user similarity as measured by Pearson's correlation coefficient and cosine similarity  , respectively. Depending on the data set and the makeup of the query  , " bad plans " can be triggered by changes as simple as creating a new index or adding a few rows to a table. Our two soft matching models are generic and can be extended to related areas that require modeling of contextual patterns  , such as information extraction IE. Genetic control parameters may also be merged into the representation of individual to control the evolution parameters. , operating with only one language instead of two  , which results in a unified WE-based framework for monolingual and cross-lingual IR. We believe that much information about patterns can be retrieved by analyzing the names of identifiers and comments. Finding locally optimal solutions in this respect would be a logical approach and is the subject of current research. Bound the marginal distributions in latent space In the previous section  , we have discussed how the marginal distribution difference can be bounded in the space W . A possible explanation to this is that the users on Twitter use it as a news source to read informative tweets but not necessarily all of the content that is read will be " liked " . In LOTUS  , query text is approximately matched to existing RDF literals and their associated documents and IRI resources Req1. Semi-Supervised Learning Merging SSL 27 uses curve fitting model to calculate comparable document scores from different sources for result merging. The organization of this paper is described as follows . This is similar to the problem of inferring regular expression structures from examples  , that has been addressed in the machine learning literature e.g. Differently from our point of view  , in 32 the problem of the capacity allocation is considered for a single virtualized server among competing user requests  , while in this paper we consider the infrastructure data center at a higher granularity i.e. When the semantic relevance is calculated  , however  , the equation takes into account all the interpretation words including talking or church or play. However  , even for these small datasets  , the spectral approach ran out of memory. It is clear that a robust solution to this problem must involve as much generic information as possible about space and the relationship between objects in space. for query expansion  , report improved effectiveness over their baseline systems. In this paper  , we propose a system called RerankEverything  , which enables users to rerank search results in any search service. A data record is said to be enumerated by a maximal repeat if the matching percentage is greater than a bound determined by the user. As part of an earlier task on a system that supported the visualization of object connections in a distributed system  , the subject had implemented a locking mechanism to allow only one method of an object to execute at one time. As we mentioned  , these features are insufficient. In practice  , instead of segmenting text into n parts directly   , usually hierarchical segmentation of text is utilized and at each level a text string is segmented into two parts. For exact search and frequency search  , the quality of retrieved results depends on formula extraction. in such a way that the ordering conditions of Figure 2still hold. Thus  , our first-tier solution was to devise a wide range of query expansion methods that can not only enrich the query with useful term additions but also identify important query terms. With the empirical results we conclude:  With different initial rankings  , IMRank could converge to different self-consistent rankings. The sort-and-merge includes sorting hash tables  , writing them to temporary run-files and merging the run-files into the final XML document. In monolingual IR this relevance model is estimated by taking a set of documents relevant to the query. For similarity search and substructure search  , to evaluate the search results ranked by the scoring function  , enough domain knowledge is required. The performance results for the two in-memory sorting methods  , Quicksort quick and replacement selection with block writes repl6. When compared to other query expansion techniques 15  , 24   , our method is attractive because it does not require careful tuning of parameters. For example  , the atleast operator provides a compact representation of repetitions that seems natural even to someone not familiar with regular expression notation. For EN→DE  , MAP is even slightly higher  , due to hyphenated compounds in the German translation of recovered topics  , i.e. Typically a learning-to-rank approach estimates one retrieval model across all training queries Q1  , ..  , Q k represented by feature vectors  , after which the test query Qt is ranked upon the retrieval model and the output is presented to the user. We generate co-reference for each class separately to make sure that resources are only equivalent to those of the same class. The system tries to infer new knowledge right after the publication operation. When a category is selected from the category search view  , the concept search is restricted to the concepts belonging to the selected category. Similar to the computation of the edit distance and the dynamic time warping  , the summed Fréchet distance can be expressed as a recurrence in a straight-forward manner which allows a dynamic programming solution that runs in OM N  time. This makes it worth finding how effective CHI is in CLIR when compared to WM1. Also  , interfaces based on structured query languages  , SPARQL in particular  , are widely employed. In this paper  , we will describe the construction of a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts and its use in CLIR. We can continue in this manner and get the initial state vector. Furthermore  , we evaluate the reliability of our models  , since AUC can be too optimistic if the model is overfit to the dataset. Another sensitivity question is whether the search quality of the multi-probe LSH method is sensitive to different K values. The constants K i in 6–9 were fitting parameters for the specific nondimensional data sets; they are implied functions of the dimensionless groups  , and would be different for other combinations of values. As a result  , queries translated using this method typically perform worse than the equivalent monolingual queries -referred to here as monolingual retrieval performance. The topic similarity between pi and uj is calculated as Equation 1. This presented a major challenge to our strategy of generating HTML pages whenever new data arrived  , since the HTML generator had no way of knowing what user would request the page. We performed the third run in order to compare our query expansion to manual query expansion because including terms in the description as query terms can simulate an effect of manual query expan- sion. There are no semantic or pragmatic theories to guide us. LEO is aimed primarily at using information gleaned from one or more query executions to discern trends that will benefit the optimization of future queries. Now that we have calculated SAD values over the image  , we select the upper ten nonoverlapping unique regions based on the SAD metric and perform a second series of SAD calculations within a 2i by 2i search window centered on the regions identified by the first pass. After Q-Learning is applied  , for making smooth robot motion using key frames  , cubic spline interpolation are applied using the joint angles of key frames. Additionally  , we could show that it is possible to precisely predict the action  , by using a Support Vector Machine. However  , Group which groups by c custkey requires its input be grouped by this attribute c custkey G . To the best of our knowledge  , our work is the first to generally study selection bias to improve the effectiveness of learning-to-rank models. Incorrect words aaect collection statistics and query expansion. That is  , when 2T-INF derives the corresponding SOA no edges are missing. Alternatively  , the topic of the query may be implicity inferred from the search entry point. After another 500 random planning queries  , the empty area that was originally occupied by the obstacle is quickly and evenly filled with new nodes  , as shown in Figure 8d. The parameter vector of each ranking system is learned automatically . In this paper  , we explore several methods to improve query translation for English-Chinese CLIR. Many works on key term identification apply either fixed or regular expression POS tag patterns to improve their effectiveness . The transfer function for figure 9.a is identical to equation 2  , with the same bandwidth. We discuss how to automatically generate training data for our Multi-Label Random Forest classifier and show how it can be trained efficiently and used for making predictions in a few milliseconds . Our method does not require any labeled training data. Hence we determine the policy so as to output the action of the largest utility  , uPp ,r  , and to explore the learning space we add stochastic fluctuation In the second stage  , the robot makes use of the learned Q values to effectively leam the behaviour coordination mechanism. Finally  , although we only discuss similarity search with PLA over static time-series databases  , another possible future extension is to apply our proposed PLA lower bound to the search problem in streaming environment. The search performs the same initialization as R*. shows the result of the experiment after the second step of the breadth-first search. The SCHOLNET CS provides  , in addition to the advantages that have been discussed for CYCLADES a number of other specific advantages that derive from the combination of the collection notion with the specific SCHOLNET functionality. With query expansion on the body of documents only  , query noise reduction results in slightly worse retrieval performance  , compared to using query expansion without noise removal second part of Table 4  , first row. The use of the fast Fourier transform and the necessity to iterate to obtain the required solution preclude this method from being used in real time control. Section 4 describes query expansion with ontologies. The goal was to apply SBMPC to the hill climbing problem in a computationally efficient manner. In order to print matches and present the results in root-to-leaf order  , we extended the mechanism proposed by 5. Communication fitness for controller of Figure  93503 for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. In the following sections  , we first describe the system and the language resources employed for the TREC-8 CLIR track. For free motion case  , the object is to find the transfer function from the motor torque to tip position of the manipulator  , and in constrained case  , we want to find the transfer function from motor torque to the force exerted by the manipulator to the environment. Anti-Semijoin For an anti-semijoin El I ? In this study  , we want to learn the weather attributes which are mainly in the form of real numbered values and thus have chosen stacked auto-encoder architecture of deep learning for the purpose. To understand this property  , consider the paradigm used by previous skyline evaluation techniques  , such as Block Nested Loops 4 and Sort-First Skyline 9 . In a conventional optimizer we have a single value as the cost for an operation or a plan and a single optimal plan for a query/sub-query expression. The procedure of computing the fingertip stiffness for the given object stiffness can be consequently summarized as below. According to the traditional content based similarity measurement  , " Job Search " and " Human Rescues " are not similar at all. The commercial versions of the dictionaries were converted automatically to CLIR versions by removing from them all other material except for actual dictionary words. Our branch policy requires that  , whenever feasible   , each element must be less than the pivot when compared . The rule based systems use manually built rules which are usually encoded in terms of regular expression grammars supplemented with lists of abbreviations  , common words  , proper names  , etc. This task is efficiently performed by an optimized implementation of the Breadth-first search BFS strategy through MapReduce 3. The remainder of this section will introduce passivity concepts using the storage function definition. For the Google and NSDL General Search interfaces  , participants' online behaviors were defined as search whenever the search interface screen was displayed; in these interfaces  , search mainly consisted of keyword generation and submission. A second way of reranking is to compute for each of the results returned by the search engine its similarity to the text segment and to rerank the search results according to the similarity score. are themselves further defined in terms of pattern expressions in a text reference language which allows keywords  , positional contexts  , and simple syntactic and semantic notions. Discovered semantic concepts are printed using bold font. Data is then extracted from this selection using a set of commonly used relevant terms. Considering SAE with k layers  , the first layer will be the autoencoder  , with the training set as the input. It requires a model of the robot+camera transfer function  , which is computed using I  , The controller is a generalized predictive controller that is described in section III. This enables to compute the representation of all concepts such that any pair of concepts sharing a common ancestor in the concept hierarchy will share a common prefix in their representation corresponding to this common ancestor. For each time slot  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar time slots to predict the missing values. While TagAssist did not outperform the original tag set  , the performance is significantly better than the baseline system without tag compression and case evaluation. But in our case  , pattern matching occurs relatively less frequently than during a batch transformation. But without the predictive human performance modeling provided by CogTool  , productivity of skilled users would not be able to play any role at all in the quantitative measures required. This module computes the classification of an OWL 2 QL TBox T by adopting the technique described in Section 3. Demote operation: it is used to transfer evicted query results pages from the controlled cache to the uncontrolled cache rather than out of the query results cache directly. Operationally then  , Y has the affect of producing a new copy of Y H the " meaning " of the factorial function upon each recursive call. Defining representative content has to focus on the technical side of the objects and cover the difference in structural expression of the content  , not the variety of the semantic content that the objects represent such as different motives shown in digital photographs. Summary-based optimization The rewritten query can be more efficient if it utilizes the knowledge of the structural summary. After both connections are made  , we find a path in the roadmap between the two connection points using breadth-first search. , VARI- MAX 22 rotation. Also note the current top-k bag-of-words approach shown in GREEDY-TAAT is based entirely on the frequency counts of each item. Our goal is to obtain a precise position controller with high bandwidth shown in Fig. Mimic uses random search inspired by machine learning techniques . with respect to some conventional programming language. by embedding meta data with RDFa. where Iij is an indicator whose value is 1 when consumer i purchased good j in the dataset  , and 0 otherwise. This reasoning may partially explain why ensemble tree models  , such as Random Forest  , are considered superior to standalone tree models. The DMG-Lib concept and workflow takes into account that technical knowledge exists in different forms e.g. 19  select ranking functions using genetic programming   , maximizing the average precision on the training data. To do so  , a spectrum analyzer is used to measure the transfer function of the amplifier driving one motor of a stationary forcer floating on the platen. This indicates PLSA models are very promising in finding diverse aspects in retrieved passages. A simulator was applicable for it provides an ideal environment  , without noise and where the interactions among the robots can be carehlly specified. The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. For our implementation we select We study user interaction with a search assistance tool we refer to as the search guide SG. Assume we have a stream of queries submitted to a search engine. Both interfaces are stateful  , as most implementations first create an appropriate search structure  , like for example a search tree. Experiments on several large-scale real-world data sets indicated that the proposed approach worked much better than other systems by large margin. We are currently investigating techniques to identify these effectively tagged blog posts and hope to incorporate it into future versions of TagAssist. In this paper  , the use of Q-learning as a role-switching mechanism in a foraging task is studied. What we need is a similarity measure that can be used to find documents similar to the seed abstracts from a large database. We developed a new recommender of type – ,+ ,– for users coming from a search engine such as Google. In practice the chance that a random document containing a false match would also match the rest of the user's query is very small. Other examples of the use of CLIR are given by Oard and Dorr 1996. This is the major motivation to choose GP for the ranking function discovery task. Intuitively this means that some classification information is lost after C  , is eliminated. In traditional approaches users provide manual assessments of relevance  , or semantic similarity. Indeed  , while the Agrovoc ontology is used only for the automatic annotation of documents  , the Organic. Lingua one is exploited also for performing manual annotations. , 14  , or the generated graph is very dense and may contain noisy information e.g. Guidance was provided to modify the SMM in order to allow for a broader interpretation of relevance 4 RFP 103— " All documents which describe  , refer to  , report on  , or mention any " in-store "   , " on-counter "   , " point of sale "   , or other retail marketing campaign for cigarettes. " In order to use the self-organizing map to cluster text documents  , the various texts have to be represented as the histogram of its words. We used two kinds semantic score to evaluate the relevance between tweets and profiles as follow  ,  The semantic score c i is recorded simultaneously . As a branch of applied mathematics  , game theory thus focuses on the formal consideration of strategic interactions  , such as the existence of equilibriums and economic applications 6. Step 5 is improved using a model selection criterium to mitigate the over-fitting problem. We employ stochastic gradient descent to learn the parameters   , where the gradients are obtained via backprop- agation 12  , with fixed learning rate of 0.1. Similar to what people has done for optimizing ranking measures such as MAP or NDCG  , we find an approximate solution by constructing a new approximate objective function that is differentiable. courses  , students  , professors are generated. Daikon 4.6.4 is an invariant generator http://pag.csail.mit.edu/daikon/. It is clear that the most difficult phase of object recognition is making the pointwise mapping from model to scene. A model-based approach usually utilizes the existing statistical machine translation models that were developed by the IBM group 3. We implement rating imputation testing by taking held out observations from the MovieLens data and predicting ratings on this set. Thus  , improvements in retrieval quality that address intrinsically diverse needs have potential for broad impact. Several measurements were made to ascertain the quality of the various selection techniques  , as seen in Figure 1. Comparing with the fact lookup engines of Google and Ask.com  , FACTO achieves higher precision and comparable query coverage higher than Google and lower than Ask.com  , although it is built by a very small team of two people in less than a year. Mid-query re-optimization  , progressive optimization  , and proactive re-optimization instead initially optimize the entire plan; they monitor the intermediate result sizes during query execution  , and re-optimize only if results diverge from the original estimates. According to the framework of Fisher Kernel  , text segments are modeled by a probability density function. An important condition for convergence is the learning rate. In the rating imputation case  , the mean rating of a user is the single best predictor for rating imputation according to the GROC criteria. The technique in MARS 9 can be viewed as a SQL Optimization technique since the main optimization occurs after the SQL query is generated from the XML query. 6 Offline caching of visual similarity ranking is performed to support real-time search. Finally   , applications may be developed by multiple teams  , possibly using multiple programming paradigms and programming languages. , most relevant songs e.g. , we do not count occurrences of several of these terms as additional evidence of relevance. If a token is found in a database  , this information is added to token feature. Concept similarity relies on a general ontology and a domain map built on the sub-collection. In this figure  , the transformations are defined as: 2 functionfis also relating between gripper and object configurations  , then the relationship between an object geometry  , task requirements and gripper constraints can now be mapped to a generic relation between two coordinate systems. A search equation is a boolean expression of search models we use the classical boolean operators AND  , OR and EXCEPT. Without loss of generality we will assume B i ≤ j u ij . This query sets up a variable Name that ranges over the terminal nodes of paths that match the regular expression movie.stars.name. The effectiveness and efficiency of this strategy relative to comparable baselines is then shown in subsequent sections for two applications: CLIR  , and retrieval of scanned documents using OCR. All of the nondeterministic choices are made using the Verify.random function which is a special method of the program checker JPF that forces JPF to search every possible choice exhaustively i.e. She enters a query on game theory into the ScholarLynk toolbar. Compared to other caching techniques in the semantic web  , the LDF cache results of a triple pattern  , increasing their usefulness for other queries  , i.e  , the probability of a cache hit is higher than the caching of a SPARQL query results. Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method  , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. Search sessions of the same searcher i.e. in determining if there exists a mapping or isomorphism  between a graph pattern and a subgraph of a database graph use cases 2.1  , 2.12 and 2.13 in DAWG Draft 58. For reference comparison  , we report the performance of using the measures to directly predict the quality of the initial QL-based ranking  , as originally proposed. The number of in-memory sorts needed is exponential in k. This exponential factor is unavoidable  , because the width of the search lattice of the datacube is exponential in k. It remains to be seen whether or not the exponential CPU time dominates the I/O time in practice. , sort  , might also be content with this simple open-next-close protocol  , which  , however  , may restrict the flexibility of their implementation. In CLIR  , queries are translated from the source language to the target language  , and the original and translated queries are used to retrieve documents in both the source and targeted languages. The common approach which we follow here is that the scopes are organized in an environment stack with the " search from the top " rule. Section 3 describes our keyphrase-based query expansion methods. We then describe in detail the two query expansion methods  , namely: a dependency relation based term expansion DRQET  , which is to be employed in a density based passage retrieval system 6 ,9  , and b dependency relation based path expansion DRQER  , which is to be employed in a relation based passage retrieval system 8. This was mainly caused by the inaccuracy of the approximate pattern matching. Note that the sign of effort and flow variables has been chosen such that the effort is forcing the flow inside the system . Each new map is obtained by executing two steps: an E-step  , where the expectations of the unknown correspondences Ecij and Eci , are calculated for the n-th map eln  , and an M-step  , where a new maxinium likelihood map is computed under these ex- pectations. Customization support is done at the level of individual learning concepts and progressions  , not just at the level of broad course topics. System A scored best when respondents recorded their reactions to the first statement  , about their pre-query 'mental image' 24score mean: 1.21. Calibration data was obtained by scanning the MAST sensor across the tube bundle to obtain data for both the y and z axes. On Restaurants  , for example  , the random forest-based system had run-times ranging from 2–5 s for the entire classification step depending on the iteration. The link between a question and the production of the KDB component may be seen as a relation more than a function since the output may be multiple. , 17  , most of the approaches developed so far abide by the paradigm of supervised machine learning. We assume that the tree has a well defined root  , and that a transaction attempting to construct a write quorum calls the recursive function WriteQuorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. These strings are represented by a random number as an initial population. POP places CHECK operators judiciously in query execution plans. This set of items is a complete description of what the mobile robot can see during its runs. This simplification is the standard practice in IR modeling  , as in the ubiquitous unigram language model e.g. It should be noted that Axdi is calculated by each follower based on the observable state of each follower AX ,. A variety of robot tasks can be expressed in optimization terms  , and the concept of Nash equilibria provide a u s e ful extension of optimality to multiple robots. 12 propose a method figure 1c that applies LSH on a learned metric referred as M+LSH in Table 1. Our experiments showed that the decaying co-occurrence model performs better than the standard co-occurrence model  , and brings significant improvements over the simple dictionary approaches in CLIR. This effectively rules out all choice interactions in this phase. Finally  , although probably not sensible in the incremental setting  , an iterate-until-stable style optimizer can be specified by simply introducing a recursive call to TRANSFORMER from within the Figure 4: A Parallelizing Tool FORMER function itself. However  , the user of a CLIR system may be bilingual to some extent. This artificial method can generate a new field sub-document which does not exist in actual multi-field document  , which is equivalent to increasing the statistical weight for some attributed texts  , and such texts often have an explicit optimal TC rule. But these approaches are hard to implement and to maintain. Con-' sider a 2D system described by the transfer function \Ve can now give a realization procedure based on the method illustrated in the above example. In the training stage  , the proper decreasing ratio is set to grow the tree; then the tree is pruned to achieve the best performance by avoiding over fitting with the training set. They can be run in batch or interactively  , and can use a pre-existing modularization to reduce the amount of human interaction needed. This problem of the user not finding any any relevant document in her scanned set of documents is defined as query abandonment. Figure 2: Comparison of CLIR performance on heterogeneous datasets using both short and long queries. This includes: word matching  , pattern matching and wildcards  , stemming  , relevance ranking  , and mixed mode searchmg text  , numeric  , range  , date. 7  , the result of path planning demonstrates that the method is able to handle the complexity terrain. For instantiation   , we exploit an index as well as a pattern library that links properties with natural language predicates. We compared our ranking methods over a random sample of 3 ,000 queries from the search engine query logs. Even then  , the exhaustive search is lirmted in the range and resolution of the weights considered  , and often has to be approximated by either gradient-descent or decomposmon techniques. Searching can be as simple as token matching Math- World or pattern matching 15. The model distinguishes high-value from low-value paths  , that are paths with high and low Q-values. For any basic action for inside-out grasping  , we woiild like to show that the corresponding transfer function is monotonic.    , where the circled elements are added by the imputation strategy . In particular  , low-rank MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 15  , item taxonomy 6  , and attributes 1. The 3D Tractus was designed with 3D spatial tangible user interfaces TUIs themes in mind. The implementation of ARTOO solves infinite recursion in the field distance by cutting the recursive calculation after a fixed number of steps 2 in the case of the results presented in the next section . The pvalue denotes how likely the hypothesis of no correlation between the predicted and label data points is true. Then the inverse FFT returns the resulted CoM trajectory into time domain. Also  , some approaches would face difficulty mapping the expression die from to the object property dbo:deathCause linking dbo:Person and dbo:Disease concepts. 4  , we describe how the synchronization results are integrated into our SyncPlayer system. The extractor is implemented as a module that can be linked into other information integration systems. The horizontal optimization specializes the case rules of a typeswitch expression with respect to the possible types of the operand expression. We do not know of any that have used interdependence theory. The amplitude plot contains the amplitude of the data points and transfer functions. MergeTraces is essentially the merge function of merge sort  , using the position of events in the trace for comparison events in trace slices are listed chronologically. For each topic  , the subjects filled in a pre-search questionnaire to indicate their familiarity with the search topic  , conducted a time bounded search for resource pages related to that topic  , then filled in a post-search questionnaire that collected their opinion of the search experience and the perceived task completeness. In this section  , we first describe our experimental setting for predicting user participation in threads in Section 4.1. Figure 5ashows the actual elapsed time measurements  , and FiguresThroughout the full join experiments  , the outer relation for the NL-INDEX and PC join methods was the parent relation  , whereas the outer relation for the NL-SORT  , CP  , and CP-SORT join methods was the child relation. This example implementation assumes the SAGE RL module uses Q-learning 9 . Figure  1shows the results. An estimatc of the exploration cost  , denoted R  , is used during learning and is calculated using the current estimate of the Q-valucs  , Q  s   , a  . Request permissions from Permissions@acm.org. This scanner then adds supported document types that it finds to a specified instance of an Up- Lib repository. In general  , l in Definition 3.1 could be a component of a generalized path expression  , but we have simplified the definition for presentation purposes in this paper. Another exciting direction for future work is to derive analytical models 12 that can accurately estimate the query costs. While this generality is appealing and necessary in situations where modeling is impractical  , learning tends to be less data-efficient and is not generalizable to different tasks within the same environment 8. This dynamic programming gives O|s| 2  running time solution. Dehzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control actions defined over an output universe of discourse into a space of nonfuzzy control actions. All three demonstrated they understood the difference between accidental and intentional acts. Our goal is to improve upon the search time of binary search without using a significant amount of additional space. Second  , the project operations are posponed until the end of the query evaluation. 20  , the transfer function from the disturbance to the output force is expressed as follows: Then  , from eq. All of these lechniques musl  , lo be successful  , must outperform exhaustive search optimiJalion above 10 01 15 way joins in selecting access paths while Hill being within a few percent of the optimal plan. It uses dynamic programming to compute optimal alignment between two sequences of characters. However parts with circular edges can produce ramps in the transfer function such that there is no upper bound on plan length as a function of n. In A parts feeding plan is a sequence of open loop squeezing actions specified by the orientation of the gripper. We rewrote the classifier and distiller to maximally exploit the I/O efficiency of sort-merge joins. Seven propositions  , or " patterns " in were found. Approaches include having the system suggest a list of terms  , and automatically adding them to users' queries automatic RF  , allowing users to pick which terms to add interactive RF  , and eliciting new terms from users. The input of a transfer function is V before the execution of the instruction   , and the output is the new V after the execution. QALD-2 has the largest number of queries with no performance differences  , since both FSDM and SDM fail to find any relevant results for 28 out of 140 queries from this fairly difficult query set. When all of the utility values are stored in distinct memories as a table  , the number of spaces to be filled in will soon swell up as the dimension of stateaction space increases . Among them hash-based methods were received more attention due to its ability of solving similarity search in high dimensional space. 11 One of these topics has a prior towards positive sentiment words and the other towards negative sentiment words  , where both priors are induced from sentiment labeled data. This included an outline highlighting the viewable area of the Web page based on the dimensions of the Web browser viewport  , since this would change according to the users' screen resolution and their scrolling. This way of sharing parameters allows the domains that do not have enough information to learn good mapping through other domains which have more data. One of the early influential work on diversification is that of Maximal Marginal Relevance MMR presented by Carbonell and Goldstein in 5. Our experiments show that the SP approach gives a decent performance in terms of number of triples  , query size and query execution time. In the context of variable selection  , this implies that we may line up the variables in a sequence and include them into the model in a streamwise manner without over-fitting. Basically  , the generative topographic mapping is a latent variable density model with an apparently sound statistical foundation which is claimed to have several advantageous properties when compared to self-organizing maps  , but no signifkant disadvantages. We can see that the above learning model depends exclusively on the corresponding feature space of the specific type of instances  , i.e. introduced an incremental version of DBSCAN 10. In summary  , our variant of mergesort has three phases: an in-buffer sort phase which sorts data within a buffer  , an in-memory merge phase which produces runs by merging sorted buffers  , and an external merge phase which merges sorted runs. It is interesting to note that effediveness continues to increase with the number of query expansion terms. Search terminates when no new ps maybeopenedor~only remainingcandidatep: ,iSthe desired destinetionp~ itself. In the enhanced form MDLe  , it provided a formal basis for robot programming using behaviors and at the same time permitted incorporatlon of kmematic and dynamic models of robots in the form of differential equations. A chunk of training data containing K 0 observations will be used to initialize the system  , achieving the initial hidden layer matrix H 0   , the initial output weight matrix Q As the cognitive component of McFELM is based on OS- ELM  , our proposed method also contains two phases  , namely the initialization phase and sequential learning phase. We used both the institutions " internal search engines and customized Google queries to locate research data policies. Test II: Combined Models. Query expansion for CSIs would be an easier approach to developing CSI-aware search engines  , since query expansion can be installed to on search engines without having to modify their document rankers. Then  , we navigate in a breadth-first search manner through this classification. Locality sensitive hashing LSH  , introduced by Indyk and Motwani  , is the best-known indexing method for ANN search. The second view is to use labels or tags based on clusters as an alternative classification scheme. We have shown that the observations can be decomposed into meaningful components using the frequent sets and latent variable methods. The photographs are transformed from spatial domain to frequency domain by a Fast Fourier Transform  , and the pixels whose values surpass a threshold are considered as sharp pixels we use a threshold value of 2  , following 4. Since coverage tends to increase with sequence length  , the DFS strategy likely finds a higher coverage sequence faster than the breadth-first search BFS. Some studies focus on using an external resource for query expansion. This monotonicity declaration is used for conventional query optimization and for improving the user interface. We apply pooling to aggregate information along the word sequence. Smeaton et al. From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. Second one  , numerically calculate the derivative using the finite difference method. Answering these queries amounts to the task of graph pattern matching  , where subgraphs in the data graph matching the query pattern are returned as results. Both benchmarks allow for the creation of arbitrary sized data sets  , although the number of attributes for any given class is lower than the numbers found in the ssa. The features include text similarity   , folder information  , attachments and sender behavior. While we do have some existing solutions  , these are topics that we are currently exploring further. With that improvement one can still write filenames such as *.txt. The model can be formulated as In contrast to ARSA  , where we use a multi-dimensional probability vector produced by S-PLSA to represent bloggers' sentiments  , this model uses a scalar number of blog mentions to indicate the degree of popularity. The resulting vocabulary contains 150k words out of which only 60% are found in the word embeddings model. By using our proposed system  , an mobile robot autonomously acquires the fine behaviors how to move to the goal avoiding moving multiobstacles using the steering and velocity control inputs  , simultaneously. We can easily construct a MCMC sampler so that its stationary distribution is equal to the posterior distribution of model parameters given data and prior distribution of parameters. As evident in Figure 5a  , the residual plot based on the confidential data reveals an obvious fanshaped pattern  , reflecting non-constant variance. The Moby simulation library uses the introduced approach to simulate resting contact for Newton  , Mirtich  , Anitescu- Potra  , and convex optimization based impact models among others. Therefore  , we only describe a number of representative examples  , though others can be described in a similar way. Similarity search in metric spaces focuses on supporting queries  , whose purpose is to retrieve objects which are similar to a query point  , when a metric distance function dist measures the objects dissimilarity. For fair comparison  , we used the same five field entity representation scheme and the same query sets as in 33  Sem- Search ES consisting primarily of named entity queries  , List- Search consisting primarily of entity list search queries  , QALD- 2 consisting of entity-focused natural language questions  , and INEX-LD containing a mix of entity-centric queries of different type. The sp2b uses bibliographic data from dblp 12 as its test data set  , while the bsbm benchmark considers eCommerce as its subject area. Multimodality is the capability of fusing and presenting heterogeneous data  , such as audio  , video and text  , from multiple information sources  , such as the Internet and TV. Thirdly  , the program which instantiates a variability-related role should be encapsulated as an interceptor which is a regular Java class and implements the Interceptor interface. In order to get a better perspective of how well the Human Interest Model performs for different types of topics  , we manually divided the TREC 2005 topics into four broad categories of PER- SON  , ORGANIZATION  , THING and EVENT as listed in Table  3 . Our extraction patterns are based on both the general POS tags and the strict keyword matching. Once the features have been computed for an image  , they are fed into a random forest 6 classifier. adjusting for more usage characteristics resulted in less accurate predictions  , discussed further in Section 8. It is not possible to accurately extrapolate the merge time that would be required for a full-sized database. An XQuery type e.g. Dynamic programming has already been used to generate time optimal joint trajectories for nonredundant manipulators 11  , 3 or for known joint paths 10. Each cluster is a maximum set of density-connected points. In fact  , dictionary is a carrier of knowledge expression and storage  , which involves almost all information about vocabulary  , namely static information. We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise time similarity information. The hill-climbing stepsize is initially set to 1.0 feet in translation  , degrees in rotation and is halved when a local maximum is reached  , in order to more precisely locate this maximum. These approaches focused on utilizing the existing rating of a training user as the features. In PT modification  , which occurs in randomized and genetic strategies  , states are complete IQ  , an action is a transform or a crossover method and the goal description involves a stop condition based on specific parameters of the search strategies e.g. The reason for this is a decrease in the score assigned to documents that include the original query terms but do not include the expansion terms. The arrangement of query modification expressions can be optimized. All interested merchants have then the possibility of electronically publishing and consuming this authoritative manufacturer data to enhance their product offerings relying on widely adopted product strong identifiers such as EAN  , GTIN  , or MPN. Differences in resource quality may account for disagreeing reports on the effectiveness of query expansion in cross-language retrieval. For each location  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar locations to predict the missing values. Therefore  , the key issue seems to be getting the teams to try out RaPiD7 long enough to see the benefits realizing. Recently  , many studies have attempted to improve upon the regular LSH technique. The most popular variants are the Pearson correlation or cosine measure. study 16 shows that such similarity is not sufficient for a successful code example search. These multiple translations usually are exchangeable. This is necessary to allow for both extensibility and the leverage of a large body of related earlier work done by the database research community. This set of differential equations has the same time conHere  , an artificial training example i.e. Fitting the proposed model to POS data  , interesting and practically important results are obtained. The max-error criterion specifies the maximum number of insertion errors allowed for pattern matching. The other primitives are less crucial with respect to the YQL implementation  , and therefore we skip their discussions due to space limitations. To this end  , one can segment user browsing behavior data into sessions  , and extract all " browse → search " patterns. It is equipped with some search data structure usually a search tree that can be used to find the posting list associated with a given term. Although the main intended application of the apparatus is for in vivo experiments in physiology and for microsurgery  , in this phase we elected not to make tests with animals for ethical reasons. This means that we can start emitting results right away when we retrieve the first result from the index. The first mode of the beam was estimated in real-time utilizing the Empirical Transfer Function Estimator ETFE 17. The best fit between the number of trees and the learning time is given by the function T ime = #T rees · 0.22 1.65 with an adjusted R 2 coecient of 0.96. where thekyc is the sampled data  , yr target direction. One aspect of our work extends CPPL to include match statements that perform pattern matching. The general idea of our approach is that we observe or simulate an existing system  , and the model is built based on the observations i.e. The inferences are exclusive and involve different meanings . We will denote this approximate Katz measure as aKatz throughout the rest of the paper. Even this crawl was very time consuming  , especially when the crawler came across highly linked pages with thousands of in-and out-links e.g. We then develop our multi-label formulation in Section 3. This is consistent with the estimates given in Sullivan9la  , Sullivan93J. MXQuery does not have a cost-based query optimizer . However  , as software evolves  , the maintenance problems with cross-cutting concerns still exist  , even in the aspectized programs or the programs developed with AOP from the beginning . A denoising autoencoder DAE is an improvement of the autoencoder  , which is designed to learn more robust features and prevent the autoencoder from simply learning the identity. Because they have sufficient rules and weights  , the answers are created from learning their known question and answer pairs in the open domain. In order to assess the quality of a search  , a popular method is to make a sample of search results for assessment. The query descriptor is assembled by the parser and passed as a parameter into the search function  , which then uses SAPI functions to extract the operator and the qualification constants. Boci´cBoci´c and Bultan 3 and Near and Jackson 24 check Rails code  , but require the user to write a specification. For example  , consider the comment of the focus group participant who critiqued the relative difficulty of browsing in MIR systems  " You also can't choose random CDs  , which I suppose is the advantage of shops as you can just search at random " ; Section 4.1. The need for optimizing methods in object bases has been motivated by GM88  , LD91. The presence of autocorrelation provides a strong motivation for using relational techniques for learning and inference . For example  , our variants often include changes to control flow e.g. The details for these data sets are depicted in Table 1. 4 propose a probability model called Sentiment PLSA S-PLSA for short based on the assumption that sentiment consists of multiple hidden aspects. The monotonic relationship between the predicted ranking and CTRs is much more evident than the one given by the demoted grades: URLs with lower CTRs concentrate more densely in the area with lower prediction scores  , and the average Pearson correlation between the predicted ranking score and CTR across all the queries is 0.7163 with standard deviation 0.1673  , comparing to the average of 0.5764 and standard deviation of 0.6401 in the the demoted grades. They also make the agorithms more difficult to explain. In most of the existing click models  , we are only aware of which position is clicked  , but the underlying " semantic explanations " for the clicking behavior  , e.g. Query noise reduction reduces query length from 47.22% to 63.69%  , tion  , marked †. In our experiments  , the top 10 terms are selected to expand the original query  , and the new query is used to search the collection for the second time. O having overlapping sources of inconsistencies means that K ∩ K = ∅. Our approach belongs to this category  , and furthermore  , requires no dependence relation between loss function and features belonging to different domains. Using the semantic relevance values  , pictograms can be ranked from very relevant value close to 1 to not so relevant value close to 0. We can then rewrite the dynamic programming formulations in terms of these lists of nodes. Given the initial and desired final configurations of the system  , the high level problem is how to get from the initial to the final equivalence region. Therefore  , we can conclude that 2500 examples are sufficient to leverage the proposed semantic similarity measure. It chooses document xi with prob- ability Multiply translations act as the query expansion. These relations may include temporal relations  , meronymic relations  , causal relations  , and producer/consumer relations. A brief overview of our approach is as follows: Given a structurally recursive query  , it is mapped to structurally recursive functions and function calls to them. For a two-dimensional binary hierarchy  , the dynamic programming recurrence is shown below. Recent academic work within the field of simultaneous control thus has emphasized alternative mapping paradigms. In this section we introduce and discuss the results we obtained during the evaluation of the above mentioned predictors . The mixed-script joint modelling technique using deep autoencoder. For instance  , in federated search the same query is issued on multiple search engines and the results merged using a utility function 35. The heterogeneous nature of the data and our approach to constructing semantic links between documents are what differentiate our work from traditional cluster-based retrieval. In order to quantify the sensitivity of the results we ran a Spearman correlation between the actual and estimated defect densities.  prisbm: Run with query expansion based on Google query expanding and manually term-weighting. Identity mapping I is used as feature mapping function  , with the mapping procedure This can be viewed as a special case of transfer learning. When we search in old best answers  , we just return the best answer that we find. We design an initialization strategy to balance the above two approaches. In all conditions  , the search system displayed a spinning wheel when it was busy. If it would be a 1 in any other candidate's search  , it is a 2 in this candidate's search. It may be noted that this is all that is necessary to compute the transfer function. In fact  , the iterative and recursive programs do compute the same function; i.e. At each site  , a singlesite cost-based optimizer generates optimized execution plans for the subqueries. This allows the model to consider a wider range of dependencies to reduce bias while limiting potential increases in variance and promises to unleash the full power of statistical relational models. It is based on three steps of data splitting   , which represent a so-called " smart search " of the jump points. For example  , the query query number 85 in the 10 ,000 query set: Users often visit online forums and search using the functionality provided on these web sites. In other words  , the implicit approach improves programming scalability. Changing the position of this scrollbar moves the view of the search results shown within the two frames in unison. Internal link checks are not yet implemented. These motifs co-occur together very often. Currently disambiguation in Twenty-One can be pursued in four ways: But searchable forms are very sparsely distributed over the Web  , even within narrow domains. It was found that the undamped transfer function from A71 to A41 -2Aqh4 is passive. Complets A fundamental issue in dynamic layout support is the granularity of the minimal relocatable entity. LCE is a robust query expansion model that provides a mechanism for modeling term dependencies in query expansion. The second heuristic called " lowest-occupancy " drives to the parking space with the lowest prior probability of being occupied and then searches for the next free parking spot in a random walk fashion. All of the correlation values exceed 0.6  , and therefore are statistically highly significant. However  , because objects are organized into lineal formations  , the larger Eps is  , the larger void pad is. A similarity range query retrieves all objects in a large database that are similar to a query object  , typically using a distance function to measure the dissimilarity. Web query expansion WebX was the most effective method of all the query expansion methods. These are chosen at random  , unless any specific metric is given  , and have been shown to support users in their search 5.  We propose the Autoregressive Sentiment Aware ARSA model for product sales prediction  , which reflects the effects of both sentiments and past sales performance on future sales performance. ICTNETVS07 is the Borda Fuse combination of three methods. In our experiments  , the base definition generation system used is the system discussed in Section 2 and illustrated in Figure 1. where αi and α k are Lagrange multipliers of the constraints with respect to pnvj |z k   , we need to consider the original PLSA likelihood function and the user guidance term. A data structure for organizing model features has been set up to facilitate model-based tracking. Each drive system is modeled by a discrete time transfer function  , expressed as a numerator and a denominator polynomial. And 30 times reproduction is carried out. Re-designing the aspect model training and test procedure for rating imputation and rating prediction will be a subject of future work. The third column lists some example regular expressions or gazetteer entries as the case may be. , explicitly indicating where the concepts should appear. Arabic query expansion was handled in different ways for INQUERY sub-runs and LM sub-runs. The unique nozzle in E ,' is used to pick components in the reel r. The first column shows the automatically discovered and clustered aspects using Structured PLSA. Figure 1 illustrates the complete encoderdecoder model. This highlights the need to find a better similarity measure based on the semantic similarity rather than just textual overlap. When operating in multilingual settings  , it is highly desirable to learn embeddings for words denoting similar concepts that are very close in the shared inter-lingual embedding space e.g. For English-Chinese CLIR  , we accumulated search topics from TREC-5 and TREC-6  , which used the same Chinese document collection. Thus we anticipate the information organization to soon occur  , not via 'URLs' but rather via 'event tags' and across 'geo-locations'. It can be used when a distance function is available to measure the dis-similarity among content representations. garbage collections. Additionally  , we report the results from a recent deep learning system in 38 that has established the new state-of-the-art results in the same setting. Achieving such a re-arrangement of attributes was found to be possible  , using dynamic programming. Formally  , assume that we have a set U of unreachable atomic propositions. For what concerns the query-document model  , this is often referred to as language model approach and has been already applied for monolingual IR see the extensive review in 19 and CLIR 5. The problem here is determining how good the imputation model is for a candidate point  , when the true global values for this point are not known. Inter-robot communication allows to exchange various information  , positions  , current status  , future actions   , etc 3  , 16  , 151 and to devise effective cooperation schemes. In Sections 4 and 5  , we introduce the detailed mechanisms of contextual query reformulation and the deep learning-to-respond architecture. database systems e.g. We also see in this experiment that the MKS metric is fairly consistent with Recall. The basic mathematical models of both photo and acceleration sensors are simply a 2 Focusing on the acceleration sensor  , using parameters inferred the datasheet for accelerometer ADLXSO provided by Analog Devices 2. But finding the document and extracting it remains at least as difficult as interpreting the document file's original bitstream. When dealing with a human figure  , the notion of naturalness will come into consideration. This ultimately makes the GA coiiverge more accurately to a value arbitrarily close to the optimal solution. The first set of experiments establish a basic correlation between talking on messenger and similarity of various attributes. Notice that  , different from the standard edit distance  , the Similar to the computation of the edit distance and the dynamic time warping  , the summed Fréchet distance can be expressed as a recurrence in a straight-forward manner which allows a dynamic programming solution that runs in OM N  time. This is not surprising for search problems 36  , because the search finishes as soon as one core finds the bug. The two methods are based on the extension of the technique presented in 8 to perform term expansion and relation path expansion. The symptom is usually an error message of some sort. Optimization. An advantage of the PLSA approach over previous techniques is that it can be readily augmented to incorporate new sources of information. Figure 3shows the scalability of All-Significant-Pairs and LiveSet-Driven with respect to various gradient thresholds . The hidden variables in PLSA correspond to the events that a term w in document d is generated from the j-th topic. The topics are categorised into a number of different categories  , including: easy/hard topic " difficulty "   , semantic/visual topic " visuality "   , and geographic/general 4. This result motivates a CS experiment where we check the correlation between TCT and performance  , completing our argument for detecting careless workers by their TCT under competition conditions. The user can view the document frequency of each phrase and link to the documents containing that phrase. Besides the detection and localization of a neural pattern  , the comparison and matching of the observed pattern to a set of templates is another interesting question 18. On the basis of sentence representations using Bi-LSTM with CNN  , we can model the interactions between two sentences. The transmission of the result of a search back to the delimiter word is a special problem called backward marking. k 4 '  ,k 5   , k 6 are parameters. Fig- ure 13shows the average characteristics of the faceted interfaces generated by these methods. precision 72.0%  , As shown  , 80% of the correct equivalents are within the set of four highest ranked words. In particular  , we demonstrate that for a large collection of queries  , reliable similarity scores among images can be derived from a comparison of their local descriptors. In this paper we have introduced a new approach based on the combination of term weighting components  , extracted from well-known information retrieval ranking formulas  , using genetic programming. CYCLADES includes a recommender system that is able to recommend a collection to a user on the basis of his own profile and the collection content  , so all resources belonging to a collection are discovered together. Pr·|· stands for the probability of the ranking  , as defined in Equation 5. There is considerable variation within each run -the standard deviation is as much as 15 percent in initial rotational velocity and 5 percent in initial translational velocity. The advantage of this approach is that new notation for writing recursive queries is unnecessary; C programmers can write recursive queries the same way they write recursive functions. Despite this partial exploitation of the potential of the CS in providing virtual views of the DL  , its introduction has brought a number of other important advantages to the CYCLADES users. Only concepts under expanded branches are considered during the search. Therefore query expansion can help to increase performance. They analyze the text of the code for patterns which the programmer wants to find. This paper describes a preliminary  , and the first to the best of our knowledge  , attempt to address the interesting and practical challenge of a search engine duel. 1998. For example  , //title is mapped intermediately to descendant-or-self$roots/title. It is not worth taking a risk to translate a term if the term probably perform poorly in CLIR. In companies  , however  , for more than twenty years data mining has been used to retrieve information from corporative databases  , being a powerful tool to extract patterns of customer response that are not easily observable. For instance: with 4 levels  , the corresponding SEQUIN query is PROJECT count* FROM PROJECT * FROM PROJECT * FROM 100K~10flds~100dens , S; ZOOM ALL; We disabled the SEQ optimization that merges consecutive scans which would otherwise reduce all these queries to a common form. The RL system is in control of the robot  , and learning progresses as in the standard Q-learning framework. Section 4 illustrates how this logical architecture has been implemented in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET DL systems and the advantages that the introduction of this service has brought to the their functionality. , J ,-and JZ are performed in parallel. Section 4 illustrates our semantic matching model based on conceptual query and document indexing using UMLS. This paper presents a multi-agent architecture for dynamic scheduling and control of manufacturing cells based on actor framawork . The Manhattan Distance divided by the subspace dimension is used as normalized metric for trading between subspaces of different dimensionality. Note that we can use different feature sets for different query topics by using this method  , but for simplicity  , we didn't try it in this work. The first observation is that  , both the inverse user frequency weighting and the variance weighting do not improve the performance from the User Index baseline method that does not use any weighting for items. Similar to IR systems like ECLAIR Harper & Walker 921 or FIRE Sonnenberger 8z Frei 951  , BIRS is based on an object-oriented design figure 2 shows the class diagram in UML Fowler & Scott 971 notation; however  , only BIRS implements physical data independence3. LIF  , on the other hand  , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . The inherent cost of query optimization is compounded by the fact that typically each new query that is submitted to the database system is optimized afresh. Last  , we want to point out the UDInfoMB is a strong baseline to beat as it involve both the query expansion and document expansion at the same time  , while the tie breaking method only utilize one of these two. Subsequent iterations operate on the cached data  , causing no additional cache misses. Overall  , we find that there is only a weak correlation 0.157 between snippet viewing time and relevance. The Jacobian matrix mapping the joint and the operational vector spaces of the fully-isotropic PWs presented in this paper is the 3×3 identity matrix throughout the entire workspace. A significant scalability challenge for symbolic execution is how to handle the exponential number of paths in the code. One of our contributions is that we propose to use hierarchical regularization to avoid overfiting. Like a random search  , a global optimum will be produced in the limit as ng-wo. In the M-step  , we fix the posteriors and update Λ that maximizes Equation 8. Summing up  , the innovation of our work can be presented in two aspect. As the system under consideration is a distributed parameter system  , a lineax finite-dimensional model obtained by modal truncation procedures has been used in 3 and by most other researchers. The system eliminates the pixels in the masked region from the calculation of the correlation of the large template Fig.2left and determines the best match position of the template with the minimum correlation error in a search area. Given a search results D  , a visual similarity graph G is first constructed. Both directions of the transformation should be considered in query optimization. In this paper  , we try to investigate the two questions via the performance comparison between genetic programming and random search. Where target pattern means: the set of attribute values in the target set that are being evaluated. Similarity search for web services is challenging because neither the textual descriptions of web services and their operations nor the names of the input and output parameters completely convey the underlying semantics of the operation. In certainty grids space is represented by a grid with each cell holding a value corresponding to the probability that an obstacle is located in that region. As such most digits after the first are randomly distributed. Streemer on the other hand first finds candidate clusters and then only merges them if the resulting cluster is highly cohesive. Alternatively   , a search engine might choose to display the top-scoring tweets in rank order regardless of time. Autonomous Motion Department at the Max-Planck- Institute for Intelligent Systems  , Tübingen  , Germany Email: first.lastname@tue.mpg.de for some subsets of data points separating postives from negatives may be easy to achieve  , it generally can be very hard to achieve this separation for all data points. 1633-2008 for a fitting software reliability growth model. They are difficult to initialize owing to the wide forbidden regions  , and apt to fall into poor local minima and then waste a lot of time locating them very precisely. , 22  , but most of the approaches developed so far abide by the paradigm of supervised machine learning. They are more suitable for real-time control in a sensor-based control environment. We next present our random forest model. Although inany strategies can be used for performing the defuzzifi- cation 8  , we use the height defuzzification method given by where CF is a scale factor. To find out the best model structure from this huge space  , an efficient search strategy is highly demanded. A similarity-based query is forwarded  , where the user presents an exemplar image instance  , but only incompletely specifies the feature attributes that are important for conducting the search. The jump operation is not traditionally supported but can be easily implemented using the same tree data-structures needed for nextr – we simply augment the inner nodes with a count of all the postings contained within the rooted subtree. We point out some design constraints on the configuration of the coils and the permanent magnets  , and discuss briefly calibration and accuracy of the motor. Here  , a normalized similarity of a user i y to a user j y is computed as Figure 2awas taken from these data. We call this version of the planner Progressive Variational Dynamic Programming PVDP. ; the maximal number of states between the initial state and another state when traversing the TS in breadth-first search BFS height; the number of transitions starting from a state and ending in another state with a lower level when traversing the TS in breadth-first search Back lvl tr. Each segment  , the entire interval when the sensor is in contact with the object  , is transferred to the frequency domain using Fast Fourier Transform. We then train a two-class support vector machine with the labelled feature vectors. Position Sensor Based Torque Control Method Fig.2shows a block diagram of a proposed torque control system. The module is based on a set of regular-expression-like rules  , that match a certain context and replace found erroneous tag with a correct one. Query expansion can be performed either manually or automatically. Typically  , not all features of feature model My are of interest for the composition with feature model Mx . 11show the Bode plot of the resulting identified transfer function contact force versus normal velocity. , wM }  , the S-PLSA model dictates that the joint probability of observed pair di  , wj is generated by P di , Recent  , deep learning has shown its success in feature learning for many computer vision problem  , You et al. All participants used the same search system which resembled a standard search engine. The basic assumption of our proposed Joint Relevance Freshness Learning JRFL model is that a user's overall impression assessment by combining relevance and freshness for the clicked URLs should be higher than the non-clicked ones  , and such a combination is specific to the issued query. However  , in the case of RDF and SPARQL  , view expansion is not possible since expansion requires query nesting   , a feature not currently supported by SPARQL. For questions with a simple answer pattern  , the answer candidates can be found by fixed pattern matching. Through extensive simulations and experiments with an IBM intranet search engine  , we demonstrate that the scheme achieves online update speed while maintaining good query performance. A derived relation is defined by a relational expression query over the base relations. StreamAuthor does enable the video of the presentation to be synchronized with the PowerPoint presentation at the time of capture but does not support any search facilities other than high-level browsing across a single presentation. In the worst case  , the search for all possible alliances in order to not miss any solution to the original problem reintroduces exponential complexity. The " keyword " problem space's states are all search strings and search results. The form of SA used is a variation of the Nelder-Mead downhill simplex method  , which incorporates a random variable to overcome local minima 9. In the second stage  , the system calculates the correlation error of the large template using the mask created in the first stage. 25 concentrates on parallelizing stochastic gradient descent for matrix completion. We consider LB to be the elementary block and we attempt to discuss the possibilities of fault tolerance in this program. The breadth-first search implies that density-connections with the minimum number of objects requiring the minimum number of region queries are detected first. This prompts a need to develop a technique to escape from local minima through tunnelling or hill-climbing. The most widely used measure in information retrieval research is neither Pearson nor Spearman correlation  , however  , but rather Kendall's τ 4. However  , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets and is different from the traditional method of using materialized views to answer queries. Without query expansion  , longer queries usually outperform the shorter queries Figure 7. The motion strategy can be represented as a function mapping the information space onto the control space. We have experimented with two approaches to the selection of query expansion terms based on lexical cohesion: 1 by selecting query expansion terms that form lexical links between the distinct original query terms in the document section 1.1; and 2 by identifying lexical chains in the document and selecting query expansion terms from the strongest lexical chains section 1.2. These results show that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D learns the concept of distance to the previous click  , although this information is not explicitly provided in the document representation. Users begin a search for web services by entering keywords relevant to the search goal. 5  , 14  , traffic rules 6  , 81  , negotiation for dynamic task allocation 9  , 31  , and synchronization by programming 12  , 161. The objective of this class of queries is to test whether the selectivity of the text query plays a role in query optimization. Lewis Lew89 surveys methods based on noise  , while Perlin Per851 Per891 presents noisebased techniques which by-pass texture space. These services organize procedures into a subsystem hierarchy  , by hierarchical agglomerative cluster- ing. Yet we still compare LSSH to CHMIS to verify the ability of LSSH to promote search performance by merging knowledge from heterogeneous data sources. We perform this ordering-space-search for 100 random trials.  Accent  , Punctuation  , Firstname  , Name Authority  Edit  , Sort Same  , Merge  , Delete  , Undo  Fold and Expand We will eventually explore all of these through a selection of examples using a variety of digital library systems. We demonstrate that Flat-COTE is significantly better than both deep learning approaches. The alternative is to mine all data in-place and thus build k predictive models base-models locally. However  , there is a large gap between the problem space and the solution space. For most of them  , the Random forest based classifiers perform similar to CNNbased classifiers  , especially for low false positive rates. K2 uses a simple incremental search strategy: it first searches for the best There are additional details that concern how to preserve the data structure which holds the mapping of disk pages to buffer pages. , e  , 6  , e  , 8 and a  , 11. This choice of segmentation is particularly appropriate because quicksort frequently swaps data records. Then  , the approximated cost to traverse an edge is computed by plugging a covariance at a departing vertex into the associated cost transfer function of that edge. Statistical features consistently achieve better R 2 than CLIR features  , which are followed by linguistic features R 2 of linguistic features is the same across different corpora since such properties remain still despite change of languages. View forests 15 are capable of expressing any query in the XQueryCore that does not refer to element order  , use recursive functions or use is/is not operators. They are sorted according to question types and can handle more anchor terms. Since the W matrix has only four independent parameters  , four point matches in t ,he whole set of three image frames are minimally sufficient to solve for W matrix using equation 23. During pipe transfer and placement  , slips may occur along the pipe's axis. The matching can fail in the case that the pattern does not appear  , e.g. Since the evaluation of the Organic . Lingua CLIR system is based on the methodology introduced by CLEF 21 ,22  , the same metrics will be used for evaluating the described system. The detailed tracing results show that hill-climbing started from choosing topfacets and gradually replaced similar facets by less similar ones. We apply a. liyclrodynamic potential field in the sensorimotor spa.ce to choose an action cf. Graphs  , which are in fact one of the most general forms of data representation   , are able to represent not only the values of an entity  , but can be used to explicitly model structural relations that may exist between different parts of an object 5 ,6. , positions where any symbol can be placed. As summarized by Schauble and Sheridan 24  the TREC- 6 CLIR results appear consistent with previous results in that the performances typically range between 50 and 75% of the corresponding monolingual baselines. C while the case of uncertain-membership will be labeled by L = {−1  , +1}. We should note that all those complex tasks cannot be identified by the straight-forward Rule-Q wcc baseline  , so that the newly defined task coverage metric measures how well the learning methods can generalize from the weak supervision . This characteristic also allows for evolution in the SPL scope without loosing the design effort already invested: as new features are added or modified  , only their rules need to be added or updated  , respectively. These primitives were largely derived directly from the basic actions and abilities of the modules and simple computational constructs. A set regular path query Q Ξ‚ Ð R describes a relation between a set and a single node  , based on a regular expression R together with an quantifier Ξ. Buse and Wiemer 10 discuss that the answers of existing code search engines are usually complicated even after slicing. If a function approximator is used to learn the policy  , value  , or Q function inadequate exploration may lead to interference during learning  , so correct portions of the policy are actually degraded during learning. A major motivation for us to develop the cross-language meaning matching model is to improve CLIR effectiveness over a strong CLIR baseline. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : The basic problem is then to limit combinatorial explosion while deducinc knowledge. Two fusion methods were tested: local headline search  , and cross rank similarity comparison approximating document overlap by measuring the similarity of documents across the source rankings to be merged. Most of teams in last year took the step of query expansion in their system. The use of the combined dictionary is motivated by previous studies 9  , 17  , which showed that larger lexicon resource improves CLIR performance significantly. The experimental setup included all components of the control system because we wanted to find the transfer function of the entire control system. Specifically  , MFCF maps both users and items to a latent space  , denoted as R ≈ U T V   , where U ∈ R l×m and V ∈ R l×n with l < minm  , n  , represent the users' and items' mapping to the latent space  , respectively. We have simulated the same VSA-II model under exactly the same design and operative conditions: encoder quantization  , white noise on motor torques  , torque input profiles  , polynomials used for the fitting  , etc. I The sort merge methods can never execute laster than the time it takes to sort and scan the larger ol its relations. A peer implementation conforms to its interface  , if all the call sequences to the Communicator are accepted by the finite state machine defining the peer interface. The experimental results in Table 5show that exploiting the emergent relational schema even in this very preliminary implementation already improves the performance of Virtuoso on a number of BSBM Explore queries by up to a factor of 5.8 Q3  , Hot run. Obviously  , TA-random is more effective in pruning the index scans  , but TAsorted avoids expensive random accesses. Our empirical study of 56 multithreaded Java programs showed that random variations in the search order give rise to enormous variations in the cost to find an error across a space. Here one comparitor searches for S. SNAME. Here we empirically validate this intuition on the Epinion data  , as can be seen in Figure 2. While Broder treated search intents as relatively short-term activities 10  , Marchionini's classification included long-term search activities such as learn and investigate  , and he argued that exploratory searches were searches pertinent to the learn and investigate search activi- ties. In the model  , bags-of-visual terms are used to represent images. where α is the similarity threshold in a fuzzy query. We have used the framework of d-separation to provide the first formal explanation for two previously observed classes of statistical dependencies in relational data. This setup is more restricted than the one we investigate in this paper: we attempt to place test images as closely to their true geographic location as possible; we are not restricted by a set of classes. We verified this by computing the Pearson correlation coefficient ρ between the search performance of the different settings captured by MAP  , as reported in Figure 7a  , and the alignment quality in terms of precision and recall for relevant entities  , as reported in Figure 9a. Despite its relatively short history  , eXist has already been successfully used in a number of commercial and non-commercial projects. Increasing the candidate statements beyond 200 never increases the number of correct patches that are first to validate . The HuaJian MT translation is also shown  , and it is seen that it picks up 'air pollution' correctly but misses out the 'automobile' sense of 'auto'. The syntax errors we introduced can be located without understanding the execution of the program; they merely require some kind of pattern matching. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. to represent a navigation structure in a Web shop. The regular expression for word specifies a non-empty sequence of alphanumerics  , hyphens or apostrophes  , while the sentence recognize simply looks for a terminating period  , question mark  , or exclamation point. We report the results in terms of Kendall-τ and Pearson correlation coefficients and show that the query subsets chosen by our models are significantly more effective than those selected by the considered baseline methods. This form of expansion is simple to manage and effective. The Discrete Cosine Transform DCT is a real valued version of Fast Fourier Transform FFT and transforms time domain signals into coefficients of frequency component. when a nested tuple is mapped to a flat one and the translation takes the leaf attributes of the nested input tuple and glues them together to form a flat tuple3; and global rules where the translation function handles the whole subtree rooted at the vertex i.e. The features are listed in Table Iand extend the set proposed in 3 and 4. We choose a setup of P such that it provides a mapping into the space of all possible superconcepts of the input instances  , i.e. Accordingly  , expansion-based technologies are the key points. Different limb-terrain interactions generate 222 gait bounce signals with different information content  , thus deliberate limb motions can effect higher information content. The words that are highly relevant to the topic are then selected  , and their semantically related words are extracted and promoted by using the GPU model 18. This is important because today's outsourced data services are fundamentally insecure and vulnerable to illicit behavior  , because they do not handle all three dimensions consistently and there exists a strong relationship between such assurances: e.g. Query expansion  , such as synonym expansion  , had shown promising results in medical literature search. A post-search questionnaire was filled out after the search  , and an exit interview after the experiment was conducted. Thus they push relevant DRs from the result list. Because the synibol space is continuous space and the dynainics in this space is continuous system  , the continuous change of the vector field in the inotioIi space and the continuous motion transition is realized. We identify the following important similarity search queries they may want to pose: Suppose they explored the operation Get- Temperature in W 1 . One version of the regular expression search-and-replace program replace limited the maximum input string to length 100 but the maximum allowed pattern to only 50. term overlap between query and tweet is relatively small  , different semantic expansion techniques can be leveraged to improve the retrieval performance. A best-first search is used to build the correspondences of objects using three types of constraints. Now  , let us consider the evaluation of assertions which involve the use of the PATH-IS function. This has been observed in some early studies 8. In Real-time Adhoc task  , 60 queries are tested and four runs are submitted with different query expansions and different learning-to-rank methods. Tfidf query expansion is used in ICTWDSERUN1  , and concurrency frequency query expansion is used in ICTWDSERUN2. One scenario is that no range information is available. Shannon Entropy is shown on the left  , min-Entropy in the middle and Rényi Entropy on the right. During search  , our distributed search component accesses different databases depending on whether the user is a lay person or a physician. from a journal a real world example for a database containing medical document abstracts is given by the Journal of Clinical Oncology 1 . Depth Firat Search DFS and Breadth First Scorch BFS are examples of this class. Each feature corresponds to a sequence of words and/or POS tags. Users can either write their own SQL queries or choose cross-matching queries from a predefined set. , 2004 This year we have sixteen classes of patterns. The sort-merge scmi ,join methods SSSRI and PSSM rcqulrc a similar numher of' disk acccsscs. Additionally it can be used to perform other tasks such as query optimization in a distributed environment. In order to realize the personal fitting functions  , a surface model is adopted. Good query optimization is as important for 00 query languages as it is for relational query languages. To assure stability  , the stabilizing compensator must be chosen in such a way that: Here  , Gz is the closed-loop transfer function of the servo  , C  z  is the stabilizing compensator and M is the repetitive controller's delay. Our demonstration also includes showing the robustness POP adds to query optimization for these sources of errors. A mergesort involves two phases: sorting phase and merge phase. A keyword search box is arguably the simplest one to use and is often the default search interface. On the other hand  , it is this kind of label that we want to tackle via zero shot learning otherwise we could choose to harvest training examples from the Internet. If this heuristic is adopted in the above example  , when the parameter sort order guaranteed from the parent block is {p 1 } only the state retaining scan is considered and the plain table scan is dropped. However  , the code we wrote for bobWeather was straightforward . Then similarity search can be simply conducted by calculating the Hamming distances between the codes of available data examples and the query and selecting data examples within small Hamming distances. Finally  , the results are summarised and final conclusions are presented. the set of positions and orientations that the robot tool can attain  , will be denoted by W = this section  , we show how the robot's task space can be mapped to the camera's visual feature space and then we will consider the mapping from the robot's configuration space to the visual feature space. WaveCluster  , after much tweaking of its settings   , came close to finding the visually obvious clusters. In this work  , we first classify search results  , and then use their classifications directly to classify the original query. A grid search defines a grid over the parameter space. We can notice that by adding a slow-rate LSTM weekly-based features to the MR-TDSSM  , it leads to great performance improvement over TDSSM with only one fast-rate LSTM component. Table IIIpresents the significant R coefficients between the parameters and each objective  , as well as the corresponding p-values p for the statistical significance of the association. flippers do not cause occlusions in the scene sensed by the laser and the omnidirectional camera. Answers question page in the search results once seeing it. This situation poses a serious obstacle to the development of Web-scale content similarity search systems based on spatial indexing. Finally  , we consider the effects of the parameters available in each technique. We distributed GOV2 across four leaf search engines and used an aggregate engine to combine search results. For achieving efficiency and handling a general class of XQuery codes  , we generate executable for a query directly  , instead of decomposing the query at the operator level and interpreting the query plan. In our work we propose a novel deep learning approach extended from the Deep Structured Semantic Models DSSM 9 to map users and items to a shared semantic space and recommend items that have maximum similarity with users in the mapped space.   , along with predictive text and auto-complete capabilities. Koza applied GP Genetic Programming to automatic acquisition of subsum tion architecture to perform wall-following behavior  ?2. The second issue  , the optimization of virtual graph patterns inside an IMPRECISE clause  , can be addressed with similarity indexes to cache repeated similarity computations—an issue which we have not addressed so far. Two traditional join methods were used for the comparisons: nested-loop join using an index on the inner relation NL-INDEX and a variant of sort-merge join where the outer relation must be sorted but the inner relation can be accessed in sorted order using a clustered index NL- SORT. The searching contains -a subject oriented browsing -a search for authors  , titles and other relevant bibliographic information -a subject oriented search in different information resources. Notice that the DREAM model utilize an iterative method in learning users' representation vectors. Delrin and ABS plastics were used to fabricate the frame and links. The Digital Mechanism and Gear Library is a heterogeneous digital library with regard to the resources and media types. Essentially  , an interface to a bi-directional weakly connected graph that is transparently generated as the programmer works. The Pearson R coefficient of correlation is 0.884  , which is significant at the 0.05 level two-tailed. The two are related quantities with different focuses. In both works  , the results demonstrated that the idea of using domain specific resources for CLIR is promising. This method consists of a hierarchical search for the best path in a tessellated space  , which is used as the initial conditions for a local path optimization to yield the global optimal path. Each book  , for example  , may take a considerable time to review  , particularly when collecting passage level relevance assessments. As part of the Accelerate and Create task  , we also describe an exploratory tool for efficient and intuitive visualization of large streams. Sample Code Figure 1shows the Java code of two library classes  , Lib and Priv  , and two client classes  , Enterprise and School. Thus we have 21 scene features for hypothesis generation  , 10 of which are valid features of PRISM5. Our approach is attractive for the marketing field  , because the unobserved baseline sales  , marketing promotion effects and other specific effects are estimated by simultaneously. Stack inspection is intended to prevent confused-deputy attacks 9  , which arise when a component C 1 that was not granted access to a resource r obtains access to r indirectly  , by calling into a component C 2 that was granted access to r. Figure 1. The subgraph returned by BFS usually contains less vertices in the target community than the subgraph of the same size obtained by random walk technique. This means we can only include targets for which our methods find at least K source candidates which naturally shrinks the set of test targets. As a second illustration of the use of web projections  , we explore the learning of models to predict users' reformulation behavior and characteristics. This kernel trick makes the computation of dot product in feature space available without ever explicitly knowing the mapping. That is , To support partial chemical name searches  , our search engine segments a chemical name into meaningful sub-terms automatically by utilizing the occurrences of sub-terms in chemical names. Length Longer requests are significantly correlated with success. Results are presented and discussed in Section 4. As a result  , clicking on the branch representing " abdb " as shown in the figure uncovers the pattern of interest. The robot is able to successfully locate the object using information provided exclusively by the second robot. The PSOM concept SI can be seen as the generalization of the SOM with the following three main extensions: the index space S in the Kohonen map is generalized to a continuous mapping manifold S E Etm. Once the list of central actors is generated  , documents of these authors could be displayed and used as starting points for further search activities citation search  , similarity search. We may implement more advanced search capabilities in the future – for example  , limiting a search to a particular index  , such as sample records or setDescriptions. Some of the most severe obstacles faced by developers learning a new API are related to its documentation 32  , in particular because of scarce information about the API's design  , rationale 31  , usage scenarios  , and code examples 32. When F reqmin is larger  , the correlation curves decrease especially for substring search. We adopt the dynamic programming approach that proposed by Psaraftis4 . Out of 50 questions provided by the benchmark we have successfully answered 16 correct and 1 partially correct. Since questions are typically one sentence long and contain fewer words than answers  , we only apply pruning on answer passages. Thus the complexity of computing one context-aware rating is exponential in the number of modes and polynomial in the number of factors. 4shows the beating heart motion along z axis with its interpolation function and the frequency spectrum calculated from off-line fast fourier transform. Finally  , we summarize our work. For DE→EN  , QR achieves almost the same MAP compared to using OQ  , which demonstrates the usefulness of QR for CLIR. We can obtain multiple search results rankings by sending multiple subqueries constructed in Query making to an SE. We use a Random Forest that predicts stable grasps at similar accuracy as a Convolutional Neural Net CNN and has the additional ability to cluster locally similar data in a supervised manner. The assumption behind such mechanism is that queries are consistently used in one language. As shown in Table 4  , the proposed methods outperformed TF*IDF in terms of multiple metrics. The derivation is done by fitting 20 evenly spaced points  , each point being the number of total words versus the number of unique words seen in a collection. by a logistic function. In this paper  , we presented TL-PLSA  , a new approach to transfer learning  , based on PLSA. The middle diagram shows the tendency that the quality of similarity search can be increased by smaller decay factor . It can be shown that the number of possible decompositions i.e. Thus for both full generality and for tree outputting an explicitly maintained global stack is demanded. In Section 5 we present a technique based on analyzing the properties of ideal queries  , and using those observations to prune the option search space. The optimization problem becomes even more interesting in the light of interactive querying sessions 2  , which should be quite common when working with inductive databases. Type-2 terms are non-type-0 terms in the original query. On this corpus  , we target at two entity types: phone and email. However  , performing such a merge-sort on 1 ,200 GB of data is prohibitively expensive. We propose several effective and scalable dimensionality reduction techniques that reduce the dimension to a reasonable size without the loss of much information. This paper's main contribution is a novel approach to CTIR. In this paper  , we address the problem of similarity search in large databases. Satakirjasto Sata is a traditional public library online catalog providing users with quick search  , advanced search and a browsing option. This saves a pass over the data by combining the last merge pass of external sort with join-merge pass. These methods have become prominent in recent years because they combine scalability with high predictive accuracy. It allows learning accurate predictive models from large relational databases. Note that we use rounded rectangles to depict extraction steps and hexagons to depict pattern matching steps. We segmented each page into individual words by embedding the Bing HTML parser into DryadLINQ and performing the parsing and word-breaking on our compute cluster. While all three access mechanisms were identified prominently in the tutorial—a color  , printed document left with each participant—non-text access required extra thought and work. For instance   , during the 4-merge phase phase 2 in the figure all compare-and-swaps performed within the first 4-item block are ascending  , whereas they are descending for the second 4-item block. This result could conceivably indicate that on average  , traditional full-text text ranking methods are best for XML search at least for documents embedding large chunks of text. Kc  , =  0 The initial values of joint stiffness matrix and joint torque in Figure 6are Given the fact that b/k blocks are needed in the fist phase  , and k blocks are needed in the second phase of the join  , the challenge is to find the value for k  , where the memory consumption maxb/k ,k is minimal : Indeed  , training a classifier on the Shannon entropy of a user's distribution of NRC categories achieved good performance on FOLLOWERS and KLOUT  , with accuracies of 65.36% and 62.38% respectively both significant at p < 0.0001. If the decelerations of the two vehicles are close  , from the two previous equation  , we can say that additional risk is mainly resulting of the parameter γT r . Previous work 20  , 57 showed that the use of different measures can impact both the fitting and the predictive performance of the models built by GA: relative measures e.g. We developed high speed 128ch simultaneous AD boardFig.5. function based on this metric to zero. 0 The random walk as defined does not converge to the uniform distribution. After reading the returned search results  , the searcher might realize his inappropriate choices  , correct them  , and redo the search. The requirement for random access can be accommodated with conventional indexing or hashing methods. The resolution of this problem by classic optimization methods is not foreseeable in the general case due to the fact of the considerable increase of the complexity of the problem to optimize. As a result  , learning on the task-level is simpler and faster than learning on the component system level. They were instructed to take the block from HERB's hand once HERB had extended the block to them. 4 explore random walk models on the click graph for propagating click information to URLs which have not been clicked. As the number of clusters increases  , the performance of three methods converge to a similar level  , around 0.8. Also note that k = 0 represents the static cluster from RANSAC while k = 1.. K is a unique identifier for the individual dynamic clusters found using DBSCAN for the current frame. The table show that  , on average  , even the pessimistic estimate exceeds the next best the Raven boolean classifier system performance by over 4.5 %. Moreover  , within each corpus setting  , we go into details to inspect the effectiveness using different features. Therefore   , we are going to use the JoBimText framework 5  to create symbolic conceptualizations . Validity  , reliability  , and efficiency are more complex issues to evaluate. Three experiments were conducted  , one based on nouns  , one based on stylometric properties  , and one based on punctuation statistics. Hence users may not be able to see all the photographs actually belonging to that cluster. Density-based methods identify clusters through the data point density and can usually discover clusters with arbitrary shapes without a pre-set number of clusters. The choice of which weight to update is made at random  , in an effort to avoid local minima in the search space  , but  The configurations usually converge well within 100 iterations . The sorting office had many impermanent sonar features. LSTM outputs a representation ht for position t  , given by    , xT }  , where xt is the word embedding at position t in the sentence. In the startup phase  , initial estimates of the hyperparameters φ 0 are obtained. In twitter corpus based query expansion  , we first use TREC-API to get the top ranked tweet set. We present the rewrite rules in the order in which they are applied. With the computed weights  , the similarity in PCC method is computed as: In our experiments  , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. This results in the following regularized hinge-loss objective: Figure 10shows that the search quality is not so sensitive to different K values. As Gupta et al 10 comment the most successful systems are those which an organizing structure has been imposed on the data to give it semantic relevance. Note that the English and Chinese documents are not parallel texts. In sequence-to-sequence generation tasks  , an LSTM defines a distribution over outputs and sequentially predicts tokens using a softmax function. Our first research question examined the impact of non-uniform information access on the outcomes of CIR. Search options and all information needed to use the search box must be placed before the box since the screen reader cannot " jump " back and forth as the eyes could. 2007 10 use search engines to get the semantic relatedness between words. Search tool order was counterbalanced across educational tasks; tasks were presented in a random  , but fixed  , order. Every session began with a query to Google  , Yahoo! Previous results may serve as a source of inspiration for new similarity search queries for refining search intentions. This indicates that Local Prediction is sufficient and even better than Global Prediction at selecting only a few representative phrases for each aspect. Certainly  , if the lexicon is available in main memory it can be scanned using normal pattern rnatching techniques to locate partially specified terms. The space of word clouds is itself high-dimensional  , and indeed  , might have greater dimension than the original space. We instantiate the proposed framework using biased MF model  , a popular MF based model for rating prediction. In comparison to Balmin  , Hristidis  , and Papakonstantinou  , 2004 where random walks are used on a document semantic similarity graph  , our work uses the authorship information to enhance keyword search. , clicked content redundancy and click distance  , are completely discarded. The goal of learning-to-rank is to find a scoring function f x that can minimize the loss function defined as: Let P Q denote the probability of observing query Q  , based on the underlying distribution of queries in the universe Q of all possible queries that users can issue together with all possible result combinations. This shows that the image-based techniques are more flexible to data fitting and local inaccuracies of the model than the geometric-based approaches  , which impose a rigid transformation . Following is a list of the keywords and keyphrases to be used in the mechanized search. We remark that System C also uses a data mapping in the spirit of 23  that results in comparatively simple and efficient execution plans and thus outperforms all other systems for Q2 and Q3. The left side shows one of the random split experiments from Table 6with a Pearson correlation of >0.6. Search engines can update their index in batch mode  , incremental mode  , or real-time mode  , according to the freshness requirements for the search results. Service call invocations will be tracked and displayed to illustrate query optimization and execution. Interestingly  , this assumption yielded good results in the English-F'rench CLIR runs. In this paper we aim to develop a state-of-the-art method for detecting abusive language in user comments  , while also addressing the above deficiencies in the field. The method of variable mapping of master t o slave motion was successfully applied to manipulation assistance in a cylindrical environment. , projection  , duplicate elimination that have no influence on the emptiness of the query output. As discussed earlier  , Yahoo! Since the evaluation of the entire ensemble is critical for the reweighting step on the next iteration  , and the previous ensemble state may be already overfitted  , the errors may be unwittingly propagated as the random forest is built  , being not robust to such high dimensional noisy data. In an early attempt  , Anuta l  used cross-correlation to search for corresponding features between registered images; later he introduced the idea of using fast Fourier transform. Hence  , this approach bears high potential for CLIR tasks. This has the effect of labeling an attribute as negative either if its frequency PMI is low relative to other positive attributes or its word embedding is far away from positive attributes. Thus  , selective expansion may actually do better than the reported performance from the simulations. From previous experiments  , we have seen that the number of topics K is an important parameter  , whose optimal value is difficult to predict. A contextaware Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. Second  , rather than expanding using documents directly query → documents → expanded query  , we expand using the search results of related queries query → related queries → documents → expanded query. Ideally  , a similarity search system should be able to achieve high-quality search with high speed  , while using a small amount of space. As with suspension  , paging enables an external sort to relinquish its buffers as and when they are needed for replacement or for release to the DBMS. The key of most techniques is to exploit random projection to tackle the curse of dimensionality issue  , such as Locality-Sensitive Hashing LSH 20   , a very well-known and highly successful technique in this area. With an in-depth study to analyze the impacts of saliency features in search environment  , we demonstrate visual saliency features have a significant improvement on the performance of examination prediction. For example we are solving for six registration parameters translation and rotation; therefore the simplex has 7 vertices and the error associated with each of the vertices. For example  , one scientist may feel that matching on primary structure is beneficial  , while another may be interested in finding secondary structure similarities in order to predict biomolecular interactions 16. We leverage the dynamic programming paradigm  , due to the following observa- tion: Next  , we investigate how to determine the optimal bucket boundaries efficiently. Instead of mapping both queries and documents to the kdimensional concept space via U T k and computing the cosine similarity there  , we may therefore as well transform the documents via the m × m matrix U k U T k   , and compute cosine similarities in the original term space. lib " represents the library from which the manuscript contained in the image originates and can be one of eight labels: i AC -The Allan and Maria Myers Academic Centre  , University of Melbourne  , Australia. While performing the decorrelation of NOT IN queries we assumed the availability of sort-merge anti-join. Section 2 offers a brief introduction to the theory of support vector classification. However  , there may be applications where this assumption does not hold  , i.e. In order to improve information exchange beyond the " shared part " of the ontologies  , we promote both query expansion at the query initiator's side and query interpretation at the document provider's side. Davison pioneered a study 13 over about 100 ,000 pages sampled from the repository of a research search engine called DiscoWeb. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. Benchmarked using TREC 6 French to English CLIR task  , CLQS demonstrates higher effectiveness than the traditional query translation methods using either bilingual dictionary or commercial machine translation tools. remains unsolved. This is due to the start-up costs associated with the segmentation and could be reduced even further with improvements to the PREDATOR optimizer. In this discussion  , we will focus on the transfer function between actuator position/velocity and the actuator force  , as the phase relationship between these will relate to our optimal spring problem. texts  , pictures and physical models see Figure1 and requires analytical  , graphical and physical forms of representation. As a component of a long term project minifactory'  5   which is focused on the development of modular robotic components and tools to support the rapid deployment and programming of high-precision assembly systems  , the work presented here targets the most  basic levels of a modular control and coordination architecture which is central to the larger project. For our following considerations  , we restrict the projections to the class of axes-parallel projections   , which means that we are searching for meaningful combinations of dimensions attributes. It is difficult to accurately determine the center of gravity and the moment of inertia of each leg in the tumbler system. It may be possible that one or more chunks in that window have been outdated  , resulting in a less accurate classification model. This approach outperforms many other query expansion techniques. In order for the controller to be proper the order of the denominator of the transfer function is larger than that of the numerator  , the order of GD must be larger than 2. In case neither approach detects the Web answer in the corpus  , we simply browse through the paragraphs returned by the Indri IR system in the order of their relevance and select the first hit as the supporting document. The product class  , in itself  , is a heterogeneous mix of multiple classes  , depending on the categories they belong to. Specifically  , datasets involved in our experiments consist of text and images  , and we use text as query to search similar images and image as query to search similar texts. While most existing studies have concentrated on CLIR between English and one or more European languages  , there is a need to develop methods for CLIR between European and Asian languages . Our main goal at this stage is to demonstrate the utility of using mathematical models to analyze the outcome of preservation strategies in practical situations. First  , we cannot always expand function calls by inline code due to the existence of recursive functions. 'h LCA expansion has higher precision at low recall levels. Of course  , in this particular case all configuration are possible  , but we trained the Q-learning to use this configuration exclusively on the flat terrain since it provides the best observation conditions i.e. 101have been applied to test the contribution of the new optimal search directions. We choose grep-2.2 as the subject program in this study. The use of a solid arrow to make this connection denotes that this mapping from the problem level to the solution level facilitates two goals  , in this case both the generation of new variants and also expedited navigation. Document vectors of the foreign language i.e. Our baseline bilingual CLIR lexicon is based on EDICT 4   , a widely used Japanese-to-English wordlist that contains a list of Japanese words and their English translations. Finally  , to address the varying number of checkins per user  , we compute the Shannon Entropy of the per user checkin frequency. If their types match  , we further check whether they are synonyms. The time spent on the sort-and-merge takes up most of the running time over 70%. Another issue for MQ is about threshold learning. Such a set is identified either as a frequent set  , or as attributes having a large value in a column of the A matrix in ICA or NMF or as attributes w having a large value of P w|z in PLSA. SQL/D& OBE. Section 4 is the result discussion. Our third baseline is obtained by performing federated retrieval without query expansion BSNE. The model image shows the results of surfacing from range data. For an n clof manipulator  , the search space is exponential in n  , resulting in n * X states for a discretization x. With the rapidly expanding scientific literature  , identifying and digesting valuable knowledge is a challenging task especially in digital library. Its main function is to transfer users demands to the concerned pool and the informations possibly returned to users from the pool. Table 1provides some statistics of the data. Otherwise  , a numerical method is necessary. 2B. Figure 4. It is parallelizable which is only possible for grid search and random search while all other tuning strategies are not trivially parallelizable. Counting the number of IPs shared by any pair of sites requires one scan on the sorted data. We consider a set of objects described by boolean variables . The TREC 2011 topic set seems the most difficult one. In 2  , and the correspondent transfer function is: If the plasticity phenomena typical of polymeric materials is taken into account  , the force/elongation characteristic of the tendon is modeled as in Fig. We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator  , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method. We first conduct a breadth-first or depth-first search on the graph. Such overlap relationship characterizes the normal behavior of the application.  Retrieve and apply updates for synchronization: updates can also be represented using in-memory objects  , files and tables. We discuss the method used to obtain accepting regular expressions as well as the ranking heuristics below. We compute TFIDF in both source and target language corpora for each term. Typically   , in a similarity search  , a user wants to search for images that are similar to a given query image. ADEPT supports the creation of personalized digital libraries of geospatial information  " learning spaces "  but owns its resources unlike in G-Portal where the development of the collection depends mainly on users' contributions as well as on the discovery and acquisition of external resources such as geography-related Web sites. Third  , we were interested in how the different systems took advantage of secondary indices on joining attributes   , when these were available. However in MIND  , we do not rely on such information being present. This cycle is repeated until the path is adequately refined. Every search goal is represented with a search trail. Here  , the authors start from a bid proportional auction resource allocation model and propose an incomplete common information model where one bidder does not know how much the others would like to pay for the computing resource. When dealing with interval plant systems with independent coefficients one typically is interested in Kharitonov polynomials. This binding is realized in the notion of In a query of type 1  , the text pattern can be specified in many different ways  , e.g. Thus  , a monolingual retrieval engine does not need to be altered after translating queries into the target language. This is not a very restrictive assumption since we use stochastic gradient descent which requires to take small steps to converge. Using the same set of real user queries  , these search modes included: 1 a global search of the directory from the root node  , 2 a localized search of the relevant sub-directories using global idfs  , and 3 a localized search of the relevant sub-directories using the appropriate dynamically-calculated local idfs. In examples  , we use the short hand a → r to define the rule a  , //a ⇒ r specifying that the children of every aelement should match regular expression r. Example 5. Hiding these vertical results from view until the searcher is ready to use them might lead to a better search experience. The effect of resource quality on retrieval efficacy has received little attention in the literature. The similarity is measured by by mutual information between an entry candidate ei and all concepts C for query q: We hence disambiguate Wiki entries by measuring the similarity between the entires and the topics mentioned in the search queries. Because Clarity computation is expensive  , we calculated Clarity only for a random subset of 600 queries drawn from our original query set. The Random Projection Rtree addresses the problem by projecting all ellipsoids onto a fixed set of k randomly selected lines. Dynamic Programming Module: Given an input sequence of maximum beacon frame luminance values and settings of variables associated with constraints discussed later  , the Dynamic Programming Module outputs a backlight scaling schedule that minimizes the backlight levels. The method of simulated annealing was used with this metric as the energy function for two sets of initial and final configurations one simply connected and one containing a loop. ■ Second  , to check if a step that marks up distinctively structured parts of the text is complete  , we can use regular expression patterns: The respective XPath test can check if a piece of the document text matches a specific pattern  , but is not marked up accordingly . The context information of a search activation usually includes: 1. This can be done within ESA by either manually selecting documents or by automatic and random selection  , at a user's discretion. Oracle provides a rich full-text search API that can be used to build information retrieval applications. In the searching step  , we test the variables using an α-investing rule and in a sequential manner. This situation does not take the sentiment information into account. Random Forest is the classifier used. This approach avoids the performance overheads associated with threads: kernel scheduling  , context switching  , stack and task data structures allocation  , synchronization   , inter-thread communication  , and thread safety issues. For the constant elasticity case this means that K J = diag{K J ,i }  , i.e. Sessions start with a search engine query followed by a click on a search engine result. The optimization method we use is a modification of the well-known evolution strategy 15  , 161  , augmented with an extrapolation operation in addition to the standard mutation operator. If K  , N  , T assume realistic values  , though  , the exact solution of BP may become rather cumbersome or infeasible in practice. We conducted experiments on three different datasets; two are real Web datasets from a commercial search engine and one is an artificial dataset 2 created to remove any variance caused by the quality of features and/or relevance labels. Bhatia has adopted the latest idea to provide personalized query expansion based on a user profile represented by a dependence tree 3. van Rijsbergen suggests the use of the constructed dependence tree for query expansion. Subconscious knowledge or techniques often play an important role in human task performance. The final classification P c|I  , x is given by averaging over these distributions. In addition  , agile modeling does not provide ways to plan the modeling sessions in your software projects whereas in JAD and RaPiD7 the planning is seen crucial for success.  The knowledge base is enriched by learning from user behaviors  , such that the retrieval performance can be enhanced in a hill-climbing manner. we consider all possible combinations of resolutions for these toponyms  , this results in about 3·10 17 possibilities  , an astonishingly large number for this relatively small portion of text  , which is far too many to check in a reasonable time. 2 It is helpful for CLIR since it can extract semantically relevant queries in target language. However  , it can still be used in open-loop control and other closed-loop control strategies. ls: lightly stemmed words  , obtained by using pattern matching to remove common prefixes and suffixes. Moreover  , ranking documents with respect to a pattern query that contains multiple similarity constraints is a complex problem that should be addressed after the more basic problem of capturing the similarity of two math expressions discussed in this paper is addressed. The results of the rating question on relevance suggested that users believed the returned sets were not always semantically relevant. The three search requests result in a search response that is a list of brief descriptions of zetoc records matching the search. Session: LBR Highlights March 5–8  , 2012  , Boston  , Massachusetts  , USA  Multiple autoencoders can be stacked so that the activations of hidden layer l are used as inputs to the autoencoder at layer l + 1. Similar to the balanced Random Forest 7  , EasyEnsemble generates T balanced sub-problems. Query expansion was applied to just the topic type. Let us mathematically formulate the problem of multi-objective optimization in database retrieval and then consider typical sample applications for information systems: Multi-objective Retrieval: Given a database between price  , efficiency and quality of certain products have to be assessed  Personal preferences of users requesting a Web service for a complex task have to be evaluated to select most appropriate services Also in the field of databases and query optimization such optimization problems often occur like in 22 for the choice of query plans given different execution costs and latencies or in 19 for choosing data sources with optimized information quality. λ1 and λ2 are two trade-off parameters that explore the relative importance of classification results in the source domain and the target domain. The join can be done using a hash based or sort merge technique. One of the interesting results from our human evaluation is the relevance score for the original tags assigned to a blog post. Since the function getBib is nonrecursive   , we introduce another function: define function s1xs:AnyType $a returns xs:AnyType { for $n in $a return typeswitch $n as $x case element titlexs:AnyType return $x  , s1children$x case  return  default return s1children$x } Our strategy is based on the evolution of the term-class relationship over time  , captured by a metric of dominance. Then  , the actual existence of the contour feature is verified by determining disparity between F  , and the content of CW. We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 2 to set up the experiment environment. In this section  , we illustrate the split group duplicate problem that arises if we ignore this subtle difference between materialized view maintenance and the " traditional " associative/commutative update problems studied by Korth Kor83 and others. Further  , we will replace the exponential moving average with an more efficient stochastic gradient hill climbing strategy. We motivate the framework by adopting the word vectors to represent terms and further to represent the query due to the ability to represent things semantically of word vectors. Figure 6shows the distribution of queries over clients. It also included a search box to allow users to search using keywords. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . Note that the number of possible transformed transactions is 2 |B S F | which is much larger than the number of possible original transactions 2 |I| . From the home page  , every user registered and non-registered can search for public material on the system  , login for managing the owned material  , registering into the system. Furthermore  , they normalize each single search result in isolation  , and do not even take into account if the result is good or bad in comparison to other results from the same engine  , whereby the best result of a very bad run may be assigned a similar normalized score as the best result of a very good one. Immediately below the text search box  , is a search history pull down menu  , which gives a list of the text queries previously executed by the user. To capture the behavior of SaaSs and IaaS in this conflicting situation game in which what a SaaS or the IaaS the players of the game does directly affects what others do  , we consider the Generalized Nash game13  , 15  , which is broadly used in Game Theory and other fields. However  , even if we combine DP with hill-climbing  , the planning problem is not yet free from combinatorial explosion . The above formula is obtained by just assuming that the probability that an instance is positive is equal to the product of probability  , Pr+|F a Pr+|Ea. From the desktop to the internet  , through enterprise intranets  , the search " giants " are engaged in a fight for control of the search infrastructure. For regions where there are more two non-leaf nodes  , we resort back to dynamic programming . We tag entities using a regular expression tagger  , a trie-based tagger and a scalable n-gram tagger 14. This shows that query expansion is crucial for short queries as it is hard to extract word dependency information from the original query for RBS. However   , our method is not time-consuming and experimental results show that we always get a correct minimum in a low number of iterations. Permission to copy without fee all or part of this material is granted provided that the copies are not made or distributed for direct commercial advantage  , the VLDB copyright notice and the title of the publication and its date appear  , and notice is given that copying is by permission of the Very Large Data Base Endowment. Scans from a triangle of points in pose-space will project to a non-Euclidean triangle of points in eigenspace. The example below is an excerpt from 27 which has been modified to yield an unstable nominal system. Post training  , the abstract level representation of the given terms can be obtained as shown in c. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. Thus  , the search time is relatively longer than in a search from a keyword-based database. One promising method is LCS longest common subsequence and another skipgrams 8. A similar situation is visible in the rating imputation GROC and CROC plots. Furthermore  , if a general optimality criterion is given at runtime  , a global optimum can be sought along the lower-dimensional self-motion manifold rather than in the complete n-dimensional configuration space. L is the average number of non-zero features in each training instance. Different from previous empirical work  , we show how soft pattern matching is achieved within the framework of two standard probabilistic models. To demonstrate the flexibility and the potential of the LOTUS framework  , we performed retrieval on the query " graph pattern " . Illustration of k-merge phases: Figure 3 gives an illustration of bitonic sort for m = 8. a =in order Eps' . Examples of these approaches are presented in 3 and 4 where frequency statistics are used for selecting the translation of a term; contrariwise  , in 5 and 6 more sophisticated techniques exploiting term co-occurrence statistics are described. Query expansion  , in gereral  , does make a positive contribution to the retrieval performance. The second was a segmented record data structure: the primary segment simply contains a pointer to the secondary segmen~ which contains the data fields. First  , we have designed an ontology specific for personal photos from 10 ,000 active users in Flickr. Sort-merge duplicate elimination also divides the input relation  , but uses physical memory loads as the units of division. Due to space limitation  , we will not enumerate these results here. The equivalent of the entity-relationship diagram in figureshows the relationship of document records to search sets. It is well-known that learning m based on ML generally leads to overfitting. In this paper  , we would like to approach the problem of similarity search by enhancing the full-text retrieval library Lucene 1 with content-based image retrieval facilities. How to get the useful properties of time series data is an important problem. The CWB searches for subject keywords through a breadth-first search of the tree structure. The method is based on: i a semantic relevance function acting as a kernel to discover the semantic affinities of heterogeneous information items  , and ii an asymmetric vector projection model on which semantic dependency graphs among information items are built and representative elements of these graphs can be selected. When m or n is large  , storing user or item vectors of the size Omr or Onr and similarity search of the complexity On will be a critical efficiency bottleneck   , which has not been well addressed in recent progress on recommender efficiency 23. Both tools employ heuristics to speed up their search. With these abundantly available user online activities   , recommending relevant items can be achieved more efficiently and effectively. This additional level of indirection results in a more diverse set of expansion terms  , although it may also result in noisy or spurious expansion features  , as well. Candidate expansion term w is scored according to scorew , This plan must be prepared jointly by the computer systems engineers and the eventual user of the system. – automatic audio annotations coming from emotional states recognition for example fear  , neutral  , anger. 2  , we also extend it with two commonly used strategies  , i.e. Word embedding as technique for representing the meaning of a word in terms other words  , as exemplified by the Word2vec ap- proach 7 . K v can contain any unnested function term f   , where f ∈ K v means that at plan time the planner " knows the value of f . " Search Page Rankings: The search result ranking of a site represents a site's popularity  , as captured by a multitude of factors including page rank and query relevance. In this section  , we formally define the extension of the database . Thus  , for materialized views  , it may be adequate to limit support to a subclass of common operations where view substitution has a large query execution payoff. This Sort should also simplify the Group operation that follows and associates to each researcher the number of projects it belongs to. It is possible to address automatically the domain specific terms of queries to the correct dictionaries  , because different domains have different terminologies. Simulated annealing consistently does as well or better than hill climbing  , so we report only those results for the next two tables. However  , the language model would often make mistakes that the regular expression classifier would judge correctly. Our use of the stress function is slightly unusual  , because instead of projecting the documents onto a low-dimensional space  , such as R 2   , we are mapping documents to the space of word clouds. This similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation coefficient between their rating vectors.   , it is very tlifficidt to implement and optimize the mapping f l : l iising the mathematical or numeric approaches. Parsing is doable despite no good delimiter . Searches use token adjacency indexes to find sequences of tokens a phrase search instead of just a word search. We collected 10 search results for each information problem using the Google search engine. In fact  , he showed that every class of regular expressions that contains all non-empty finite languages and at least one infinite language is not learnable in the limit from positive data. , id-r for some mapping function G. yet to be defined. Figure 2a and Patterns for answer extraction are learned from question-answer pairs using the Web as a resource for pattern retrieval. We feel that in many applications a superior baseline can be developed. While they focus on model-driven engineering in contrast to us  , an interesting area of future work is likewise to which extent we can support reconstruction of behavioral views by annotations and thus use that information in evolution. The dynamic programming is performed off-line and the results are used by the realtime controllers. The method searches for the weights that correspond to the best projection of data in the ddimensional space according to S&D. contains the comparison operators   , σ  , which are able to work uniformly on compressed and uncompressed inputs; it is the task of the optimizer to i determine which one to use and ii make sure that the proper compression / decompression steps have been taken so that the attributes to be compared by or σ have the same compression status. In TREC 2003 QA  , we focused on definitional questions. The problem of mining graph-structured data has received considerable attention in recent years  , as it has applications in such diverse areas as biology  , the life sciences  , the World Wide Web  , or social sciences. Although some of this dynamic machinery may be accidental and dangerous rather than essential   , the core of this pattern is support for highly configurable user interfaces. We use the term " hand " heca.uae a InpIe 7 in R joins with a tuple s in S only if r. A appears within a " hand " of size cl + c2 about s-5. We hope query expansion will provide some so-called topic words for a query and also increase the mutual disambiguation of common query words. We looked at the activity signatures of 321 workers who had at least one complete signature and had completed the NER task. Indri. shows whether query graph q l has feature fi  , and z jl indicates whether database graph gj is pruned for query graph q l . If its implementation is such that the least recent state is chosen  , then the search strategy is breadth-first. Each keyword search has a unique search ID. Ail and A12 are the membership function in the antecedent part  , B  , is the membership function in the consequent part. In summary  , we have created a unified framework for MoIR and CLIR which relies solely on word embeddings induced in an unsupervised fashion from document-aligned comparable data. 1 indicates that VSM with query expansion is obviously the worst method. where w ∈ w1  , w2  , ..  , w l are words which questions contain. With the vector space engine they employ  , their overall 11pt performance 0.24 is slightly above the one for the search engine we use 0.20. Content creator-owned tagging systems those without a collaborative component  , especially suffer from inconsistent and idiosyncratic tagging. CSCs have very limited time to examine search result. , entities  , types  , frames  , temporal information for IR. CLIR is characterized by differences in query and document language 3. Newton's Laws and Newton's Law of Gravity are the Limits for my One Law of Nature 39. The latter join is implemented as a three-way mid 4 -outer sort-merge join. This modeling approach has the advantage of improving our understanding of the mechanisms driving diffusion  , and of testing the predictive power of information diffusion models. The power of textual patterns for question answering looks quite amazing and stimulating to us. The value of Qo is similarly an increasing function of K which in this case means that as K increases the range of batch sizes over which the GS policy is more desirable increases. Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels  , product classes  , properties  , value instances  , and top-level classes for each product ontology. Because the vast majority of property labels are of English origin  , we could not apply this baseline to Spanish QALD-4 data. This could be done by mapping the object parameters into the feature space and thus writing them as a geometric constraint. Secondly  , we would like to establish whether term frequency  , as modelled by the TP distribution  , represents useful additional information. This results in topic distributions associated with the sets Q and QA and each element contained therein θ Q i and θ QA i Besides the drawbacks of suspension and paging that we discussed in the introduction  , these hybrid approachcs would also prevent an external sort from taking advantage ol extra memory beyond the initially allocated amount Ihn may become available while the sort is in the merge phase. To support the application  , each document that matches a query has to be retrieved from a random location on a disk. the resulting query plan can be cached and re-used exactly the way conventional query plans are cached. Using Kohonen maps allow the robot to organize the models of the three objects based on its embodiment without the designer's intervention because of the self-organizing characteristic of the map. The stopping point of the recursion is the second rule for an empty sequence type. This is useful because users generally use such rules to disambiguate names; for an example  , " if the affiliations are matched  , and both are the first author  , then .. " . We empirically show the benefits of plan refinement and the low overhead it adds to the cost of query optimization. This is a type of template matching methodology  , where the search region is 1074 examined for a match between the observed pattern and the expected template  , stored in the database. Our goal is to compare four methods of query expansion or augmentation under a spectrum of conditions corresponding to differing quality translation resources. The search engine can be activated in different modes applying three different search types  , namely  , Automatic Query Expansion auto  , Interactive Query Expansion semi  , and a regular search without query expansion none. , English or language LT e.g. CHS99  proposes least expected cost query optimization which takes distribution of the parameter values as its input and generates a plan that is expected to perform well when each parameter takes a value from its distribution at run-time. Query expansion comes from two sources and used in different stages. This has the effect of reducing both false positives  , i. e. useless documents that fail to fulfill the user's needs  , and false negatives  , i. e. useful documents that the system fails to deliver  , from the retrieved set. This continues until there are no more transitions to be fired. in 21. In FS98 two optimization techniques for generalized path expressions are presented  , query pruning and query rewriting using state extents. following and hill-climbing control laws  , moving between and localizing at distinctive states. The data set used in our experiment comes from a commercial news portal which serves millions of daily users in a variety of countries and languages. In this strategy  , the expansion terms are not limited to the set of explicit expansion concepts XE which were defined previously. Graph pattern matching Consider the graph pattern P from Fig. It is clear that transparent position control can be achieved by using where k is a scale factor. In conclusion  , this paper has put forward some of the hard questions the semantic Web needs to answer  , examined some of the pitfalls that may occur if they are not addressed  , and explained the relevance of the symbol grounding problem for the kinds of semantic interoperability issues commonly encountered. This is a very important issue since if the rules were applied in an unordered and exhaustive manner there would be the problem of exponential explosion of the search space. This means that there are less than k objects in our constrained region. Without query expansion  , the difference between short and long queries is 0.0669. These approaches focus on analyzing one-shot data points to detect emergent events. An underlying assumption in this approach is that the initial manual translation is accurate  , and that it can be unambiguously translated back to the original Japanese query. We address this problem by implementing feature hashing 28 on the space of matrix elements. This indicates that the information about curvature is contained in the data  , however the model used to estimate curvature is not quite correct. For OP- TICS  , M inP ts is set to a fixed value so that density-based clusters of different densities are characterized by different values for . Then the optimization target becomes F = arg max F ∈F lF  , where F is the set of all possible query facet sets that can be generated from L with the strict partitioning constraint. Techniques like simulated annealing  , the AB technique Swly93  , and iterative improvement will be essential. The NFEPN niodel is also used to implement and optimize the mapping f 1 3 . That is  , the cross-modal semantically related data objects should have similar hash codes after mapping. We found that  , counter to general wisdom regarding the max score optimization  , max score and our technique did not work as effectively on our expanded query set as on title queries. The recency-based query-expansion approach described in Section 3.2 scores candidate expansion terms based on their degree of co-occurrence with the original query-terms in recent tweets. To maximize the CPU utilization efficiency  , the data manipulation is structured as non-blocking with respect to the following I/O operations: transfer of input data for procedures among cluster nodes  , other request/reply communication between search engine components on different cluster nodes  , HTTP communication with web servers  , and local disk reads and writes. The resulting operation  , called SIKC val*v ,R.k  , delivers and marks all non marked tuple ve&es connected to the value v by one edge valued by R.k. Despite its complexity  , the LuGre dynamic friction model has been chosen in this activity to further improve the fitting between simulation and experimental results. However  , if the optimal contour crosses many partitions  , the performance will not be as good. , 14  , 11  , in this paper we also focus on the induction of bilingual word embeddings BWEs  , and show how to use BWEs in cross-lingual information retrieval tasks. Image search engines often present a query interface to allow users to submit a query in some forms  , e.g. This work also compared the performance of different similarity measures  , i.e. Such an initialization allows a query as well as a URL to represent multiple search intents  , and at the same time avoids the problem of assigning undesirable large emission probabilities. Think of a tool that marks up dates. As a consequence  , for a given problem the rule-based optimization always yield to the same set of solutions. Clearly  , main memory graph implementations do not scale. For check-in behavior  , the time-ordered check-in history of an individual corresponds to her action sequence in our general model. The external API enables relatively simple programming of new behaviors of the isolation engine. The search was repeated for 50 trials using a different subsequence as query. The TREC-2001 CLIR track focussed this year on searching Arabic documents using English  , French or Arabic queries. Once the learned policy is good enough to control the robot  , the second phase of learning begins. The autoencoder was found to be computationally infeasible when applied to the described datasets and therefore its retrieval performance is not presented. During testj'lg phase  , the texture feature of testing im­ age will be extmcted. However   , there are two difficulties in calculating stochastic gradient descents. The popularity increase is much more sudden under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model. In addition  , it allows an incremental search. We also plan to apply this method to general C-space mapping for convex polyhedra. For this project  , we have used a different approach  , which is to seed the search space with many guesses  , taking the best one the smallest average distance error  , and running it to minimization. This equation  , however  , does not take into account the similarity of interpretation words. When we read a story  , we place naturally characters in time and space that provide us with further context to understand.  A Fact Base which stores the intermediate search results and information needed to select the next search strategy. The NDCG results from the user dependent rating imputation method are shown in Table 2. Therefore  , the positional error can be clearly evaluated wherever the end of the arm is located in the workspace. Nevertheless  , such pattern matching is well supported in current engines  , by using inverted lists– our realization can build upon similar techniques. The simulation results manifest our method's strong robustness. For each of the three tested categories we trained a different classifier based on the Random Forest model described in Section 3.2.2. , the aforementioned Stack Reverse. LSP is composed of lexical entries  , POS tag  , semantic category and their sequence  , and is expressed in regular expression. Let us first consider the special case when λ = 0. tl  , t k are still distingusable. In this paper we will use the GIST descriptor to represent a calligraphic character image. When there is enough memory to merge all remaining runs in one step  , the sort allo cates enough space  , and goes to the last merge step right away. The outer radius rout is defined by the smallest circumscribed sphere with the reference point of the robot as its center. With the smaller yeast data PLSA did not do very well  , but ICA and NMF found interesting longer components and maximal frequent sets gave a good coverage of data. The controlled system's transfer function under perturbation becomes: Experimental results show that both URM and UCM significantly outperform all the baselines in terms of the quality of distilled topics  , model precision  , and predictive power. This is very different from what we do in this paper: our techniques do not propose any changes to current search engine architecture and do not rely on internal data of the search engine; moreover  , our goal is to sample from the whole index and not from the result set of a particular query. Some of this discrepancy will be due to the cost of the additional machine operations  , and on a modern small computer some of the time will be due to cache misses and pipeline flushes. As a result  , a local search produces a ranked list of entities from a local search business database; for ease of notation  , we will refer to these entities as businesses in the following  , as these are the most common form of local search results. sort-merge. I laving discussed how dynamic splitting breaks a merge step into sub-steps in response to a memory reduction  , we now present Ihc provision in the dynamic splitting strategy that allows an cxtemal sort to combine existing merge steps to take advantage of extra buffers as they become available. The majority of the approaches proposed so far for estimating the relevance of a given ad to a given content  , and thus indirectly CTR  , are based on the co-occurrence of words or phrases within ads and pages 13  , 16  , 20 or on a combination of semantic and syntactic factors 4. Specially  , learning semantic representations of review content using skipthought vectors and filling in missing values of aspect ratings show advantages on improving the accuracy of rating prediction. Two gpg triples Gi  ,  ,Pj  ,  ,Gkl sumes less than 5.0 sec CPU time on a SPARC station 5. The joint probability on the words  , classes and the latent variables in one document is thus given by:  different proportion of the topics  , and different topics govern dissimilar word occurrences  , embedding the correlation among different words. CLEF 2007 is a set of 20 ,000 images  , 60 search topics  , and associated relevance judgements. If missing values are missing at random and data set size allows  , missing values rows can be discarded. Once the SFL system has been nondimensionalized  , a nondimensional controller can be designed to meet the nondimensional performance specifications. sources on sort-merge join "   , and this metalink instance is deemed to have the importance sideway value of 0.8. sources on query optimization is viewing  , learning  , etc. Search Engine with automatic query expansion and with advance search options: auto+. Further  , we would assume that if the experiment were reversed   , and we used as our test set a random sample from Google's query stream  , the results of the experiment would be quite different. Since the question pattern represents what information is being asked irrespective of the topic entity  , intuitively a correct candidate chain should match the question pattern from the above three perspectives. In a similar fashion to Section 4.1  , an electronic oscil­ lator was constructed with transfer function: The circuit was built using Rand C values designed to make 't= 1 . This result was ANDed with a query expansion of a "gene and experiment" query synonyms of the word gene and experiment also appear in this query. The stratum approach does not depend on a particular XQuery engine. is a stable transfer function. In almost all type of applications  , it would be sufficient to set Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. If the modeled concept is a generic concept such as ComponentType in Fig. This mapping is defined as φ : X → F   , where X is the original space  , and F is the feature space. In Section 6 we briefly survey the prior work that our system builds upon. We quickly switched to Google for query expansion and found that  , on average  , the top four results produced the most pertinent pages. The model is specified by a set of parameters  , including the estimate of the susceptible population  , and the transition probabilities between different states. Different from traditional text search whose document length is in a wide range  , a tweet contains at most 140 characters. The resulting good performance of CLIR corresponds to the high quality of the suggested queries. In addition to simple keyword searches  , Woogle supports similarity search for web services. Further  , suppose that this tool uses regular expression patterns to recognize dates based on their distinctive syntactical structure. Further   , the search strategy should be independent from the search space 17. On the contrary a negative search model will produce a subset of answers. Consequently  , one would expect dynamic programming to always produce better query plans for a given tree shape. We cannot extend the Featherstone method to the walking robots as easily as we extended Walker and Orin's method  , because we have also to consider the acceleration of point 0 0 and the contact efforts. 12where it can be seen that despite random initialization  , our approach is capable to synthesize point contact grasps that comply to different reachability constraints. After that it matches the query keywords with the generated service semantic graph keywords to find relevance and propose services to the user. Recently  , 28 use Wordnet for query expansion and report negative results. , improved dense trajectory 13  , audio features e.g. In practice  , many regular expression guards of transactions are vacuous leading to a small number of partitions. For any regular expression  , we allow concatenation AND and plus OR to be commutative and define a commuted regular expression of regular expression e to be any regular expression that can be derived from e by a sequence of zero or more commutative operations. For each query  , we got the top results from each of these search providers  , and merged and deduplicated these to get 17 ,741 unique documents. All prior work critically requires sentence-aligned parallel data and readily-available translation dic- tionaries 14  , 11 to induce bilingual word embeddings BWEs that are consistent and closely aligned over languages. Then  , we can check whether the context-free language obtained by the analyzer is disjoint with this set. Notice that our fit is even visually very good  , and it detects seasonalities and up-or down-trends: For example   , our model fitted the success of " Wii " which launched in 2006 and apparently drew attention from the competing " Xbox " . Quite complex textual objects can be specified by regular expressions. A search trail always begins with a query and ends when the information seeking activity stops. It is noteworthy that versions of MDR and ViNTs available on the Web allow for performing only data record extraction. In a non-split situation  , we stop as soon as all members of UpdSeedDel are found to be density-connected to each other. Using the semantic relevance measure  , retrieval tasks were performed to evaluate the semantic relevance measure and the categorized and weighted pictogram retrieval approach. To control the join methods used in the query plans  , each plan was hand-generated and then run using the Starburst query execution driver. The focus of this study is on empirical evaluation of the proposed system. Lemma 3.2. permute and its inverse are Ob time operations   , where b is the number of bytes in the block. Thus the crux of the problem is to design cost models for different DBMSs such that they can be used by the heterogeneous query optimizer. The diameter function of the thin slice is shown in dotted lines along with its transfer function. The one-class classification problem is formulated to find a hyperplane that separates a desired fraction of the training patterns from the origin of the feature space F. This hyperplane cannot be always found in the original feature space  , thus a mapping function Φ : F − → F   , from F to a kernel space F   , is used. See 8  , 25 for data on accuracy and execution time of simulated annealing and tabu search. We opt for ADD-BASIC as the composition model unless noted otherwise. The generated data is created as a set of named graphs 11. In the presence of children  , the predicate consists of the recursive concatenation using boolean or of the predicates of the children. Furthermore  , we will aim at devising automatic configuration approaches for EAGLE. Most previous query expansion approaches focus on text  , mainly using unigram concepts. The main contribution of this paper is in laying the foundations for a semantic search engine over XML documents. The original query is transformed into syntactically different  , but semantically equivalent t queries  , which may possibly yield a more efficient execution planS. Since we are working on short comments  , there are usually only a few phrases in each comment  , so the co-occurrence of head terms in comments is not very informative. This component may also incorporate other query expansion strategies  , such as knowledge-based query expansion . Higher map resolution and better path usually mean more cells thus more space and longer planning time. A total of 11 groups see Table 1 participated in the two classic distributed search tasks 9: Task 1: Resource Selection The goal of resource selection is to select the right resources from a large number of independent search engines given a query. 8is to recognize a parameter by pattern matching. Traditional expectation-based parsers rely heavily on slot restrictions-rules about what semantic classes of words or concepts can fill particular slots in the case frames. In a real teleoperation system it would also had in series the dynamic of the slave arm. Due to space limitations   , we do not present our queries in detail; we refer the reader to the tSPARQL specification instead. RDF triples can also be removed from the knowledge base by providing a statement pattern matching the triples to be deleted delete. Each grasping action corresponds to an orientation of the gripper. Search results consist of images with ORNs that are close to the query image's ORN  , ranked by ORN distances. Each node in the tree containing the image of all reachable states from the initial node along the path. and their morphological variants. The occurrence of sub-itemsets in the search space is a threat when answer completeness is required. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that incorporates tight lower bounding and upper bounding distance function and DWT as well as triangle inequality into index for similarity search in time series database. Finally  , we allow users to optionally specify some keywords that capture relevance and results which contain semantic matches are ranked highest. We aim to derive a mapping Ψ : X → V that projects the input features into a K-dimensional latent space. The first one accepts the regular language defined by the original path expression  , while the second one accepts the reversed language  , which is also regular. Furthermore  , a method for utilising the HSS as the basis for Support-Vector Machine person recognition was detailed. This could significantly shorten the merge phase that follows . The backward search can be illustrated in Figure 4by traversing the graphs in reverse in a breadth-first manner. Our choice of visual design builds upon one of the simplest hierarchical layouts  , the icicle plot 1. ILQUA has been built as an IE-driven QA system ; it extracts answers from documents annotated with named entity tags. Xcerpt's pattern matching is based on simulation unification. Further  , fitting w using a power law with exponential cutoff as described above results in a model requiring only three parameters that provides explanations nearly identical in quality to the model produced by pointwise inference of w at all possible lo- cations. The initial natural language topic statement is submitted to a standard retrieval engine via a Query Expansion Tool QET interface. To reduce noise in the data we exclude pairs with identical names and discard overly long sentences and patterns. They were also given instructions on completing the dual task. In particular  , the list of ISs and generic information about them  , such as their name  , a brief textual description of their content  , etc. We will compare our technique to standard similarity search on the inverted index in terms of quality  , storage  , and search efficiency. for a minimal functional language with string concatenation and pattern matching over strings 23. We consider detection of cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in PHP programs as the first application of our analyzer. In response  , there has been much research exploring the principles and technologies behind this functionality. The transfer function of a reference model was set up as follows. After issuing the search interface/engine with a query  , the component provides SimIIR with access to the SERP -a ranked list of snippets and associated documents. Candidate in a debate with other candidates. If we only consider changes to the author field values range between 1.5% like before and 13.9% Databases  , Information Theory . This method is for validating the efficacy of the most common similarity measure. The traversal of the suffix link to the sibling sub-tree and the subsequent search of the destination node's children require random accesses to memory over a large address space. 11shows the result for hill climbing using SBMPC  , which commanded the robot to back up and then accelerate to a velocity of 0.55 m/s at 1.5 s  , a velocity maintained until approximately 2.3 s  , the time at which the vehicle was positioned at the bottom of the hill. In our approach we made several important assumptions about the model of the environment. For instance  , votes on a five star rating may mean different things for different people. the jackknife standard errors indicated that a difference of this size was not large enough to be distinguishable from random fluctuations i.e. We extracted 128 and 101 query reformulation pairs from the search session logs of the 2011 and 2012 datasets excluding the current query of each session  , respectively. However  , using deep learning for temporal recommendation has not yet been extensively studied. In this section we describe the details of integrating Simulated Annealing and downhill Simplex method in the optimization framework to minimize the loss function associated directly to NDCG measure. When the search is carried out  , similarity matching of retrieved images is calculated using the extracted terms from the query image and the index list in the database. But MaxMiner uses a breadth-first approach to limit the number of passes over the database. In addition there are 9 lexicon lists including: LastNames  , FirstNames  , States  , Cities  , Countries  , JobTitles  , CompanyNameComponents  , Titles   , StreetNameComponents. 2 We propose hierarchical measures using intent hierarchies   , including Layer-Aware measures  , N-rec  , LD♯-measures  , LAD♯-measures  , and HD♯-measures. In the area of indexing and retrieval  , Bast et al. Our experiments of CLIR showed that the triple translation has a positive impact on the query translation  , and results in significant improvements of CLIR performance over the co-occurrence method. These expansion terms were also structured and assigned with a weight that was one third of the original term to avoid query drift. Regarding translation resources for CLIR  , we believe that two points are widely agreed upon:  resources are scarce and difficult to use; and  resources with greater lexical coverage are preferable. , UDInfoMINT. , to edit them. Database systems such as Microsoft SQL Server consider sorted correlation bindings and the expected number of times a query block is evaluated with the aim of efficiently caching the inner query results when duplicates are present and to appropriately estimate the cost of nested query blocks. We use NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 English-Chinese tasks for evaluation and consider both <title> and <desc> fields as queries. Planning is made through " examining " every Q values on the model which is learned by real experiences. Each NSWDbased similarity measure was tested with three disambiguation strategies: manual M  , count-based C  , or similarity-based S  , using two widely used knowledge graphs: Freebase and DBpedia. The models and procedures described here are part of the query optimization. The transfer function for the Fy model is: The transfer function for the Fx model is: This approach maintains the benefits of query expansion that were demonstrated through the original use of similarity thesauri for monolingual query expansion. Event expressions have the same expressive power as regular expressions. Since the space is exponential in the number of attributes   , heuristic search techniques can be used. where y ∈ {0  , 1} are the label of instance vector x; X denotes the any of U  , Q or A  , which corresponds to the type of instance x. a All strings occurring in root occur in node In this example  , the rule template gc-template we exhibit shall be a function from deltas t.o deltas  , such t ,hat if A is an arbitrary set of insertions and deletions on a database instance LIB  , then applygc ,templateA ,DB will be the result of garbage collection on applyA  , DB. More generally  , this research is motivated by the fact that  , relative to dictionaries and collection based strategies  , thesauri remain unexplored in the recent CLIR context. For many applications  , however  , trajectories are updated continuously . The above experiment demonstrates the effectiveness of using CLQS to suggest relevant queries for CLIR enhancement. Combming pre-and posttranslation expansion is most effective and improves precision and recall. Changing to the push model would likely require modifications to the notification mechanism. The following section shows that the standard transitive closure is one important example of a recursive query for which the running time of a sample is indeed a function of the sample size. Thus  , by saving the 3D edge identifiers in dlata points of a CP pattern  , correspondence between the model edges and the image edges can be obtained after matching. Upon completion of the recursive call  , the browser should be put back into the previous state. By introducing this join and adjusting the optimization level for the the DB2 query optimizer  , we could generate the correct plans. Notice that with the inner loop involving Step 4-7  , the moving step of the base point ,towards the minimum point increases very fast. The intention of the method is to trade time for space requirements. This query is a variant of the query used earlier to measure the performance of a sequence scan. B: number of blogs  , N : number of posts  , L: number of citations  , r: Pearson correlation coefficient between number of in-and out-links of nodes. In fact  , for some situations Figure 4 d to f  , DBSCAN and Single Link Agglomerative give slightly worse than random performance resulting in ARI values that are slightly below 0. If it has a function then it should fulfill it the best way possible and I do not think that humanlike appearance is feasible for all aims. " Finally  , the last section presents some conclusions and recom- mendations. Successors of a node are generated in a random manner until a successor is found that has a better heuristic value than the current configuration. We evaluated the bid phrase recommendations of our multilabel random forest classifier on a test set of 5 million ads. As shown in the figure  , our approach achieved high fitting accuracy. Similarly  , during the output phase queries requesting similar sort operations can share the sort's output values  , once they become available. After greedy testing fails  , we acquire a list of back-points. By carefully managing the layout of the suffix tree in disk blocks  , OASIS can be efficient even on large data sets. First  , we see that all image-based rerankers yield higher values of statMPC@10 than the search engines using text only. For example the template page can be parsed by the legacy wiki engine page parser and " any character sequence " blocks or more specific blocks like " any blank character "  can be inserted where appropriate. The basic action in such strategies is transformp  , which applies some transformation to a complete PT p. Only transformations that  , produce another complete PT in the same search space are applied. It yielded semantically accurate results and well-localized segmentation maps. In general  , the &-value rate of Qlearning is lowerFig.5  , and  , the number of steps to enter the goal for the first time by the greedy policy is also larger Table 1. After adding each predictor  , a likelihood test is conducted to check whether the new predictor has increased the model fitting 6. Therefore  , the unvisited POIs also contribute to learning the model  , while they are ignored in conventional MF. In section 4 we show that for common scenarios there is significant benefit to nevertheless search for the best cost minimal reformulation. While research in the nested algebra optimization is still in its infancy  , several results from relational algebra optimization 13 ,141 can be extended to nested relations. A combination of the downhill simplex method and simulated annealing 9 was used. When starting a search  , readers could select either a quick search  , an advanced search or a recommendation page as their point of departure. Distance Computation between regional embeddings After learning word embeddings for each word w ∈ V  , we then compute the distance Figure 2: Semantic field of theatre as captured by GEODIST method between the UK and US. Table 2also presents the results of query structure experiments. by human experts may not be consistent with actual queries used by users  , which may affect the search quality for the search engine. Thus  , our hybrid auctions are flexible enough to allow the auctioneer and the advertiser to implement complex dynamic programming strategies collaboratively  , under a wide range of scenarios. Query expansion methods augment the query with terms that are extracted from interests/context of the user so that more personally relevant results can be retrieved. By averaging the values of pixels having the same y-coordinate in the stripe region  , an array of 24 intensity values along the stripe region in the x direction is obtained. The resulting dynamical model is described by fewer equations in the u-space. The grep program searches one or more input files for lines containing a match to a specified pattern  , and prints out matching lines. Speaking of the allow-or-charge area  , the quantity scale defined in BMEcat is divided into the actual quantity scale and the functional discount that has to be applied  , too. All the techniques transform the tree into a rooted binary tree or binary composition rules before applying dynamic programming. These internal points are hidden within the polytope P and they do not contribute to manipulability information. 6 can be solved in On time through dynamic pro- gramming 5. , 5  , 2 and concurrent work on this topic 6. There must  , however  , be a very efficient inner loop which is executed a number of times proportional to the signature file size. The online check-ins contain abundant information of users' physical movements in daily lives  , e.g. In particular  , we propose a sentencesignature based mechanism for mapping from the sentence domain to a multi-dimensional space such that word-overlap searches can be re-posed as range searches in this space. , prompt: Can you say more about that ?. Model-based control schemes may employ a kinematic as well as dynamic model of the robotic mechanism. So we can do sort merge join directly on the coded join columns  , without decoding them first. However automatic pattern extraction can introduce errors and syntactic dependency matching can lead to incorrect answers too. None of these tools are integrated with an interactive development environment  , nor do they provide scaffolding for transformation construction. Nonetheless  , POS tags alone cannot produce high-quality results. Instead of using space partitioning  , it relies on a new method called localitysensitive hashing LSH. The mutation enables the exploration of solutions within the same product  , while the crossover operation enables to switch to another product an further explore it with subsequent random mutations. Experimental results show that high-quality representation of review content and complete aspect ratings play important roles in improving prediction accuracy. The result of the synonym expansion would be added to the former result of query expansion by other means. If a term occurs more than once  , it is given a value of one for the binary indecendence model. By using this representation  , the robot is shrunk to a point with its position being represented by its end effector and the obstacles are represented as forbidden regions in the work space. The queries we did find in the query logs are real  , provide a diversity of topics  , are highly relevant and fall within the common subset of query types supported by the majority of semantic search engines. Unfortunately  , many Web users are still unaware of these high quality vertical search resources. The results are beyond our expectations: the learned lexical mapping did not help for all the three ranking methods CS  , QL and KL. 13  , we can from the above equation estimate the time period needed to reach the critical point C Fig. Figure 1 depicts the investigated scenario. Therefore  , some care is needed when adding groupings to order optimization  , as a slowdown of plan generation would be unacceptable . In addition  , search cost is not proportional to dissimilarity . Let's say we are deciding between the heuristic recommender and the aspect model for implicit rating prediction. There is a certain advantage to the use of such an entropy-based skill learning method. Christensen et al. As optimizers based on bottom-up Zou97  , HK+97  , JMP97 and top-down Ce96  , Gra96 search strategies are both extensible Lo88  , Gra95 and in addition the most frequently used in commercial DBMSs  , we have concentrated our research on the suitability of these two techniques for parallel query optimization. The modifications to the operator dependency graphs required to support the sort-merge join method can be found in SCHN89b. Using these sets of expansion terms  , Magennis and Van Rijsbergen simulated a user selecting expansion terms over four iterations of query expansion. One can design a positioning compensator to develop a tracklng system such that the closed-loop system IS always robust to the bounded uncertalnties In the open loop dynamlcs of the robot. function for pseudo-elements; in practice it might be more advantageous to implement it iteratively as a special case. , γ j . Moreover  , here occurs the question of the evaluation of optimality of the "solution". To verify that the sentiment information captured by the S-PLSA model plays an important role in box office revenue prediction  , we compare ARSA with two alternative methods which do not take sentiment information into consideration. On a basic level  , this is often approached by mapping discrete material properties  , e.g. The language allows grouping of query conditions that refer to the same entity. Then  , the signal is classified as voice or unvoice using a Support Vector Machine classifier. looking for the synonyms of the query words. The results obtained using the remaining methods are presented in Table 2. b correspond to the Rode diagrams o f the transfer function Qa/ViVi: input voltage to the PWM amplifier for the open loop system without. Carnevali  , et al. S! " The difference between CCA and PLS is that CCA utilizes cosine as the similarity function while PLS learns dot product. More specifically  , each learning iteration has the following structure: Let us elaborate on some of the steps. In particular  , by training a neural language model 8  on millions of Wikipedia documents  , the authors first construct a semantic space where semantically close words are mapped to similar vector representations. Basically  , DBSCAN is based on notion of density reachability. In case of similarity search  , the user can search by choosing a picture among those randomly proposed by the system. We c m directly transfer the calibrated joints value measured by the CyberGlove@ to the robot hand. For example  , a user can search formulae that have two to four C  , four to ten H  , and may have a substructure of CH2  , using a conjunctive search of a full frequency search C2-4H4-10 and a substructure search of CH2. Two runs were made. The general architecture of our model-based a p proach to source separation is outlined in Figure 1. We discretize each parameter in 5 settings in the range 0  , 1 and choose the best-performer configuration according to a grid search. Support Vector Machine is well known for its generalization performance and ability in handling high dimension data. the answer we are generating is still optimum  , thus  , it preserves the monotonicity. The mapping from A-space to C-space is the well-known Fresnel Integrals which are also the equations of dead reckoning in navigation. While videogames represent an important part of our cultural and economic landscape  , deep theory development in the field of Game Studies  , particularly theory related to creativity  , is lacking. ,  ,nn and outputs yl  , .. ,yp. We used pattern matching to extract and normalize this information. Yet  , there is little work on evaluating and optimising analytical queries on RDF data 4 ,5 . As an alternative or auxiliary to directly aligning between standards and curricular resources on the one hand  , and trying to infer relevance from the structural and semantic similarity of standards across standard sets on the other  , the feasibility of standard crosswalking – that is  , inferring alignment in one set of standards based on alignments in another – has been explored; e.g. In section 6 experimental results are reported and in section 7 a conclusion is given. Consider an optimization problem with These methods follow a very similar pattern: the query 28 or the target document set 3 is automatically translated and search is then performed using standard monolingual search. In order for dead reckoning to be useful for mobile robots in real-world environments  , some means is necessary for correcting the position errors that accumulate over time. The provided navigational queries were submitted to the search site the same way they would be submitted in a realistic search scenario  , i.e. Another area we concentrated on was query expansion . For example  , consider the case where all the transfer function matrices in 10 are diagonal. These constraints are used to guide the correspondence towards the most probable scanline match using a dynamic programming scheme 8. They found a 55% loss in average precision in queries translated word-by-word compared to the original queries. Furthermore  , the XSLT function library  , which is part of SCX  , allows for convenient navigation of the relationships between schema component  , for example traversal of the type hierarchy. In this section  , we present the least information theory LIT to quantify meaning semantics in probability distribution changes. Such normalization does not always make sense for binary and integer features  , and it also removes the nonnegativity of our feature representation that offers intuitive interpretation of them. Thus  , query expansion technique to expand the base query was not very helpful. Sometimes such expressions are written identically in different languages and no translation is needed. Due to the absence of the training corpus  , the tuning of all parameters was performed on the testing data using a brute-force hill-climbing approach. where µ is a discount factor that defines how trustworthy the new observations are. In the aforementioned methods it is assumed that the dataset is embedded into a higher-dimensional space by some smooth mapping. This is effectively done in the same cycle that the search is conducted. Further implicit query expansion is achieved by inference rules  , and exploiting class hierarchies. H I Z is the transfer function between velocity at motor d  , and velocity at the end-effector V when the motor is free T  , = 0. Although a kinematic model gives a good description of the camera's movement for general applications  , it is useful to consider the unstabilized components in motion due to the change of operating conditions  , external disturbances  , etc. Vectors with three components are completed with zero values. When a non-square matrix A is learned for dimensionality reduction   , the resulting problem is non-convex  , stochastic gradient descent and conjugate gradient descent are often used to solve the problem. result abstracts at lower ranks. We take mean field annealing approach MFA  , which is a deterministic approach and requires much less computational complexity than simulated annealing  , to locate the constrained global optimal solution. This model belongs to the " learning to rank " category 8 which learns the preference or relevance function by assigning a real valued score to a feature vector describing a query  , object pair. We maintained a vocabulary of 177 ,044 phrases by choosing those with more than 2 occurrences. Intent is identified in search result snippets  , and click-through data  , over a number of latent topic models. However  , in OCR  , character : was often read as i or z. Luckily  , being a specialized domain with rigid conventions for writing   , e.g. However  , when the dimensionality of feature space is too high  , traditional similarity search may fail to work efficiently 46. They did not diversify the ranking of blog posts. The results of PRMS are significantly worse compared to MLM in our settings  , which indicates that the performance of this model degrades in case of a large number of fields in entity descriptions. After estimating model parameters   , we have to determine the best fitting model from a set of candidate models. However  , this method -be it symbolic or numerical -is attractive because of the direct mapping from the workspace to joint space  , fixing most of the aforementioned problems of the resolved motion method. This idea that combines attractively with the observer-based SPR design used here. The expression E is then evaluated to determine whether or not a data flow anomaly exists. We then present a constructive argument to show that only On projection sets need be considered to obtain the diameter function. A number of experiments were carried out aiming at reinforcing our understanding of query formulation  , search and post-hoc ranking for question answering. Topic modelling approaches can be used by scholars to capture the topics discussed in various corpora  , including news articles  , books 5 and tweets 4  , 15. The results are presented in Table 2and show that the window size does have an effect on the role composition. Topic modeling approaches employing PLSA have also been used to extract latent themes within a set of articles5   , however this approach is heavyweight and may incorrectly cluster important terms causing them to be missed. Space does not permit entire rules templates are shown or the inclusion of the entire mapping rule set  , but this is not needed to show how the homomorphism constrains the rules. To our best knowledge  , we are among the first to adopt visual saliency information in predicting search examination behavior. These weights are then used to re-rank documents in the list R. We utilize the proximity of query terms and expansion terms inside query document DQ to assign importance weights to the explicit expansion concepts. We introduced a novel way to learn term translation probabilities from the top scoring " readings " of alternative query translations  , as generated by the decoder. Similarity measures that are based on co-occurrence in search sessions 24  , 12  , on co-clicks 2  , 10   , or on user search behavioral models 6  , 18  , 9  , 21  , are not universally applicable to all query pairs due to their low coverage of queries  , as long tail queries are rare in the query log. For example  , to apply RDBMS for merging XML fragments  , we may need to sort the keys at higher levels of XML fragments first  , merge the XML fragments based on the higher-level keys  , and then sort the lower-level keys for each common higher-level key. Each topic has three versions  , Arabic  , English and French. If only few tuples match the join condition  , a Sort/Merge Join will need fewer disk accesses and will be faster. Querying: To provide the queries that will be issued during simulated search sessions  , we needed to generate a number of queries per topic. One of our merits is that we consider comprehensive factors including linguistic   , statistical  , and CLIR aspects to predict T . 6 and Tan 7  studied an application of singleagent Q-learning to multiagent tasks without taking into account the opponents' strategies. Different from conventional action classification 4  , 1  , several approaches exist in the literature that focus on activity prediction  , i.e. Our contributions are as follows: We pose bid phrase recommendation as a multi-label learning problem with ten million labels. Their analyzer approximates the value of a string expression in a Java program with a regular language instead of a context-free language. , 18  , 21. This query can then be relaxed by breaking it down into tokens. Sheridan differentiates between two types: those which use a time series extrapolation for prediction  , and those which do system modeling also including the multidimensional control input2. However  , in terms of representing research communities  , all four topics have their limitations. POP detects this during runtime  , as the validity range for a specific part of a query plan is violated  , and triggers re-optimization. 7  , to the query aspects. A business model for search engines in sponsored search has been discussed by B. Jansen in 17. TBSL 19 uses so called BOA patterns as well as string similarities to fill the missing URIs in query templates and bridge the lexical gap. As an alternative  , we also explored three ways of incorporating translation probabilities directly into the formulae: 1. Its nodes are obtained by performing step motions from states already in the graph. As shown in Figure 1I  , to make sure that every participant was familiar with the experiment procedure  , an example task was used for demonstration in the Pre-experiment Training stage I.1. The database buffer was set to 500 blocks with a database block size of 4 kbytes which resulted in an average buffer hit ratio of 98.5%. Simulation results indicate that the new selected outputs can guarantee the passivity of the flexible link. Bing search engine. For the Cross-Lingual Arabic Information retrieval  , our automatic effort concentrated on the two categories; English-Arabic Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR and monolingual information retrieval. It is evident that the result of a general OPAC query involves the solution of an optimization problem involving a potentially complex aggregation constraint on relation   , the nature of the aggregation constraint  , and the optimization objective  , different instances of the OPAC query problem arise. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. Results for such queries are shown in column TLC-O for the second group of queries q1-q2. Given that our system is trained off this data  , we believe we can drastically improve the performance of our system by identifying the blog posts have been effectively tagged  , meaning that the tags associated with the post are likely to be considered relevant by other users. In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. As described in 15  , GenProg needs to implement two key ingredients before the application of genetic programming: 1 the representation of the solution and 2 the definition of the fitness function. It is shown that if the tip-position is chosen as the output  , and the joint-torque is chosen as the input  , then the transfer function of the system is non-minimum phase. These properties may be written in a number of different specification formalisms  , such as temporal logics  , graphical finite-state machines  , or regular expression notations  , depending on the finite-state verification system that is being employed. Kitchenham 9/0/0 8/1/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 Maxwell 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 Nasa93 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 In addition  , the results in Tables 8 and 9 are also consistent with results in Tables 2 and 4  , that is  , our imputation approach outperforms other imputation methods on specific estimators. For more through treatment  , see 7. Query mix -Each index structure was tested in a " normal " update environment by performing a mix of inserts  , searches  , and deletes. Based on this  , free space for driving can be computed using dynamic programming. However  , the methodological exploration limits them from being widely applicable to high-dimensional planning. A comparison to these results is neceamry   , even more sinc8~hi- erarchical fmture maps are built up from a number of insb pendent self-organizing maps. It is not suitable to use pattern matching method to recognize the micro injector because of the low efficiency and poor accuracy. The stability of the system can be investigated using the Routh-Hurwitz scheme. This study has also been motivated by recent results on flexible buffer allocation NFSSl  , FNSSl. Real Presenter does provide an integrated table of contents for each presentation so viewers can jump ahead to a particular slide but it doesn't provide keyword or text searches across multiple presentations. As we will show in our experiments  , it is worth using this additional space-overhead  , since it significantly improves the performance of XML twig pattern matching. RQ4: Do the modified text similarity functions improve the ranking performance  , when compared with the original similarity function in 28 ? Many classical visualization techniques are based on dimensionality reduction  , i.e. 1 . Since BLAST-like servers know nothing about textual annotations  , one cannot search for similarity AND annotation efficiently. In this paper  , we will discuss a technique which represents documents in terms of conceptual word-chains  , a method which admits both high quality similarity search and indexing techniques. For text categorization  , 90% of the data were randomly selected as the training set while the other 10% were used for testing. We adopt a two-phase approach HS91 to parallel query optimization: JOQR followed by parallelization. We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques  , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . However  , when these PLSA based methods modeling the user  , they did not pay attention to the user's dual roles and their distinctions . However  , this approach ends up being very inefficient due to the implementation of preg_match in PHP. The conventional approach to query optimization is to pick a single efficient plan for a query  , based on statistical properties of the data along with other factors such as system conditions. Further  , the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. We represent these more compactly by mapping regions from the original space to descriptor nodes that record the object count for these regions. The first result involves characterizing transfer functions of polygonal parts and states that for every step function f   , each step having a fixed point4 strictly in its interior  , there corresponds a polygonal part PJ having f as its transfer function and vice versa. Darwish later extended Kwok's formulation to handle the case in which translation probabilities are available by weighting the TF and DF computations  , an approach he called probabilistic structured queries PSQ 4 The use of Bing's special search operators was not evaluated at all. The second most matched rule is another regular expression that resulted in another 11% of the rule matches. The currency results from Geographical Pricing. This suggests that a generally more reliable group is more likely to be reliable on a particular object. One for the flight vehicle information such as predicted pose and velocity provided by the INS  , RPM data and air speed data  , while the other bus handles the DDF information. We alternatively execute Stage I and Stage II until the parameters converge. Despite the fact that most of the evaluation in this paper used proprietary data  , the framework should be able to generalize to other data sources without much additional effort as shown in Section 9 using a small public data set. He concluded that cluster-based selection could not improve upon greedy ranking-based selection  , but a second approach that integrated relevance and redundancy into a single score in a way similar to mRmR 8 did so. The search for product names starts with the generation of a set of candidate phrases. A transfer function converts the handlebar deviation to an actual steering angle. PD-Live does a breadth-first search from the document a user is currently looking at to select a candidate set of documents. For example  , the question string " Where is the Hudson River located ? " Nevertheless  , some queries require data materialization and/or blocking. From arbitrary simple XPath expressions e1 and e2  , we can construct an XPath expression e1 ∩ e2 such that for all documents d  , e1d ∩ e2d = e1 ∩ e2d. Furthermore  , resources aggregated in a collection can be found more easily than if they were disjoint. This parameter selection approach can be viewed as a function minimizing method  , where the input of the objective function is the parameter of the underlying learner and the value of the function is the aggregated error of the underlying method on a fixed optimization set. In addition  , we are not aware of prior work that directly applies it to a large set of standard LTR features   , specifically using similarity between word embedding vectors for lexical semantics compared to the well studied translation models for this usage. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and definition pattern matching. In CLIR  , PRF can be used prior or post translation or both for pre/post-translation query expansion see  , 16. The variational EM maximizes the lower bound of the log likelihood with respect to the variational parameters  , and then for fixed values of the variational parameters  , maximizes the lower bound with respect to the model parameters. These search tasks were obtained from the TREC tracks  , and their search task categories were determined based on the search task's objective  , complexity and difficulty; Table 1describes the search tasks in detail. The Forest Cover Type problem considered in Figure 9is a particularly challenging dataset because of its size both in terms of the number of the instances and the number of attributes. We make the hypothesis that two or more of these situations cannot overlap e.g. This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. The results obtained from a search driven by the above test for a stack are summarized in the first row of The second row of the table shows how many functionally equivalent components are returned when a more elaborate test is used to drive the search. Contextual search refers to a search metaphor that is based on contextual search queries. In the literature " approximate string matching " also refers to the problem of finding a pattern string approximately in a text. The selection of which method to use may depend on the implementation hardware as each provides similar statistical performance. Still another method that would be worth studying is data fusion; different translation methods produce different result lists. For inference 17 use Variational EM. Such hash-based methods for fast similarity search can be considered as a means for embedding high-dimensional feature vectors to a low-dimensional Hamming space the set of all 2 l binary strings of length l  , while retaining as much as possible the semantic similarity structure of data. With these heuristics we aim for an accurate regular expression that is also simple and easy to understand. It should be noted that the key contribution of this work is more about extracting the important features and understanding the domain by providing novel insights  , but not necessarily about building a new predictive modeling algo- rithm. The random relative access rate tells which fraction of clicks will be made on links with a specific property if the user selects links in the search results list randomly. Table 1 gives the results for both cw and mw term weightings for the SDR'99 data set. In the above proof since the function superCon is recursive  , we need to perform the induction on the variable k. The PVS command induct invokes an inductive proof. Also  , our approach to target detection can be naturally applied to many real-world problems such as word sense disambiguations as well as semantic query suggestion with Wikipedia. For the refinement step  , we apply a greedy hill climbing procedure explained in Sec. The need of CLIR systems in today's world is obvious. pzj|d  , where Rt is the set of reviews available at time t and pzj|d is computed based on S-PLSA + . Ct In this paper   , we describe a query parser between ASR and Search. Such systems tend to produce high but fixed information quality levels  , but at a high cost also fixed. The learning rate is also fasterFig.4. Thus  , a good CBIR method should consider low-level features as well as intrinsic structure of the data. Therefore  , it is recommended to provide similarity search techniques that use generalized distance functions. , search on Yahoo ! We found this approach useful for spotting working code examples. Pearson and Kendall-τ correlation are used to measure the correlation of a query subset vectorˆMΦvectorˆ vectorˆMΦ  , and corresponding vector M   , calculated using the full set of 249 queries. 2g  , 3g  , … 7g: character n-grams 2-7 gram. This work attempts to combine these approaches thus exploiting both the strong economical background used by game theory to model the relations that define competitive actions  , as well as sophisticated data mining models to extract knowledge from the data companies accumulate. That is  , we assume individuals have attrition rates that are randomly drawn from this estimated population distribution  , and define the probability of observing a completed chain ω of length Lω to be To address this possibility of over-fitting  , we consider a second heterogeneous attrition model  , in which attrition probabilities Ri are randomly generated from the distribution of estimated attrition rates shown in Figure 1. for each distinct value combination of all the possible run-time parameters. The weighted version RW weights the semantic clusters based on the aggregate relevance levels of the tweets included in each cluster. Our setup replicates the experiments in 27 to allow for comparing to their model. In the second step  , COR computes the accurate visibilities for objects   , as well as the tightest visibility upper bounds for IR-tree nodes. In this paper we propose the use of learned re-ranking schemes to improve performance of a lazy graph walk. The transfer function relating the contact force to the commanded force F  , and the environment position X  , is: Note that the elements of the second row of the mapping matrix are calculated as zero. In many cases  , this mapping is obvious a resource named " User " in the application   , for example  , almost always represents RBAC users  , but in general it is not possible to infer the mapping directly. Fourth  , we have launched a Master's project to investigate recovery of pattern-based design components with full-text  , pattern-matching techniques. The gradient has a similar form as that of J1 except for an additional marginalization over y h . Moreover   , there is no significant correlation between B and the number of relevant documents Pearson r = 0.059. Most of the existing works rely on search engine server logs to suggest relevant queries to user inputs. Our search guide tool displays the search trails from three users who completed the same task. While there might be many high-similarity flexible matches for both the company name e.g. Therefore  , the recursive method for the stabilization of-the sys­ tem 1 can be given based on either the Krasovskii functional or the Razumikhin function. because it is com- Differentiating tlie where D denotes the differential operator. First  , it is well suited to our domain  , in that it proposes a simple voting scheme  , where users express their opinions about a common good i.e. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios   , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought 5. Hence  , the proposed dynamic programming model can be transferred to different dynamic sensor selection problems without major changes. There are many longer and less frequent motifs in the components  , which makes components like 5 and 9 quite surprising. , overfitting and can hardly generalize to unseen documents. Otherwise  , the resulting plans may yield erroneous results. Meng et al. Access rights may be granted and revoked on views just as though they were ordinary tables. For each interface modeled we created a storyboard that contained the frames  , widgets  , and transitions required to do all the tasks  , and then demonstrated the tasks on the storyboard. In future work  , we will explore how the Word Embedding training parameters affect the coherence evaluation task. Obviously  , this type of distortion can also be applied to the ellipsoidal model of Chavarria Garza. Once the frequency responses of the impedance felt by the operator and the stiffness of the environment had been determined  , the magnitude of the frequency response of the transparency transfer function was calculated by taking the ratio of the magnitude of the impedance felt by the operator to the magnitude of the environment stiffness at each particular frequency using the equation: This approach to frequency-based stiffness identification was implemented through the Spectrum function in MATLAB The Mathworks  , Inc. The format of OM regex is consistent with other lexicons in that each entry is composed of a regular expression and associated polarity and strength. As we are interested in analyzing very large corpora and the behavior of the various similarity measures in the limit as the collections being searched grow infinitely large  , we consider the situation in which so many relevant documents are available to a search engine for any given query q that the set of n top-ranked documents Rq are all -indistinguishable. In this contribution we present the " Parameterized Self- Organizing Map " PSOM approach  , which is particularly useful in situation where a high-dimensional  , continuous mapping is desired. The open angle bracket < is used as a special escape character  , hence we make sure that it Figure 1: System Overview does not appear in the source text  , which is either a question or a passage. The user  , however  , is free to come up with regular expression rules to mark up a description to any detailed level. For forward selection  , the generation of candidate alternatives to a current model relies on the addition of edges  , because graphical models are completely defined by their edges or two-factor terms. By a depth-first search of the set enumeration tree of transitive reductions of partial orders  , Frecpo will not miss any frequent partial order. Some question type has up to 500 patterns. YUV values of the object are calculated  , values of the pressure sensors at the gripper  , and width of the gripper hereinafter  , these pressure and width data are combined and called " hand data "  are integrated using Kohonen maps in this experiment. The context o f a search activation is that information which is dependent on the past and present history of the search. We have thus decided to combine navigational probing with FSMs and present a new method SINGLEDFA for this category. Therefore  , the selective query expansion mechanism provides a better early precision. PLSA was originally used in text context for information retrieval and now has been used in web data mining 5. In 3   , a learning strategy is used for determining similarity between records. Since the size of Google's search space is unknown  , we cannot jump to the conclusion that our system outperforms Google's spelling suggestion system. In all the cases  , we compare the queries generated by D2R Server with –fast enabled with the queries generated by Morph with subquery and self-join elimination enabled. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the soft cardinalitybased semantic similarity where the expert coreness annotations were used as training data. In this paper  , we propose a novel technique by learning distinct hamming space so as to well preserve the flexible and discriminative local structure of each modality. When further integrating transfer learning to deep learning  , DL+TT  , DL+BT and DL+FT achieve better performance than the DL approach. a Latent subspace learning between textual query and visual image: click-through-based cross-view learning by simultaneously minimizing the distance between the query and image mappings in the latent subspace weighted by their clicks and preserving the inherent structure in each original feature space. Clearly  , sponsored search is useful for search engines since it is a source of revenue for them. To the best of our knowledge  , no research has yet adequately addressed the problem of learning a global attribute schema from the Web for entities of a given entity type. For both the image data set and the audio data set  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables by a factor of 14 to 18. Specifically  , the undamped transfer function from By the Passivity theorem  , a P D controller will guarantee stability if the robot is undamped. It is no surprise that the speedup of PRIX over due to the use of a full index  , ToXinSca dups depe the query. The optimization is implemented with MATLAB  , where the procedure is initialized with random start values within search spaces  , and a total of 20 independent runs are carried out on a personal computer. For building accurate models  , ignoring instances with missing values leads to inferior model performance 7  , while acquiring complete information for all instances often is prohibitively expensive or unnecessary. The results and evaluations are reported in Section 5. sort-merge 8  , 9  , 10  , the spatial indexing 12   , and the sequential index- ing 5  , 13. Fig.1illustrates the unified entity search framework based on the proposed integral multi-level graph. However  , the complexity of DBSCAN is OMogN. It corresponds to the cosine of deviations from the mean: The first one proposed in 2 is pearson correlation. This challenge can be addressed in various ways: i a scalable vector tuning and updating for new comments  , ii inferring low-dimentional vector for new comments using gradient descent using the parameters  , the word vectors and the softmax weights from the trained model  , and iii approximating the new vector by estimating the distance of the new comment to the previous comments using the words and their representations. Even for a small distance between top and bottom levels of the search window  , the number of markings will grow exponentially as the window advances. The selected terms contained no original query term. Results for this example system have sliowii that  , practically speaking  , a n y class of desired hacking trajectory t.hat. To keep the merges as fast as those of the baseline fullmerge   , we also do not maintain the set of top-k items as we merge  , and not even the min-k score. They conclude that translation could help patent retrieval  , but not always. As Rapoport 1953 put it  , it is about technical problems that can be treated independently of the semantic content of messages 25. Such a study will help identify good candidate pivot languages. Input vectors composed of range-to-obstacle indicators' readouts and direction-to-goal indicator readouts are partitioned into one of predefined perceptual situation classes. Fig.4shows the situation of eye movement detection. For all environments  , the initial holonomic path is computed using a dynamic programming planner. During the online stage  , the largest category of user elicitation related to search terminology 28% and secondly to search procedures 21%. The two additional matrices store the alignment scores associated with insertion gaps and deletion gaps respectively. In the following discussion  , we design an observer for 2 which is x-axis element of n o m 8  , the transfer function from Xd to z can be Results show that it can reduce the feature set and the index size tremendously. For memory-based methods such as Pearson correlation or personality diagnosis PD  , sparse FA is much faster per recommendation 50 times typical. We empirically show the benefits of plan refinement and the low overhead it adds to the cost of SELECT c custkey  , COUNT * FROM Customer  , Supplier WHERE c nationkey = s nationkey GROUPBY c custkey Figure 1: A Simple Example Query query optimization Section 5. where x and y are the 100 reciprocal performance scores of manual evaluation and automatic evaluation  , respectively. in the context of identifying nearduplicate web pages 4. This complexity arises from three main sources. The patterns are described in Table 2. In practice  , sufficient transparency would be such that the magnitude of the transparency transfer function Gt = CIC2 and the phase is zero within a bandwidth larger than the sensory and motor bandwidth of the operator. The current implementation of the VDL Generator has been equipped with a search strategy adopting the dynamic programming with a bottom-up approach. This was followed by factoring classes out  , with an average reduction by 33.4%  , and finally dead-markup removal with an average reduction by 12.2%. We then continue with the depth first search of the tree until complete. The fully connected hidden layer is and a softmax add about 40k parameters. Recent work has addressed this drawback by relying on active learning  , which was shown in 15 to reduce the amount of labeled data needed for learning link specifications. Then any multi-dimensional indexing method can be used to organize  , cluster and efficiently search the resulting points. The web page  , noticing that it does not have a session secret  , opens up an invisible IFRAME with the SSL URL https://example.com/login/ recover. whereas a reference to a book may be represented author  , author  ,  * : " title "   , publisher  , year. For a kinematically redundant system  , the mapping between task-space trajectory and the join-space trajectory is not unique. But when thinking further  , it is not difficult to explain the result as KLSH-best only explores a single kernel  , while KLSH-Uniform jointly exploits multiple kernels . Therefore  , concolic testing is unlikely to reveal the ERROR in testme in a reasonable amount of time. The resulting point cloud is a smooth continuous surface with all outliers removed. Effectiveness of query removal for IR. The improvements increased with the sparseness of the dataset  , as expected because sparse FA correctly handles sparseness. Graefe and Ward 15 focused on determining when re-optimizing a given query that is issued repeatedly is necessary. Table entries are set according to the scoring model of the search engine; thus  , At ,d is the score of document d for term t. The language of non-recursive first-order logic formulas has a direct mapping to SQL and relational algebra  , which can be used as well for the purposes of our discussion  , e.g. However  , because it can only handle one dimensional data  , it is not suitable for multi-dimensional similarity search. Stream slot filling is done by pattern matching documents with manually produced patterns for slots of interest. , reading one track at a time. To quantify the correlation with established query level metrics  , we computed the Pearson correlation coefficient between DSAT correlation and: i average clickthrough rate  , ii average NDCG@1  , and iii average NDCG@3. , one that is more efficient and/or allows more more leeway during Plan Optimization . Figure 8 : Compare the F 1 score higher is better when using different groups of features. In addition  , word co-occurrence statistics in the target language has been leveraged for translation disambiguation 3  , 10  , 11  , 19. If the grid is coarse  , dynamic programming works reasonably quickly. We may present the data as a set of latent variables  , and these latent variables can be described either as lists of representative attributes here  , motifs or as lists of representative observations here  , upstream regions. An efficient implementation can use a data structure like the tree shown in Figure 1to store the counters  Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . Therefore  , when translating these queries  , we use example-based method that may generate accurate translations. The most closely related branches of work to ours are 1 those that aim to mine and summarize opinions and facets from documents especially from review corpora  , and 2 those that study Q/A systems in general. forest-fire with random seeds seem to perform well for themes that are of global importance  , such as 'Social Issues' that subsumes topics like '#BeatCancer'  , 'Swine Flu'  , '#Stoptheviolence' and 'Unemployment'. The Melbourne team was a collaboration of the University of Melbourne  , RMIT University   , and the Victorian Society for Computers and the Law. Traditional search engines  , such as Google  , do not perform any semantic integration but offer a basic keyword search service over a multitude of web data sources. The second part of the table shows the slowdown of the tests generated by basic random compared to the tests generated by BALLERINA  , when run on the same number of cores. On the other hand  , optimizing a query into a single plan at compilation time may result in a substantially suboptimal plan if the actual parameter values are different from those assumed at optimization time GW89. The two functions will be used to evaluate both our GPbased approach and the baseline method in our experiments. Moreover   , different reformulations can capture different aspects of background information; their resulting ranked lists are further merged by a novel formula  , in which we consider the relatedness between the reformulated queries with context and the original one. System R also uses a bottomup enumerator and interleaves costing  , but does not prune the logical space as aggressively as greedy search techniques  , and augments the search with dynamic programming. It may therefore seem more appropriate and direct to use document-document similarity for iterative search. We study the performance of different data fusion techniques for combining search results. For instance  , if the user stems from London  , reads " The Times " and is a passionate folk-dancer  , this might make the alternative segmentation times " square dance " preferable. Further advances in compositional techniques 26  , pruning redundant paths 7  , and heuristics search 9 ,40 are needed. We now get to our main result  , which is split into two parts  , corresponding to the exact matching and soft matching settings. To assess the efficiency and effectiveness of our technique  , we employed SEMFIX tool to repair seeded defects as well as real defects in an open source software. The matching score is calculated according to how well the semantic features are matched. 111 assessed query expansion using the UMLS Metathesaurus. There was some concern over the test collection built in the TREC 2001 CLIR track in that the judgment pools were not as complete as they ideally would be. However  , the extracted topics in this way would generally not be well-aligned to the expert review. Then  , the method Proceedings of the 17th International Conference on Very Large Data Bases acceptAction uses Prob  , which is a boolean function that returns true with a probability that depends on temp and the costs of the compared states  , usually e ~~s'~cost~s~cost~~temP. Our empirical results with the real-world click-through data collected from a commercial search engine show that our proposed model can model the evolution of query terms similarity accurately . The controller design is carried out with the aid of the root-locus method. HaskellDB is also similar to the language extensions mentioned above and therefore lacks support for dynamic SQL statements. Rather than seeking to map multilingual query terms  , Wang 50 studies the use of a web-based term translation approach to find translations for unknown cross-language queries in digital libraries. In each case the coefficient is equivalent to the log-odds logp/1-p of correctness conditioned on the overlap feature assuming a given value. So MinP ts must be large enough to distinguish noise and clusters. This involves redefining how labels are matched in the evaluation of an expression . Furthermore we assume that the Pearson correlation between the different measurement dimensions y i and y j is equal to ρ for all i  , j. The similarity is computed based on the ratings the items receive from users and measures such as Pearson correlation or vector similarity are used. We first fit the general model by fitting it to the general distribution of the minutes between a retweet and the original tweet. Even for synthetic data  , for which the relevant subset of dimensions is known ,only a subset of the relevant dimensions was found. TaMe 5tabulates results as we vary the number of terms t used for query expansion. Research related to this game has explored both the physical demands 9 and the strategic demands 10. Substantial research on object-oriented query optimization has focused on the design and use of path indexes  , e.g. The MSN Search crawler discovers new pages using a roughly breadth-first exploration policy  , and uses various importance estimates to schedule recrawling of already-discovered pages. Information theory deals with assessing and defining the amount of information in a message 32 . By using feature-level correlation of a query rather than exact words and its corresponding representations  , the proposed approach provides a new perspective to model intentions   , which differentiates itself from previous text classification tasks in essence. The research question is: pattern. This research has been co-financed by the European Union European Social Fund ESF and Greek national funds through the Operational Program " Education and Lifelong Learning " of the National Strategic Reference Framework NSRF -Research Funding Program: Heracleitus II. These feature vectors are used as input to train a standard self-organizing map. Horizon fitting selects a horizon of training data from the stream that corresponds to a variablelength window of the most recent contiguous data chunks. , we do not consider conditions on other attributes. However  , it suits best for documents that are not product-like in nature. Takeda  , Facchinetti and Latombe 1994 13 introduce sensory uncertainty fields SUF. Expanding phrase B with phrases A and C based on the traditional inverted index structure requires locating the three separate posting lists through random access followed by two merge operations. The definition of modules which themselves contain other modules is a useful construct m traditional programming languages and seems appropriate here. Another future line of research will be performing human part segmentation in videos while exploiting the temporal context. As our model fitting procedure is greedy  , it can get trapped into local maxima. Then we sort the set of average intensities in ascending order and a rank is assigned to each block. There are several reasons for wanting to restrict the design of a query tree. Scaling up this approach to manage change in large systems written in complex programming languages is still an open research problem. Differences in the selection of search strategies Comparison of the interseascher concept-consistency mean values and the number of search concepts per search request showed a strong and also statistically highly significant negative correlation rs = -0.893; p = 0 ,0001  , see Table 2between them  , The searchers who selected more search concepts per search request achieved lower conceptconsistency mean values than other searchers. This is importmt in a CLIR environment. 9shows the concept ofthe inverse transfer function compensation. The remaining data are fed to a random forest classifier 4. Thirdly  , the vertical format is more versatile in supporting various search strategies  , including breadth-first  , depth-first or some other  , hybrid search. While ATLAS performs sophisticated local query optimization   , it does not attempt to perform major changes in the overall execution plan  , which therefore remains under programmer's control. 1 Suppose the following conditions hold for the example: Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. Since we predict cascade statistics  , our work also relates to research on fitting empirical data to parsimonious statistical models 1  , 5 . Recent w ork has also shown that the beneets of PLSA extend beyond document indexing and that a similar approach can be utilized  , e.g. Moreover  , a fixed point for each motion primitive By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. Nir Ailon 1 proposed a formal pairwise method based on QuickSort which can reduce the number of preference judgments from On 2  to On log n. search /admin/../ Website's control panel that allows to publish  , edit or delete announcements. Function Slice for i ← 1 to n do HandleEvent collects all intermediate trace slices corresponding to θ's subinstances . 4 Technically  , this model is called the hierarchical logit 32 and is slightly more general than the nested logit model derived from utility maximization. Finally  , we rank the suggestions based on their similarity with user's profiles. Since rotating the gripper is equivalent to rotating the part  , the transfer function is defined in terms of the part's orientation with respect to the gripper . We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space  , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. 5  , in our proposed ranking framework  , the relevance between a document and a query can be delegated to the problem of evaluating the topical likelihood given a document ptj|d or a query ptj|q  , which relies on the topic model defined in Definition 3. We  , observe that the learning strategy is able to find significantly better than random gaits for the different robots. On the one hand  , such pattern restriction is not unique in entity search. The decomposition uses a combination of heuristic and dynamic programming strategies. The evaluation has shown that the numerical and symbolic reference models generated from isokinetics tests on top-competition sportsmen and women are  , in the expert's opinion  , similar. Game theory provides a natural framework for solving problems with uncertainty. Second  , the system is extensible. Based on the closed loop poles and zeros as given in the previous section  , the closed loop transfer function is written as Fig.15shows the performance of the experimental system when zero phase tracking control. A retrieved document can be either relevant or irrelevant wrt. We would also like to thank Isaac Balbin for his comments on previous drafts of this paper. Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. The RRC manipulator used in this task is equipped with a Multibus-based servo control unit located in a separate cabinet. The third problem  , the coverage of dictionaries is not a linguistic problem and is in principle the same for all languages. In the fields of image recognition and general pattern matching  , geometric similarity measures have been a topic of study for many years 9. A hundred trees were learnt in MLRF's random forest for each data set. The use of the special dictionary and the general dictionary in query translation and structuring of queries are highly effective methods to improve the CLIR performance. However  , existing work primarily focuses on various aspects of query-local data management  , query execution   , and optimization. These results are stored in a method stack along the result of old expressions lines 8 and 9  , Figure 1. Machine learning methods such as support vector machines were usually employed in the classification. 7+ is the operator of a regular expression meaning at least one occurrence. The TREC Q/A track is designed to take a step closer to information retrieval rather than document retrieval. Therefore  , in the following components we treat URLs matching with each pattern as a separate source of information. Although hill-climbing had a slightly worse target article coverage than the other two 5% less  , it outperformed them in pair-wise similarity which means the facets selected have smaller overlap of navigational paths. The SemSets model 6 utilizes the relevance of entities to automatically constructed categories semantic sets  , SemSets measured according to structural and textual similarity. Besides  , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 37 is the bit allocation optimization step to find the parameter b1  , . Another group of related work is graph-based semi-supervised learning. On the other hand  , in the SQL tradition  , W3QL was a declarative query language that offered opportunities for optimization. The performance of the AI approaches depends on how much problem-specific knowledge is acquired and to what extent expert knowledge is available for a specific problem. We simply evaluate all bipartitions made up of consecutive vertices on the ordering n ,d. As we only compute a bipartitioning  , we do not need to resort to dynamic programming as for k-way partitioning. After developing the complete path algebra  , we can apply standard query optimization techniques from the area of database systems see e.g. With this in mind  , in this study we tested some imputation methods. This paper investigated a framework of Multi-Kernel Locality- Sensitive Hashing by exploring multiple kernels for efficient and scalable content-based image retrieval. Due to the geometrical structure of the state space and the nature of the Jacobian mapping between joint velocities and rates of change of a behavioral variable see eq. An integral control term also serves to eliminate the presence of an algebraic loop in the closed-loop transfer function. In many previous works on segmentation  , dynamic programming is a technique used to maximize the objective function. The search tasks they were asked to carry out were: a simple and complex known-item search tasks  , and an exploratory search task. Web queries are often short and ambiguous. The CNN structure used in this paper is illustrated in Fig. A total of twentyfive groups participated in the enterprise track. Unlike lookup search  , where a discrete set of results achieves a welldefined objective  , exploratory search can involve unfamiliar subject areas and uncertainty regarding search goals. Certain PREfast analyses are based on pattern matching in the abstract syntax tree of the C/C++ program to find simple programming mistakes. Based on this mapping each cell of the grid is marked either "obstacle" or "free-space". 16 showed that a distributed search can outperform a centralized search under certain conditions. Training a single tree involves selecting √ m random intervals  , generating the mean  , standard deviation  , and slope of the random intervals for every series. Since the appearance of microarray technology in to­ day's biological experiment  , gene expression data gen­ erated by various microarray experiments have in­ creased enormously  , and lots of works based on these data have been published. In order to create broadly useful systems that are computationally tractable  , it is common in information retrieval generally  , and in CLIR in particular  , to treat terms independently . Extract a set of query words from the question  , and apply semantic expansion to them. The impracticability of examining every possible partition naturally leads to the adoption of a hill climbing strategy  , which essentially consists of iteratively rearranging existing partitions by moving individual objects to different clusters  , and keeping the new partition only if it provides an improvement of the objective function. This table shows that after feature selection  , the proposed method is about three times faster than the sate-of-the-art random forest method  , and achieves greater accuracy. In fact  , the query performance of query engines is not just affected by static query optimization techniques but  , for instance  , also by the design of index structures or the accuracy of statistical information. The test collections are the TREC5 Chinese track  , the TREC9 cross-lingual track and the TREC5 Spanish track Voorhees and Harman  , 1997; Voorhees and Harman  , 2000. , medicine  , engineering is used. The robot links and obstacles are represented directly in the work space  , thus avoiding the complex mapping of obstacles onto the C-space.  Supervised hashing: Cross-Modal Similarity-Sensitive Hashing CMSSH 6 5  , Semantic Correlation Maximization SCM 28   , and Quantized Correlation Hashing QCH are supervised hashing methods which embed multimodal data into a common Hamming space using supervised metric learning. In this work  , we extend this line of work by presenting the first study  , to the best of our knowledge  , of user behavior patterns when interacting with intelligent assistants. If not  , another merge pass has to be done before commencing the SF passes. We introduce a set of novel features to characterize user behaviors and task repetition patterns for this new problem Section 4.3. The second query also uses a different set of expansion keywords usually fewer. The proposed CLIR system manages a collection of documents containing multilingual information as well as user queries that may be performed in any language supported by the system. Given that the image features we consider are based on a state-ofthe-art deep learning library  , it is interesting to compare the performance of image-related features with a similar signal derived from the crowd. A similarly striking effect for dependencies is observed in §3.4. However the matching is not straightforward because of the two reasons. In the data of all tweets  , a retweet can be recognized if it is a regular expression of the kind RT {user name}:{text}. We apply multidimensional Dynamic Programming DP matching to align multiple observations. Clearly  , the elimination of function from the path length of high traffic interactions is a possible optimization strategy. The bandwidth of transparency can be characterized by the frequency at which the transparency transfer function departs significantly from 0 dB magnitude and 0" phase. Using a realistic application  , we measure the impact of parallelism on the optimization cost and the op- timization/execution cost trade-off using several combinations of search space and search strategy. In order to confirm the effectiveness of our method  , we conducted an experiment. In the absence of any feedforward terms  , the response is governed by the poles of the transfer function. when a URL in the Triplify namespace is accessed or in advance  , according to the ETL paradigm Extract-Transform-Load. The decompounding is based on selecting the decomposition with the smallest number of words and the highest decomposition probability . This exposes reliable memory to database crashes  , and we quantify the increased risk posed by this design. A permutation expression is such an example. , we write bias as a function of unbiased rating and unbiased rating as a function of bias. It takes as input a DTD graph G D and nodes A and B in G D   , and returns a regular expression recA  , B as output. Evaluating melodic similarity systems has been a MIREX task for several years  , including for incipit similarity specifically . However  , the correlation between the number of declared friends and the number of distinct interaction partners is low Pearson coefficient 0.16. The relation between observed CTR and the demoted grades is visualized by a scatter plot in Figure 2. It does not occur in an operational CLIR setting. 15  proposes a multi-Criteria-based active learning for the problem of named entity recognition using Support Vector Machine. During the past decade colleges and universities have witnessed an exponential growth in digital information available for teaching and learning. Informally  , we consider two sequences to be similar if they have enough non-overlapping time-ordered pairs of Figure 1captures the intuition underlying our similarity model. Sharp pixel proportion 4 1 Photographs that are out of focus are usually regarded as poor photographs  , and blurriness can be considered as one of the most important features for determining the quality of the photographs. We identify two families of queries. Thus  , robots visiting one website will not affect the probability of visiting the other. associated with each query q  , as is standard in learning to rank 21. The first data structure was an array  , the data structure used by B SD quicksort. We also include an additional baseline that uses multi-task learning Caruana  , 1993 to learn separate parameters for each entity  , called Baseline  , Multi-task. We conjecture that current pattern matching applications may be hindered due to the rigidity of hard matching. By using this methodology  , the most commonly occurring words and phrases after eliminating stop words were utilized for query expansion terms. Yang et al. We have proposed the aspect model latent variable method for cold-start recommending. , 12  , 6  , and we noticed similar patterns in the abandoned query streams we analyzed. The curve for sort-merge is labeled SM; the curves for Grace partitioned band join and the hybrid partitioned band join are labeled GP and HP  , respectively. This illustrates a flaw in the model-free learning system paradigm: failing to separate controllable mechanisms from uncontrollable environment can lead to learning a controller that is fragile with respect to the behaviour of the environ- ment. By compiling into an algebraic language  , we facilitate query optimization. The improved results suggest that the expanded terms produced by Google-set are helpful for query expansion. The segment results of each individual index probe are sorted  , first by protein id and then by start position  , and written to separate files. Since the posting lists are stored on secondary storage  , each next or jump operation may result to one or more disk accesses. Each user presumably has an intrinsic search intent before submitting a query. One of the authors then visually investigated a random sample of over a hundred replays of interactions on the search result pages made by real users. This poses the following two major predicatability problems: the problem of predicting how the system will execute e.g  , use index or sequntial scan  , use nested loop or sort merge a given query; the problem of eliminating the effect of data placement   , pagination and other storage implementation factors that can potentially distort the observations and thus lead to unpredictable behavior. A mapping function has been derived for mapping the obstacles into their corresponding forbidden regions in the work space. To test whether the relative difficulty of the topics is preserved over the two document sets  , we computed the Pearson correlation between the median AP scores of the 50 difficult topics as measured over the two datasets. We assume that an expansion term refer with higher probability to the query terms closer to its position. When there are many tuples in memory  , this may result in considerable delays. We will explain several groups of features below. There are length-1 and length-2 rules in practice. However  , despite its impressive performance Flat-COTE has certain deficiencies. Experiments for English and Dutch MoIR  , as well as for English-to-Dutch and Dutch-to-English CLIR using benchmarking CLEF 2001-2003 collections and queries demonstrate the utility of our novel MoIR and CLIR models based on word embeddings induced by the BWESG model. Surface text pattern matching has been adopted by some researchers Ravichandran & Hovy 2002  , Soubbotin 2002 in building QA system during the last few years. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. In Figure 1we refer to this as Streaming Slot Value Extraction. A self-organizing feature map consists of a two-dimensional array of units; each unit is connected to n input nodes  , and contains a ndimensional vector Wii wherein i ,j identifies the unit at location Ci ,jJ of the array. Thus  , specific terms are useful to describe the relevance feature of a topic. This report describes the the query expansion methods that we explored as part of TREC 2008. To reduce CPU cost for redundant comparisons between points in an any two nodes  , we first screen points which lie within c-distance from the boundary surface of other node and use sort-merge join for those screened points. In this paper  , we present a novel framework for learning term weights using distributed representations of words from the deep learning literature. Both approaches assume a predefined map consisting of fixed knot points. 2 We make our search system publicly accessible for enabling further research on and practical applications for web archives. Positive examples were obtained by setting up the laser scanner in an open area with significant pedestrian traffic; all clusters which lay in the open areas and met the threshold in Sec. A high sparseness parameter leads to rules that have a few large and many small but non-zero coefficients. Thus  , four distances and their correlation with AP were evaluated. For example  , a search for naval architecture returns 154 books in the Internet Archive search interface  , and 350 books in the Hathi Trust search interface. Documents of a comparable collection may be aligned at the document  , sentence or even word level. 2 reports the enhancement on CLIR by post-translation expansion. of the file or log false information in it—Lib creates an instance of Priv and passes it to doPrivileged  , the Java privilege-asserting API 6  , which modifies the stack-inspection mechanism as follows: at run time  , doPrivileged invokes the run method of that Priv object  , and when the stack inspection is performed to verify that each caller on the stack has been granted the necessary FilePermission  , the stack walk recognizes the presence of doPrivileged and stops at createSocket  , without demanding the FilePermission of the clients of Lib. Another work aksolves this problem based on the simulated annealing to technique obtain a modified schedule by rescheduling. That is  , at each stage a complete query evaluation plan exists. While ESA achieves a rather low Pearson correlation and SSA comparably low Spearman correlation  , our approach beats them in both categories.  Incorporating both context i.e. This is a key-word search engine which searches documents based on the dominant topics present in them by relating the keywords to the diierent topics. However  , due to the limitation of random projection  , LSH usually needs a quite long hash code and hundreds of hash tables to guarantee good retrieval performance. In Section 4.1 we provide the details of the query expansion method used for experiments. We extracted around 8.8 million distinctive phone entity instances and around 4.6 million distinctive email entity instances. The query expansion method which uses implicit expansion concept is referred to as IEC. spelling corrections  , related searches  , etc. Since the " simple " approach to determine the value of social navigation cues in the search interface provided little insight  , we had to use a more advanced approach. Our second contribution is quantifying this temporal intention based on the enhanced model. During our developement work we investigated the impact of various system parameters on the IR results including: the transcriber speed  , the epoch of the texts used for query expansion   , the query expansion term weighting strategy  , the query length  , and the use of non-lexical information. Figure 3 gives the variance proportions for the sampled accounts . CHAMELEON requires the setting of the number of clusters to he sought  , which is generally not known. We define semantic relevance of a pictogram to be the measure of relevancy between a word query and interpretation words of a pictogram. However  , the XQuery core cannot properly type recursive XML queries 2  , 10  , 11. They use queries with location obtained by IP addresses  , and develop a probabilistic framework for quantifying spatial variation. The information needed for optimization and query translation itself comes from a text file " OptimizationRules " . To remove the difference in rating scale between users when computing the similarity  , 15  has proposed to adjust the cosine similarity by subtracting the user's average rating from each co-rated pair beforehand. Our choice is based on previous studies that showed Random Forests are robust to noise and very competitive regarding accuracy 9. The quality of the search depends on knowing what search terms to use and on the implemented search strategies. In our case  , we use global topics and background topics to factor out common words. Finally  , a simplified version of the model i.e. It incorporates keyword search as well as search for concepts and displays possible MWE expansions. We can see that the main difference between this equation and the previous one for basic PLSA is that we now pool the counts of terms in the expert review segment with those from the opinion sentences in C O   , which is essentially to allow the expert review to serve as some training data for the corresponding opinion topic. Negative experiences in using RaPiD7 exist  , too. Our thesaurus based CLIR approach seeks to overcome both problems  , allowing free-text user queries and considering the free-text portions of documents during retrieval. Finding the appropriate parameters for DB- SCAN and identifying cluster boundaries in OPTICS are challenges to the user. , which implies the theorem immediately. These data structures are illustrated in Figure 7.a on an abstract XML document. This Web-based application provides a number of match modes including approximate matching for " interval and rhythm " and " contour and rhythm " . Undoing these requires " physical undo "   , i.e. Training users on how to construct queries can improve search behaviour 26. One difficulty in measuring the user-user similarity is that the raw ratings may contain biases caused by the different rating behaviors of different users. The results show that the performance of the expansion on tie-breaking could improve the performance. In CS-DAC  , several rankers are trained simultaneously  , and each ranking function f * k see Equation 3 is optimized using the CS- DAC loss function and hybrid labels. Since the highest working bandwidth of the system is below 100 Hz  , a transfer function of a model of the input-output torque based on the experimental data between O-LOOHz is identified. We first showcase DO and HSA on two document similarity tasks: prior-art patent search 10 and the cross-language IR CLIR task of finding document translations 4. We present an approach where potential target mentions of an SE are ranked using supervised machine learning Support Vector Machines where the main features are the syntactic configurations typed dependency paths connecting the SE and the mention. The above EM procedure is ensured to converge  , which means that the log-likelihood of all observed ratings given the current model estimate is always nondecreasing. Intuitively  , this definition captures the notion that since a search engine generates a ranking of documents by scoring them according to various criteria  , the scores used for ranking may only accurately resolve document relevance to within some toleration . These rules are specified using a finite-state grammar whose syntax is similar to the Backus-Naur-form augmented with regular expressions. To form a base-line set of top documents  , we collected the top 20 results for 5000 queries from a commercial search engine . These categories conform to TREC's general division of question topics into 4 main entity types 13 . Parameters fand k are selected so as to yield an inner loop with the same dynamics as transfer function G ,s. Although the successful inference of the real-world expressions in Section 5.1 suggests that iDRegEx is applicable in real-world scenarios  , we further test its behavior on a sizable and diverse set of regular expressions. Similar methods have been used for kinodynamic planning 17  , 18  , 61. For instance  , the regular expression can be applied to extract all IP addresses in email Header to form an artificial sub-document. This information  , however  , is not available in DFS. If MyDatabase is a class inheriting from Database and has its method execute overriding Database.execute  , then q is a proxy external interaction of MyDatabase.execute. where the parameter T corresponds to artificial temperature in the simulated annealing method. Lee and Hwang attempt to develop a concep‐ tual bridge from game theory to interactive control of a social robot 11. For performance reasons  , the iterative medoid-searching phase is performed on a sample using a greedy hill-climbing technique. The tutorial begins with a basic introduction to the notions and techniques used throughout the theoretical literature . This corresponds to a standard HTML definition of links on pages. However  , this approach is also problematic as a single URL in the test set  , which was unseen in the training set  , would yield an infinite entropy estimate. Space is otherwise completely automatic: it analyzes the target application's source code and returns a list of bugs. Specifically  , this paper has the following contributions:  We develop a supervised classification methodology with NLP features to outperform a deep learning approach . In each hill climbing iteration  , we select the best grasp from N C l  until no improvement is achieved. In addition  , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects. One might wonder whether we can use the Arabic monolingual thesaurus to improve CLIR. Many applications of CLIR rely on large bilingual translation resources for required language pairs. This is the biggest challenge of rewriting XSLT into XQuery. In this optimization  , we transform the QTree itself. In query optimization mode  , BHUNT automatically partitions the data into " normal " data and " exception " data. Then  , the A' search could possibly degenerate to an almost exhaustive search which leads to unacceptable optimization times. Similarity measures for Boolean search request formulations 335 Radecki  , 1977Radecki  ,   , 1978a. SV M struct generalizes multi-class Support Vector Machine learning to complex data with features extracted from both inputs and outputs. Moreover  , our approach is effective for any join query and predicate combinations. In addition to the object-oriented description of a perspective we define a navigation path where the navigation space is restricted depending on the selected perspective. The navigation space is defined by the semantic distance between the initial concept and other related concepts. However  , whether the balance can be achieved by genetic programming used by GenProg has still been unknown so far. One problem with using R-square as a measure of goodness of fitting is that it never decreases in that it adds more regressors. To retrieve better intention-conveying pictograms using a word query  , we proposed a semantic relevance measure which utilizes interpretation words and frequencies collected from a web survey. The predictive accuracy of our implementation of survival random forest is assessed with an o↵-line test. 4 study the problem of semantic query suggestion  , where each query is linked to a list of concepts from DBpedia  , ranked by their relevance to the query. In this paper  , we considered the problem of classification in the context of document collections where textual content is scarce and imprecise citation information exists. For more information on this approach see 7  , 6  , and 22. 2 Specification based on set-theoretic notations. So if the fitness is calculated from unregulated Q-table  , the selected actions at the state that is close to the goal are evaluated as a high val.ues. Thus we would wa.nt to decompose  ,BTs into 8 cocfficients , The reduced random forest model using just those two variables can attain almost 90% accuracy. While LIB uses binary term occurrence to estimate least information a document carries in the term  , LIF measures the amount of least information based on term frequency. Otherwise  , highly exploratory EAs hardly find good local solution as well as random search does. More recently  , MSN and Google Search 13 ,9 added location look-up capability that extracts location qualifiers from search query strings. FigureObject a has a different geometrical feature than object b  , yet under many grasping configurations  , the relation between the body attached coordinate system of the gripper and the object is the same. The exponents A 1 and X2 are weights  , and were chosen experimentally. However  , the exponential complexity of dynamic programming may limit the optimizer to queries that involve not more than 15 relations. Furthermore  , we will evaluate the performance and expressiveness of our approach with the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM. In this experiment  , we start from the same seed set of N identified criminal accounts   , which are randomly selected from 2 ,060 identified criminal accounts. The indexing relation is of the kind defined in IOTA Ker84In this chapter we present  , first  , the query language structure. Query translation is usually selected for practical reasons of eeciency. {10} {1 ,2 ,7 ,10}{1 ,2 ,3 ,7 ,8 ,10} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,7 ,8 ,92 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Description ,Library {9} {4 ,6 ,9} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Even if the indexing phase is correct  , certain documents may not have been indexed under all the conditions that could apply to them. In Oard's hierarchical classification scheme of the CLIR methods 17  , our work falls under the thesaurus based free-text CLIR category. In order to get a smooth output and the less settling time  , we consider that the transfer functions matrix relative to the designed output is given by: The objective of this method is to calculate the closed loop transfer function matrix which minimise the integral squared error between the output of the robotic subsystem and a desired output @d. Of course  , the controller depends on the desired output. In Section 4  , we highlight the requirements for the design of an effective solution supporting collaborative privacy management . Answer extraction methods applied are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . In our work we use a simple breadth-first-search routine  , modified along the suggestions in 3  , to find a cycle basis for graphs that are allowed to have multiple self-edges and multiple edges between vertices. Research in 978-1-4799-5569-5/14/$31.00 c 2014 IEEE. There is an interesting study 4 which found using the Pearson coefficient that there is no correlation between the average precision with the original query and s average precision increment by QE. We refer to this set as XE. The main difference to the standard classification problem Eq. It is difficult to apply the usual Q-learning to the real robot that has many redundant degrees of freedom and large action-state space. Based on the assumption that users prefer those tweets related to the profile and popular in social media  , we consider social attributes as follow  ,  Then  , the semantic score and quality score are utilized to evaluate the relevance and quality of a tweet for a certain profile. Prediction performance is measured  , as usual  , by the Pearson correlation between the true AP of the relevance-model-based corpus ranking at cutoff 1000 and that which corresponds to the predicted values . Therefore  , the imputation method used in our experiment fits better for S&P500 data set. The implementation of the system is in WP0bject Oriented programming with C++ under WINDOWS that allows multi-tasking . The result of unsupervised pattern learning through PRF is a set of soft patterns as presented in Section 2 Step 3a. However   , when compared to query centric retrieval  , this makes for a substantial difference at retrieval time: while query centric retrieval requires a relevance judgment for all types of images in the relevant class from a single example  , database centric retrieval only requires a similarity judgment for one image the query from the probability distribution of the entire class. Typically  , a Web browser interprets an HTML file just once  , in sequential order  , and so the semantics of character data do not need to be spot-checked by 'random access'. In the following subsections  , we will present the results obtained with the different configurations adopter for evaluating the proposed CLIR system. In any modern functional language a similar definition of quicksort can be given by the use of let-expressions with patterns. Repeatability is guaranteed in the augmented Jacobian method because repeated task-space motion is carried out with repeated joint-space motion  , whereas in the resolved motion method repeatability is not guaranteed. The effect of search pruning at all Rtree levels is that  , starting from the top level  , the two nodes  , one from each R-tree  , are only traversed for join computation if the MBRs of their parent nodes overlap . 3 In this paper we propose a machine learning method that takes as input an ontology matching task consisting of two ontologies and a set of configurations and uses matching task profiling to automatically select the configuration that optimizes matching effectiveness. If there exists at least one non-empty intersection the pick-and-place operation can be performed with a single grasp corresponding to a gripper configuration of the non-empty intersection. We also performed experiments to understand the effect of contextual and regular expression features; the combined set performs best  , as expected. All runs did not use phrases  , and query expansion. To evaluate the performance of the random forest for disambiguation  , we first randomly select 91 unique author names as defined by the last name and the first initial from Medline database. In 3  random walks are described on click graphs  , containing information about clicked URLs but not about user sessions. , in terms of purity and precision. If the goal t for finite search spacar $ &t first fiche csns.s some depth first search at the most promising node and if a solution is not found  , thii node soon becomes less promising zu compared to 8ome other aa yet unexplored node which is then expanded and subsequently explored. The semantics of SPARQL is defined as usual based on matching of basic graph patterns BGPs  , more complex patterns are defined as per the usual SPARQL algebra and evaluated on top of basic graph pattern matching  , cf. In what follows  , we will present the technique circum­ venting this problem with the two-dimensional sys­ tem 7 as example. One way to address this problem is to use a fast lower bounding function to help prune sequences that could not possibly be a best match. For questions with the Qtargets Q-WHY-FAMOUS  , Q-WHY-FAMOUS-PERSON  , Q-SYNONYM  , and others  , the parser also provides qargs—information helpful for matching: This is also observed in our experiments. However  , to capture semantics  , an expression language is needed  , such as some form of logic predicate calculus  , description logic  , algebra relational algebra  , arithmetic  , or formal language regular expressions  , BNF. To prove the applicability of our technique  , we developed a system for aggregating and retrieving online newspaper articles and broadcast news stories. It is important to note that orderpreserving hash join does preserve orderings  , but does not preserve groupings held of the outer relation. Rewrite Operation and Normalization Rule. The data could be nicely covered with these motifs that are very common  , but in this study we aim at finding relationships between the motifs. Although we have to store a mapping table for fast block locating  , the extra space occupied by it is much smaller than that used by the inverted index itself. For each query  , traditional query expansion often selects expansion term by co-occurrence statistics. This distribution seem to follow a powerlaw distribution as we see in Figure 4and when we fit our general Figure 4: General Model: y-axis is the ratio of retweets  , and the x-axis is the number of minutes between a retweet and the original tweet. Second  , reference expressions in user-defined functions might involve local variables  , which are meaningless outside the function context. With these methods   , the right method according to the dynamic types of the parameters is executed. From the results  , we observe that on the last three weeks 13  , 14  , 15 with several political happenings  , the interestingness distribution of participants does not seem to follow the comment distribution well we observe low correlation. We extracted " browse → search " patterns from all sessions in the user browsing behavior data. G-Portal shares similar goals with existing digital libraries such as ADEPT 1  , DLESE 9 and CYCLADES 5 . , models are built and applied on the same project  , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier  , while only random forest ranks in the first tier. A digitized mono audio stream can be convoluted with an artificial HRTF to create a stereo audio stream that reproduces the timing  , frequency and spectral effects of a genuine spatial sound source. In this section  , we discuss our development of predicate mapper  , which realizes the type-based search-driven mapping machinery. In English-Chinese CLIR  , pre-translation query expansion means using a separate English collection for pretranslation retrieval in order to expand the English query with highly associated English terms. for sequencing have their usual meaning. This result indicates that most queries are noisy and strongly influenced by external events that tend to interfere with model fitting. In Stage II  , we maximize the model likelihood with respect to U and Ψ   , this procedure can be implemented by stochastic gradient descent. As a result  , XQuery can then be used to access the data structure part of the RDF document  , while using entailment to access its semantics. Additionally  , because of the initially high control parameter value analogous to temperature in the simulated annealing dynamics of GESA  , a poorly performing child can succeed the parent of its family in the initial stages  , thus enabling escape from local minimum traps. However  , all these methods target traditional graph search. Keeping this in mind  , the expansion intended in this research would use Metamap  , UMLS Metathesaurus  , and SNOMED-CT to find relevant documents pertaining to the query/topic. There was a positive correlation between the expertise rating and the interest rating by a given participant to a given topic Pearson coefficient of 0.7  , indicating that people are usually interested in topics in which they have expertise and vice versa. People  , and fraudulent software  , might click on ads for reasons that have nothing to do with topical similarity or relevance. In similarity search 14 the basic idea is to find the most similar objects to a query one i.e. We notice that the purchase rate drops when the users experience a zero recall search in their search trail. At first blush  , the problem seems deceptively easy: why not just replace usernames with random identifiers ? Fre87  , GD87  , Loh88 made rule-based query optimization popular  , which was later adopted in the object-oriented context  , as e.g. Map-Reduce is essentially a distributed grep-sort-aggregate or  , in database terminology   , a distributed execution engine for select-project via sequential scan  , followed by hash partitioning and sort-merge group-by. Section 6 presents experimental results and Section 7 compares the presented CLIR method to other statistical approaches found in the literature . For continuous conversations  , contexts can be used to optimize the response selection for the given query. This dataset was extracted from random queries sampled from Yahoo! per iteration  , and ON 2  memory is needed to store S. Such cost in both computation and storage is unacceptable when N grows large. In view of the lot related objective function  , it is not necessary to model the movement of individual transfer lots. However  , most query expansion methods only introduce new terms and cannot be directly applied to relation matching. According to Q-learning  , when the agent executes an action  , it assigns the action a reward that indicates its immediate utility in that state according to the objective of the agent. In this paper  , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. In simulated annealing  , the current state may be replaced by a successor with a lower quality. As indicated in Table 1Figure 1: Comparison of CLIR performance on homogeneous datasets using both short and long queries. Kraaij 8 showed successful use of the widely used BableFish 6 translation service based on Systran. As will be shown  , the different formats offer different tradeoffs  , both during query optimization and query execution. 3 Many research works for the repeating patterns have been on an important subtype: the tandem repeats 10  , where repeating copies occur together in the sequence. However  , it has been shown by Spector and Flashner 9 that with noncollocated measurements such as tip position  , the resulting transfer function is non-minimum phase in character. Some of its successful applications include library catalogue search  , medical record retrieval  , and Internet search engines e.g. Here we explore the opposite however  , optimality of interfaces given search behavior. We therefore explored one of the several possible sources of statistical evidence for synonymy. 1 is to assure that each word w  , regardless of its actual language  , obtains word collocates from both vocabularies. Let us examine a small pattern-matching example . Furthermore   , these texts are often mixed with English  , which makes detection of transliterated text quite difficult. However  , the number of iterations until convergence can be large. The runs which do candidate selection fig. Figure 2 only shows the most often influential attributes; i.e. These results show that worthwhile improvements are possible from interactive query expansion in the restricted context represented by the Cranfield collection. Sign R x 'Grouped'  , add it to Group G i ; 8. This uses a random search to cope with the high dimensionality of the control space. MaxMiner 3 uses a breadth-first search and performs look-ahead pruning which prunes a whole tree if the head and tail together is frequent. Based on these index pages we analyzed how similarity between chemical entities is computed 4 . The other extracts the structure in some way from the text parsing  , recognizing markup  , etc. We characterized several possible approaches to this problem   , and we elaborated two working systems that exploit the structure of mathematical expressions for approximate match: structural similarity search and pattern matching. The stack described above serves the back u_~ and output functions served by 0UTLIST. These mapping matrices are calculated for a given coil arrangement by treating the coils as magnetic dipoles in space and are calibrated through workspace measurements as outlined in 11  , 10. where each element of I is current through each of the c coils  , B is a 3 × c matrix mapping these coil currents to the magnetic field vector B and B x   , B y   , B z are the 3 × c matrices mapping the coil currents to the magnetic field spatial gradients in the x  , y and z directions  , respectively. Optimization of this query plan presents further difficulties. This technique was proposed to mitigate the efficiency issue caused by operating a large index  , for that a smaller index loads faster  , occupies less disk space  , and has better query throughput. Many positive comments were made about the opportunity of using colour to discriminate between tabs  , e.g. " The main contribution of this paper is twofold: we combine previously known game theory strategies into ontology reasoning and present a measure to systematically evaluate the inconsistencies in ontologies. However  , it is difficult to work in such a high-dimensional configuration space directly   , so we provide a mapping from a lower-dimensional control space to the configuration space  , and manipulate trajectories in the control space. The framework has three core components: an actor similarity module to compute actor similarity scores  , a document matching module to match user queries with indexed documents  , and a SNDocRank module to produce the final ranking by combining document relevance scores with actor similarity scores. A 980-node surface model is then computed by fitting a deformable surface as shown in Figure 12b. Most programs written in procedural programming languages fall into this category. We present our applied approach  , detailed system implementation and experimental results in the context of Facebook in Section 6. However  , the performance of our query expansion technique UMassBlog4 is somewhat disappointing. We used Random Indexing 6  to build distributional semantic representations i.e. , Hadoop Distributed File System. Lee et al. The sparse utilization of the extremely large ID space makes it infeasible to identify random users by generating random IDs. Miller-Charles' data set is a subset of Rubenstein-Goodenough's 35 original data set of 65 word pairs. Terms from the top ten documents were ranked using the same expansion score used in the post-hoc English expansion. The pattern symbols are: These searching functions are rarely used on the Internet environment; the improvement is seldom used in the Internet. This can be easily done using dynamic programming.  Automatic building of terminological hierarchies. The goal in RaPiD7 is to benefit the whole project by creating as many of the documents as possible using RaPiD7. Only few hash-based search methods have been developed so far  , in particular random projection  , locality-sensitive hashing  , and fuzzy-fingerprinting 20  , 18  , 11  , 26; they are discussed in greater detail in Subsection 2.3 and 2.4. One possible source of this difference is that the crawling policies that gave rise to each data set were very different; the DS2 crawl considered page quality as an important factor in which pages to select; the DS1 crawl was a simpler breadth-first-search crawl with politeness. For example  , HERALD provides a hypotlietical join function join-when  , that evaluates the expression join < cond >  , R when D  , S when D. We study the problem of keyword-based image search by jointly exploring cross-view learning and the use of click-through data. Investigation of Moodle's access control model revealed 31 semantic smells and 2 semantic errors  , distributed in 3 categories. The constraints associated with these exposures and the user-provided mapping are passed through a constraint specializer  , which re-casts the constraints in terms of the types in our pattern catalog. The inference module also provides an additional testing mechanism to verify the strength of the inferred pointcuts. Notice that when no explicit subtopics can be found for a query  , the regularized pLSA is reduced to the normal pLSA. Their methods automatically estimate the scaling parameter s  , by selecting the fit that minimizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS D − statistic. The gap between cluster A and B can be visually perceived. As in applying II to conventional query optimization  , an interesting question that arises in parametric query optimization is how to determine the running time of a query optimizer for real applications . Therefore  , decentralized search represents a very natural model of navigating tagging systems. This subset size corresponds to a scenario where the pages are evenly distributed over a 16-node search engine   , which is the typical setup in our lab. A natural next step is to extend the binary judgements to multiple relevance levels.  A federated search function was added to allow users search for appropriate objects in more LORs like Merlot  , SMETE and EdNa. There is a need to investigate search problems on WoD. In all cases  , the multi-probe LSH method has similar query time to the basic LSH method. Third-order dependencies may be useful  , however   , and even higher-order dependencies may be of interest in settings outside of query optimization. The BSBM benchmark 1 is built around an e-commerce use case  , and its data generator supports the creation of arbitrarily large datasets using the number of products as scale factor. The parameters used for the TREC-8 experiments were as follows. The same check applies to every other pair of IP address and port where this certificate is used. Since then  , research in CLIR has grown to cover a wider variety of languages and techniques. In such a case  , the objective function degenerates to the log-likelihood function of PLSA with no regularization. The two relations arc then joined at site S  , using either the sort-merge method SJSh4 or the nested loops method SJNL. Moreover  , these bounds on predictive performance are also extremely sensitive to the deviations from perfect knowledge we are likely to encounter when modeling real-world systems: even a relatively small amount of error in estimating a product's quality leads to a rapid decrease in one's ability to predict its success. The search attention is always concentrated on the current node unless it is abandoned according to the pruning criteria. It is variously called fitness  , valuation  , and cost. Figure 4bshows that the number of calls answered by caches are proportional with the size of the cache.  The LGM provides a solid and generic foundation for multimedia retrieval  , which can be extended towards a number of directions. One novel part of our work is that we use a Genetic Programming GP based technique called ARRANGER Automatic geneRation of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming to discover ranking functions automatically Fan 2003a. Then  , we compare R missing  with each of the elements in R search  and R co−occurring  to demonstrate the best possible similarity. It can be observed that the redundancy penalization effect of | is consistent with the equivalent parameter in the metric  , i.e. Term expansion does considerably reduce the space required for an n-gram database used for query evaluation. In general  , our methods start from a set of Initial/seed Concepts IC  , and provide a ranked list of suggested concepts relevant to IC. We find that surprisingly  , classic text-based content similarity is a very noisy feature  , whose value is at best weakly correlated . The low-rank recovery with structurized data makes full use of the information of similar samples and the correlation of all the samples. In particular  , Vidyasagar presented a transfer function of the flexible heam based on the Euler-Bernoulli model that has the nice property to be passive  To evaluate the performance of different architectures including the behavior of the operator  , it is common to use a group of people working on a certain task 2224. In general  , a feature model 3  , 4  , 5  , 6  , 7  , 8 is a description of the relevant characteristics of some entity of interest. CLIR typically involve translating queries from one language to another. To analyze this  , we measured the Pearson correlation between the displayed popularity of a tag and the likelihood of a user to adopt the tag. Specific keywords like: " robots + legs "   , " humanoid + robots " or " wheels + robots " were not used  , since they would have biased the sample of the search results. One of them is based on cognates  , for which untranslatable and/or similar terms in case of close languages are used for matching the query. Figure 1 shows an overview of our system. 2 is the regularization term and λ is the weight decay parameter. Since only default indexes were created  , and no optimization was provided   , this leaves a room for query optimization in order to obtain a better query performance. Let the values of at the end of the lift-off and transfer forward subphases be +L It'is a function of the kinematic cycle phase variable  , +  , which is used to implement periodic gaits 1 ,4 ,10. The decoder operates on the encoded representation with two layers of LSTMs. Result sets from each host name D for each topic were truncated at the top Cr |D| = 0.0005|D| documents  , rounding up to the next largest integer. , a queue and depth-first search i.e. In order to understand the data analyzed  , we briefly describe the framework used to implement the lightweight comment summarizer. With flexible GP operators and structural motif representations  , our new method is able to identify general RNA secondary motifs. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. To test the most accurate efficiency predictors based on single features  , we compute the correlation and the RMSE between the predicted and actual response times on the test queries  , after training on the corresponding training set with the same query length. Semi-structured Search Baseline No-schema  , NSA. The first Col/Lib and second Loc columns give information about the name of the collection and their location. If a local miminum is reached  , A * search is invoked  , beginning at the point at which hill climbing got stuck see Fig. Expansion of pattern level nodes in the link level are shown in the upper link level area. In addition  , they offer more flexibility for modeling practical scenarios where the data is very sparse. In addition to high accuracy and robustness  , the classifier demonstrates the potential for realtime implementation with offline model parameter fitting. SYSTRAN is generally accepted as one of the best commercial MT systems for English-Spanish translation. The first option will perform a diskbased merge-sort join of Rl and R2  , at a cost of 2P * log P + 2P. The rest of this paper is organized as following  , first we review major approaches in recommendation systems including papers that focus on the cold start problem in Section 2; in Section 3  , we describe the data sets we work with and detail the type of features we use to model the user and the items in each domain  , respectively. The number of expansion terms that worked best with the TREC 2011 qrels is 10 expansion terms for each query term. Page views included query submission  , search result clicks  , navigation beyond the search results page originating from clicks on links in a search result  , and clicks on other search engine features e.g. Each type in the schema has a handler  , analogous to a function  , which is composed of the basic instructions . It shows worse results on random and tail. Caching is performed at regular intervals to reflect the dynamic nature of the database. This prevented us from effectively exploiting similarity based on topic distributions with some queries. RQ2: Do word embeddings trained on different corpora change the ranking performance ? Apriori first finds all frequent itemsets of size § before finding frequent itemsets of size § ¦ . However  , since the thumb and the ATX are coupled by the position constraints at the attachment points  , a unique mapping can be achieved between the degrees of freedom of the thumb and the ATX leading to the redundancy of the coupled system the same as that of the thumb alone. These context-sensitive token translation probabilities can then be used in the same way as context-independent probabilities. Practical compensators can seldom succeed in such cases. Incidentally  , we start the discussion regarding related work with publication that had to do with query expansion. We conduct a series of extrinsic experiments using the two soft pattern models on TREC definitional QA task test data. A review of home-based photo albums provides further support for the utility of viewing search results that are grouped by content features and by contexts 16. First  , we briefly introduce Word2Vec  , a set of models that are used to produce word embeddings  , and Doc2Vec  , a modification of Word2Vec to generate document embeddings  , in Section 4.1. We also observe that training can improve the prediction performance for short observation windows T < 24 hours  , and that the model with training provides accurate predictions  , even for very short observation windows   , such as T = 1 hour. Consider the pie-shaped part Fig.3 whose initial orientation is unknown. Clinchant8 expands the standard language modeling approach by representing more than one language in the document model and then using a meta-dictionary in order to build a matching multi-language query model. Recent works have exploited such constraints for query optimization and schema matching purposes e.g. To cope with the problem of blank nodes we need to extend the definition for an RDF instance mapping from 9: This eases parsing  , pattern declaration and matching  , and it makes the composition interface explicit. Such incremental modifications of software systems are often referred to collectively as software evolution. and E-= q ,e3 ,egl. St ,ep 2: Assuming +at8 the transfer function ofcontrolled system P  s  = Tt'PV  , det ,ermine I<s  , which minimizes masimum model error rmur. Prete and colleagues proposed REF-FINDER to identify complex refactorings by using template logic rules 30 . It is the length of the projection of one vector onto the other unit vector. Resolvability provides a shared ontology  , that is a scheme allowing us to understand the relationships among various visual sensor configurations used for visual control. A fixed expansion technique using only synonyms and first-order hyponyms of noun-phrases from titles and descriptions already produced fairly highdimensional queries  , with up to 118 terms many of them marked as phrases; the average query size was 35 terms. The used features are Root Mean Square RMS computed on time domain; Pitch computed using Fast Fourier Transform frequency domain; Pitch computed using Haar Discrete Wavelet Transform timefrequency domain; Flux frequency domain; RollOff frequency domain; Centroid frequency domain; Zero-crossing rate ZCR time domain. All these methods focus on analyzing user behavior when interacting with traditional search systems. Additionally   , search engine query logs can be used to incorporate query context derived from users' search histories  , leading to better query language models that improve search accuracy 42. Therefore Lye have the following result. Pair-wise pvalues are shown in Table 4.  Based on a manipulation of the original similarity matrix it is shown how optimum methods for hash-based similarity search can be derived in closed retrieval situations Subsection 3.3. While languages like Chinese and Japanese use multiple scripts 24  , they may not illustrate the true complexity of the MSIR scenario envisaged here because there are standard rules and preferences for script usage and well defined spellings rules. With similarity search  , a user can be able to retrieve  , for instance  , pictures of the tour Eiffel by using another picture of the tour Eiffel as a query  , even if the retrieved pictures were not correctly annotated by their owner. The 2-inertia system in F i g 5 can be expressed with an equivalent block diagram in Fig.6: Transfer function description of Fig.5where Three participants spoke about the importance of commencing assessment of text encoding requirements at a higher level of abstraction than the TEI's model of a text as important. Therefore the fanout of internal nodes and the length of navigational paths are within a reasonable range for the users. We augmented this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method. In this way  , the operation becomes a combinatorial optimization problem which can be solved by dynamic programming 21  , 22. We empirically showed that these two search paradigms outperform other search techniques  , including the ones that perform exact matching of normalized expressions or subexpressions and the one that performs keyword search. Gesture recognition in complex environments cannot be perfect. semantic sets measured according to structural and textual similarity. , He et al. The fifth column C-o presents the copyright owner  , which has five values: library Lib  , individual Ind  , organization Org  , vary and public domain P-d. Individuals in the new generation are produced based on those in the current one. Plural and singulars were added using lexical-based heuristics to determine the plural form of a singular term and viceversa . Definition 5.4 Complex graph pattern matching. Also the abbreviated naming of entities by using their functional groups only contributes to the false retriev- als. ACM 978-1-59593-597-7/07/0007. Specifically  , the following fairness considerations are reflected in our policy: l a sort should not allocate more memory than needed. 7  , 8  presented techniques for representing text documents and their associated term frequencies in relational tables  , as well as for mapping boolean and vector-space queries into standard SQL queries. We were surprised to learn that both query expansion approaches resulted in lower MAP values. However  , to increase opportunities for optimization   , all AQ i are combined into one audit query AQ whose output is a set of query identifiers corresponding to those AQ i that yield non-empty results. On the other hand  , research in economics and game theory has focused 8 on the social cost resulting from the widespread availability of inexpensive pseudonyms. In this paper we report results of an experimental investigation into English-Japanese CLIR. While missing demographic information can be obtained at a low cost  , missing test results can be significantly more expensive to obtain. Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method  , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. Note  , is a set and it does not include the ordering information of the corresponding code snippet . Let us first write the transfer function of the system dynamics for motor position θ as input and link position q as output. In order to prevent this exponential increase of the planning time for queries with many patterns  , we use a greedy query optimizer when the number of patterns in the query is greater than a fixed number. Subjects in Group A took extra time to set up their search target before actually beginning the search. As a pilot study  , we believe that this work has opened a new door to recommendation systems using deep learning from multiple data sources. These methods do not easily generalize to other distance metrics or general similarity measures. The time series are further standardized to have mean zero and standard deviation one. Using the same method as in the aforementioned formulas the tfidf values are calculated for the terms  , but the term frequency is of course based on the search result itself  , rather than the " positive " or " negative " profile. This test is being done with W3C Semantic Search. The performance of this scheme varies significantly from run to run. Perhaps the best example of a  It also permits nodes which can represent topographical cues to be freely added and/or removed. Fagin et al. But theories of evolutionary learning or individual learning do. Controlling to include only the first few expansion terms of a query term simulates and measures a user's expansion effort for that query term. To compare ranking quality  , we also computed nDCG for the best-scoring related approach ESA  , where it reaches 0.845: as Figure 4shows  , our approach scores also beats that number significantly. The Levenshtein distance  , or edit distance  , defined over V   , dV x  , y between x and y is the cost of the least expensive sequence of edit operations which transforms x into y 17. We optimize the model parameters using stochastic gradient descent 6  , as follows: This reduces the cost of calculating the normalization factor from O|V| to Olog |V|. Microblog search is a special kind of text search. Our work develops more powerful optimizations that exploit the particular requirements of the all-pairs similarity search problem. This information can be considered as a user profile. In addition  , we plan to apply the EM method and PLSA model to promoting diversity on Genomics research. We now propose three learning methods  , with each corresponding to opimizing a specific inverse hypothesis test. This is a database querying facility  , with regular expression search on titles  , comments and URLs. The inconsistent performance of PMIA and IRIE under the two diffusion models illustrates that both PMIA and IRIE are unstable. where q 0 is the original query and α is an interpolation parameter. Furthermore  , terms are added even if a query expansion does not give good expansion terms.  The Salmone Arabic-to-English dictionary  , which was made available for use in the TREC-CLIR track by Tufts University. To perform optimization of a computation over a scientific database system  , the optimizer is given an expression consisting of logical operators on bulk data types. The proportion of customers missing data for the number of port is large 44% and the customer population where data are missing may be different  , making conventional statistical treatment of missing data e.g. In CQAs there are no such problems  , for we should just judge the similarity of two similar questions. Moreover  , trajectories over S give meaning to the actions in the discrete specification. The following function is used: Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. Finally  , we investigate whether Google Search personalizes results based on Web browsing history i.e. Once these features are removed the remaining point cloud consists of a dense cluster of payload points with a few outliers introduced from dust. Thus  , cost functions used by II heavily influence what remote servers i.e. These results point to a fundamentally weak association between a sentence's COGENT score and its expert-assigned coreness  , supporting the first of the two above possibilities. It uses the ontology structure to determine the relevance of the candidate instances. We constructed several term vector representations based on ASR- text. Finally  , the Quality of Services QoS is combined with the proposed semantic method to produce a final score that reflects how semantically close the query is to available services. Due to space limitations  , we cannot present all mapping rules. In this work  , we propose to use hashing methods to address the efficiency problem. In our current design  , except the literal words  , we also adopt common data types  , such as integer   , float  , month  , date and time  , as the features. Clustered multi-index. Assuming perfect transfer from spring storage into kinetic energy  , the impact may be modeled as follows: the hip for natural pitch stability. In SI Presman et al. investigate how to perform variational EM for the application of learning text topics 33. For example   , LOD ontologies vary widely; they can be very small at the schema level  , shallow  , and poorly axiomatized such as GeoNames  , 1 large with medium depth and medium axiomatization such as in DBpedia  , 2 or large  , deep  , and richly axiomatized such as Yago. Of these techniques  , GenProg and Par  , the two awardwinning patch generation techniques  , presented the very promising results. 's local search sites 8 ,17 require users to specify a location qualifier  , in addition to giving a search query. We also found that there are actually simple BLOG-specific factoid questions that are notoriously difficult to answer using state of the art Q&A technology. 3 exploit lexical knowledge  , query expansion uses taxonomies e.g. In Section 4 we present the faster heuristic version of the planner PVDP. Finally  , the notion of the representative trajectory of a cluster is provided. Genetic programming GP is a computational method inspired by biological evolution  , which discovers computer programs tailored to a particular task 19. Both '/' and '//' in the pattern are treated as regular tree edges. The query optimizer can add-derivation operators in a query expression for optimization purpose without explicitly creating new graph view schemes in the database. However  , since models of the dynamic behavior of complex machines are complex  , too  , we use a pictograph representation to abbreviate our models. SemSearch ES queries that look for particular entities by their name are the easiest ones  , while natural language queries TREC Entity  , QALD-2  , and INEX-LD represent the difficult end of the spectrum. Previous work has generally solved this problem either by using domain knowledge to create a good discretization of the state space 9 or by hierarchically decomposing the problem by hand to make the learning task easier In all of the work presented here  , we use HEDGER as part of our Q-learning implementation. Figure 3d shows a zoom of the bottom left corner of Figure 3 a  , where Western countries are clustered except Cyprus  , which has 25.3% Muslim population. This is done using stochastic gradient descent. Hence  , in order to obtain more specific latent query intents  , we often need to obtain rather a large number of latent query intents. Figure 5shows a partial search tree for our example constraint  , where the branches correspond to the three derivations in Figures  2  , 3  , and 4. To make this baseline strong  , both individual expansion terms and the expansion term set can be weighted. Figure 3shows the endpoints of the rays superimposed on the ground truth model for one of the simulated models. Note that this type of XPath views can also be considered as a regular value index. structure. , 44  , 45  , 12; 2 We rely on the intuitions behind semantic composition models from the literature on distributional compositional semantics e.g. We use a weighted sum aggregation function with three different settings of the respective weights. Figure 2illustrates results of FIRES in comparison to SUBCLU  , and CLIQUE applied on a synthetic dataset containing three clusters of significantly varaying dimensionality and density. In addition  , letˆMΦletˆ letˆMΦ ∈ R l×1 be the vector of l average performance scores computed based on the query subset  , QΦ  , and the performance matrixˆXmatrixˆ matrixˆX. Throughout this paper  , we will use the TREC average noninterpolated precision to measure retrieval performance Voorhees  , 1997. Notice that the control input is significantly smoother than the one in Fig. , query expansion on the translated queries  , and the combination-translation query expansion  , i.e. Since the amount of data is known at the start of the merge step  , the sort is able to allocate exactly the amount of memory needed. Assuming the reader to be familiar with recursion in deductive databases Gallaire84  , Bancilhon86  , Ullman86  , we address the problem of evaluating queries referencing rule defined relations. The transfer function relating the contact force to the commanded force F  , and the environment position X  , is: The block diagram of the control system is shown in Figure 5. As in 10   , we used two kinds of correlations: Pearson and Spearman. It was shown in the PRIX system 17  that the above encoding supports ordered twig pattern matching efficiently. The reader is referred to the technical report by Oard and Dorr for an excellent review of the CLIR literature 18. Accordingly  , products in GoodRelations are assigned corresponding classes from the catalog group system  , i.e. The presence of the FUNIT element helps to distinguish quantitative properties from datatype and qualitative properties  , because quantitative values are determined by numeric values and units of measurements  , e.g. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: We use plain LSH 13  rather than the more recent Multi- Probing LSH 17 in this evaluation as the latter is mainly to reduce space cost  , but could slightly raise scan rate to achieve the same recall. In this paper  , predictive modeling and analyses have been conducted at two different levels of granularity. Therefore  , by modeling both types of dependencies we see an additive effect  , rather than an absorbing effect. sensorimotor space that extends beyond the cmiera's view based on collisions. In each search task  , participants were required to read task description  , complete pre-and post-questionnaires  , and search information on Wikipedia using either of the two user interfaces. The grammar for a simple subset of RML is shown in Figure 2. Finally  , we observe that removing noise from the index slightly damages MAP. Locating a piece of music on the map then leaves you with similar music next to it  , allowing intuitive exploration of a music archive. The alignments use dynamic programming and the Levenshtein edit distance as the cost. This component uses a set of search tecbniques to find collision-free paths in the search space. We address the problem of parallel query optimization  , which is to find optimal parallel plans for executing SQL queries. The result obtained is presented in Table 4. The following definition will specify how complex formulae from F  , which serve as annotations for results of matching complex graph pattern  , will be derived. If the path has no recursive nodes  , the function simply returns the cardinality of the path. Maintenance and evolution are important parts of the development of any software system. Consider Figure 1a  , which depicts a sample search submitted to a major search engine. In order to get comparable classes of users  , we need to know what measurable traits of users are highly predictive of searching effectiveness. Finally  , Section 8 states some conclusions. Reference-based indexing 7  , 11  , 17  , 36  can be considered as a variation of vector space indexing. Consequently   , for i ≥ 1  , we estimate the cost of matching a pattern as: costpi = f rontierpi−1 × explorepi. We now describe a technique that incorporates hill-climbing and is roughly We assume that which vertices are adjacent to each vertex is pre-computed and stored as a part of the polyhedron representation. In addition  , we study a retrieval model which is trained by supervised signals to rank a set of documents for given queries in the pairwise preference learning framework. In RuralCafe  , we explicitly avoid the problem of automated query expansion. Combinations of latent semantic models. Simulated Annealing devised by Kirkpatrick  , et. NTCIR test collection and SMART retrieval system were used to evaluate the proposed strategies in CLIR. In order to avoid this situation  , most researchers 1623 focus on a special case where all images/frames contain exactly the same set of labeled objects. Our Foursquare dataset consisted of all checkins from 2011 and 2012 except December 2012 aggregated in 20 minutes bins by category and urban area. When reaching this limit  , a sort converts to u5 ing multiple merge steps. Origin: The first page in the trail after the SERP  , visited by clicking on a search result hyperlink. convert operator trees to a bag of 'words' representing individual arguments and operator-argument triples 15. sequences of actions a user performs with the search engine e.g. The matrix Wsc denotes the projection matrix from the vector state sr+1 to the vector cr+1. Service Descriptions are represented in RDF. We sort the full set Of 6Qj F values and delete any duplicates. Moreover note that in low Z values the cube is sparse  , which generates many TTs decreasing the size of CURE and BU-BST. Since the goal is to offer only high quality suggestions  , we only need to find pairs of queries whose similarity score is above a threshold. Recent investigations that employ a user's search and browse actions to influence search personalization include those based on: a user's location 1  , a user's history of search activity 25  , the ability of a user to read at differing levels of complexity 8 and patterns of re-finding the same search result 31. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. Once the vectors containing the top results for the two compared texts are retrieved  , cosine similarity between the two vectors is computed to measure their similarity. In particular  , AutoBlackTest uses Q-learning. 2shows that the actuator signal  , r d   , can be reconstructed from the control input signal U and the identified actuator transfer function H . So  , the query offers opportunities for optimization. GA is a search procedure that uses random choices 8 a guide tool through a coding in the parameter space 9-131. However  , the computational expense and availability of comparable expansion collections should be considered. Section 4 of this paper proposes an alternate transfer function which has a well-defined relative degree even as the number of modes approaches infinity. It reflects the sentiment " mass" that can be attributed to factor zj. The pattern was initially mounted on a tripod and arbitrarily placed in front of the stereo head Fig. A random forest has many nice characteristics that make it promising for the problem of name disambiguation. The intent of any input query is identified through mapping the query into the Wikipedia representation space  , spanned by Wikipedia articles and categories. The task is to retrieve relevant tweet documents for each provided query. To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method  , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. Packaging: not relevant  , usually all routines are linked together in one executable program  , but overlays and dynamic linkage libraries are stored separately. The learning rate and hyperparameters of factor models are searched on the first training data. It means that outside users can never make sure which one of k property values an entity e is certainly associated with  , except when they are be able to exclude k − 1 values from them using some external knowledge .  We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. The waveform is split into frames often computed every 10-25 milliseconds ms using an overlapping window of 5-10 ms 9. LCE is a robust query expansion technique based on MRF- IR. The search box and button  , allowing the user to enter a textual query and start a search 3. We note that in our setting  , we do not ask directly for rankings because the increased complexity in the task both increases noise in response and interferes with the fast-paced excitement of the game. Table 3 gives the mean over the 50 trials of the Pearson correlation between the per-topic estimate and goldstandard values of R  , the number of relevant documents. Specifically  , a sentence consisting of a mentioned location set and a term set is rated in terms of the geographic relevance to location and the semantic relevance to tag   , as   , where Then  , given a representative tag   , we generate its corresponding snippets by ranking all the sentences in the travelogue collection according to the query " " . We argue that the above conclusion does not hold in general. The cases differ by the time required  , the people participating the workshops and the techniques used in the workshops. The outputs are then used as input to a Support Vector Machine  , that combines optimally the different cue contributions. Meanwhile   , other machine learning methods can also reach the accuracy more than 0.83. A simpler  , faster subset of this approach is to perform pattern matching based on features. This way  , we find a cluster of a particular size that is composed solely from whiskers. A pair where the first candidate is better than the second belongs to class +1  , and -1 otherwise. The second optimization exploits the concept of strong-token. For this query and many others  , such a finding guarantees that the query result is empty. Schema knowledge is used to rewrite a query into a more efficient one. The OTM model is able to take advantage of statistical foundation of PLSA without losing orthogonal property of LSA. A secondary goal of this study is to go beyond previous work by assigning a discrete grade to each essay   , and by measuring exact agreement with the human raters. Virtual targets are predicted using input-output maps implemented efficiently by means of a k-d tree short for k-dimensional tree a  , 91. We will give a brief summary of the random forest c1assifier. Time-dependent synonyms will be used for a temporal search  , or a search taking into account a temporal dimension  , i.e. Although we pointed out the scalability bottleneck associated with sorting the postings in the reducer  , in actuality  , there is no principled reason why this needs to be an in-memory sort. NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also memorizes whether a user clicked on the first document. Although it is not possible to avoid deadends completely during the search  , we can minimize the probability of encountering deadends based on the measure developed here. Digital items of this type represent cohesive semantic units that may be substantial in size  , requiring extensive effort to assess for relevance. As a search strategy  , A* search enriched by ballooning has been proposed. Bindings link to a PatternParameter and a value through the :parameter and :bindingValue properties respectively. Although uol. In order to incorporate the curiosity information   , we create a user-item curiousness matrix C with the same size as R  , and each entry cu ,i denotes u's curiousness about item i. 10 reported an ontology-based information extraction system  , MultiFlora. This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. In this section  , we show how to normalize a tRDF database — later  , in Section 6  , we will show experimentally that normalization plays a big part in evaluating queries efficiently at the expense of a small increase in the storage space. The mined query pairs were then used as query suggestions for each other. The most obvious approach to CLIR is by either translating the queries into the language of the target documents or translating the documents into the language of the queries. By projecting images into S  , cross-media relevance can be computed. The fitting constraint keeps the model parameters fit to the training data whereas the regularizers avoid overfitting  , making the model generalize better 7. They efficiently exploit hBtorical information to speculate on new search nodes with expected improved performance. A reformulation node is chosen based on a modified form of best-first search. However  , such structural join approaches often induce large intermediate results which may severely limit the query efficiency. The authors' experience is similar to ours in that ESC/Java used without annotating testee code produces too many spurious warnings to be useful alone. We use Bo1 model 11 to get query expansion words. , June 5 to 11. For this setting  , the chart in Figure 9b depicts the average times to execute the BSBM query mix; furthermore  , the chart puts the measures in relation to the times obtained for our engine with a trust value cache in the previous experiment. This is one of the most common techniques used for kinematically redundant systems. Clicking on a picture launches the visual similarity search. Second  , if the learning rate is low enough to prevent the overwriting of good information  , it takes too long to unlearn the incorrect portion of the previously learned policy. For each user engagement proxy  , we trained a random forest RF classifier using the feature set described in Section 4.2. This generated a total of 34 problem evaluations  , consisting of 3060 suggested concepts/keywords. In particular  , users' querying behavior their " talk "  is a more limited source of predictive signal than their browsing behavior their " walk " . For example  , if users jump to Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. For the query expansion  , we use the top 5 most frequent terms of the summary already produced. Sort-merge join uses little memory for the actual join except when there are many rows with the same value for the join columns. For illustration purpose a sample optimization was demonstrated. The classifier was trained to be conservative in handling the Non-Relevant categorization. As more domain knowledge used to guide the search  , less real data and planning steps are required. Our results show that query expansion on Title and Description fields with appropriate weighting can yield better performance. Pattern matching approaches are widely used because of their simplicity. From the query and retrieval point of view  , different query formulation strategies such as the manual query expansion and automatic query expansion also referred as semantic search have been systematically performed and evaluated. To achieve consistent improvement in all queries we worked in a selective query expansion framework. Mardy and Dar- wish 12 provide results for the OCR of Arabic text  , using confusion matrices based on training data from the Arabic documents. where Centroid_weight denotes the statistical weight obtained by the centroid based method and Pattern_weight is the weight of soft pattern matching. Compared with the baseline  , the performances for all K > 1 were significantly improved  , and the best performance was obtained when using K = 500. The heading is then modified so that the robot moves towards the stronger reading. Depending on the delay condition  , HERB either simultaneously released the block no delay or waited until its head was fully turned and then released the block delay  , Fig- ure 2. But the use of random reflections has been limited to bouncing. Similar to before  , users were asked to give a rating of the usefulness of each search result on a 5-point Likert scale. In our system  , query expansion is added automatically to improve the retrieval accuracy. Further adding information about the crowd-indicated category gives us an extremely accurate model with an accuracy of 0.88. Interestingly  , for the topic law and informatization/computerization 1719 we see that the Dutch translation of law is very closely related. In some cases a topic could be either a known item or a general search depending on whether the submitting group indicated the results when submitting the topic. In our implementation  , we use the alternating optimization for its amenability for the cold-start settings. So they may help improve CLIR by leveraging the relevant queries frequently used by users. , trajectories collected during these experiments or simulations . This behavior is quite similar to stochastic gradient descent method and is empirically acceptable. The method proposed in this paper is completely automatic and no manual effort is required to the user. The hierarchical search makes use of the Lucene Boolean operator to join: a UMLS concept search  , appropriate Topic type word search e.g. The distinction between search and target concept is especially important for asymmetric similarity. Unlike these continuous space language models 30  , 31  , CLSM can project multi-word variable length queries into the embedding space. It also and provides typical compression of the dataset of 10-100 times over memory-based methods. wik means the number of points that located in the k-th bin. After conducting all four searches  , participants completed an exit questionnaire. In the automatic query expansion mode  , the expansion terms are added directly to each of the original query terms with the Boolean OR operator  , before the query is sent to the Lucene index. exMax: maximum memory for an external merge. , the lack of access pattern privacy usually allows for statistical attacks compromising data confidentiality . The most concept-consistent searchers behaved like Fidel's 1984Fidel's    , 1990 conceptualist searchers and usually selected a search strategy where they planned to start their search with fewer search concepts than other searchers. d We introduce a novel method for query expansion based on the query recommendation tree. Caching is an important optimization in search engine architectures . As there is no analytical method available for the solution of differential equations  , the problem is solved by numerical method. In addition to the official numbers obtained with query expansion using both BRF and PBRF  , the results for the 3 other configurations no query expansion  , query expansion with BRF and query expansion with PBRF are also provided. The knowledge offered by a learning object LO i and the prerequisites required to reach that LO are denoted LO i and PR i respectively. Substituting this into the relation for Ci and simplifying gives  , This is still a nondimensional equation. The current Web is largely document-centric hypertext. In this section we describe the methods that we use to compute the similarity between pairs of search tasks  , how we mine similar tasks  , and the features that we generate for ranking. Figure 2gives the results for memory sizes ranging from l/10 of R in memory to all of R in memory. It can also be used with traditional multiple-query optimization MQO schemes. We retrieve documents with the expanded query˜qquery˜ query˜q  , which provides us with a retrieval score per document. In such a case there is one dominant direction  , which is reflected in one slot  , see figure 3 -d. The advising orientation depends on the pq-histogram quadrant where the peak is found. Variants of such measures have also been considered for similarity search and classification 14. The salient feature in timeld-automata formalism that is clocks enable us to refine the models and hence enhance our ability to address additional issues such as optimal solutions with respect to time or steps for a coordination problem involving different robots with different dynamic behaviours. Secondly  , many query optimizers work on algebraic representations of queries  , and try to optimize the order of operations to minimize the cost while still computing an algebraically equivalent query. But they are not consecutive  , and with a second resolution  , the problem disappears. For MR-TDSSM  , we implemented two LSTMs in different rates  , where the fast-rate LSTM uses daily signals and the slow-rate LSTM uses weekly signals. They show that the transfer function parameters vary smoothly in the work space as a function of the joint positions  , velocities  , and accelerations. Query expansion addresses this problem by adding to the query extra terms with a similar meaning or some other statistical relation to the set of relevant documents. Characterizing predictability. Generating this predicate from scratch is challenging. The result shows that the structure completely supports regular expression functions and the Snort rule set at the frequency of 3.68GHz. We treat merge joins as three different operations. For the brand related searches  , we identified the most salient brand associated with each advertisement and define a brand search either target or control as a search that includes the brand name. Further examination indicated that Dutch  , Spanish  , and Italian were good choices as pivot languages since they offered the next best coverage in EuroWordNet. From the results we can see that  , on all of the three datasets and in terms of the five diversity evaluation metrics   , our approaches R-LTR-NTN plsa   , R-LTR-NTN doc2vec   , PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa   , and PAMM-NTNα-NDCG doc2vec  can outperform all of the baselines. Below  , we vary this bound and see how it influences the correlation between o✏ine metrics and interleaving. For instance  , dynamic possibilities for creating and referencing objects are desirable in implementation languages  , but are excluded from Unity  , in order to keep the associated programming logic simple. A similar situation arises when data is added to the system . Translation experiments and CLIR experiments are based on the CLEF topic titles C041-C200  , which are capitalized  , contain stopwords and full word forms. In our case  , the closed position loop transfer function of one motor is approximated by a first order system : Winding motors can have a very small response time  , but in the general case  , the motor position control loop cannot be neglected in the full open loop transfer function of one mode. However  , the data points of the CP pattern are related to a corresponding edge of a CAD model. Relevance and redundancy were measured by Pearson Correlation Coefficients. Thus similar titles will appear approximately in the same column  , with the better scoring titles towards the top. Next  , we replace the digits in the candidate with a special character and obtain a regular expression feature. Next  , we describe our deep learning model and describe our experiments. Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. The SCQ pre-retrieval over queries predictor scores queries with respect to a corpus also using a tf.idf-based similarity measure 53 . The property verification is restricted to the users that belong to the specified class  , and that matches the regular expression in the scope of the property. , " Who is the mayor of Berlin ? " Each single dimensional optimization problem is solved using a simple line search. For the single stance motion  , we modify the animation motion to be suitable for the robot by 1 keeping the stance foot flat on the ground  , and 2 mapping the motion in the Euclidean space into the robot's configuration space. The Jacobian matrix mapping the joint and the operational vector spaces of the fully-isotropic T3R2-type parallel manipulators presented in this paper is the identity 5×5 matrix throughout the entire workspace. Figure 5.1 shows that there was a big difference in accuracy between interest-based initial hub selection and random initial hub selection. This is an interesting result  , because although they perceived it as less safe  , they trusted it more when it comes to an economic game. a given query node to Orn time  , thus needing Orn 2  time for all-pairs SimRank. A more recent study by Navigli and Velardi examined the use of expansion terms derived from WordNet 10  , coming to the conclusion that the use of gloss words for query expansion achieved top scores for the precision@10 measure  , outmatching query expansion by synsets and hyperonyms  , for example. To increase the chance of forming a good solution we repeat the random walk or trial a number of times  , each time beginning with a random initial feasible solution. Unfortunately  , the correct recursive function to induct upon is obscured by the many irrelevant terms in the hypothesis. Continued growth depends on understanding the creative motivations and challenges inherent in this industry  , but the lack of collections focused on game development documentation is stifling academic progress. Instead of joins  , the optimiser must now enumerate G-Joins  , and must position G-Aggs  , G-Restricts  , Projects   , and Delta-Projects relative to the G-Jo&. q Layered or spiral approaches to learning that permit usage with minimal knowledge. 4. jmignore: automatic run using language model with Jelinek-Mercer smoothing  , query expansion  , and full-text search. More generally  , pattern annotations control the scope of the pattern match. In that sense  , BMEcat2GoodRelations is to the best of our knowledge the only solution developed with open standards  , readily available to both manufacturers and retailers to convert product master data from BMEcat into structured RDF data suitable for publication and consumption on the Web of Data. The extraction can be done using simple pattern matching or state-of-the-art entity extractors. But most of those ranking functions are manually designed by experts based on heuristics  , experience  , observations  , and statistical theories. First  , we introduce some additional notation to be used in this section: T start denotes the initial temperature parameter in simulated annealing  , f T < 1 denotes the multiplicative factor by which the temperature goes down every I T iterations and N is the number of samples drawn from the stationary distribution. In this paper  , we have shown that its is possible to search all statistically significant rules in a reasonable time. The speedup is calculated as the query execution time when the optimization is not applied divided by the optimized time. In that sense  , we have presented a new framework for integrating external predicates into Datalog. We then change our focus to study the theoretical complexity of indexing uncertainty  , and argue that there is no formerly known optimal solution that is applicable to this problem. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. Traverse the measure graph starting at m visiting all finer measures using breadth-first search. These results confirm our expectation. The answer passage retrieval component is fully unsupervised and relies on some scoring model to retrieve most relevant answer passages for a given question. Our approach is feature-based similarity search  , where substring features are used to measure the similarity. The other methods such as LIF and LIB*TF emphasize term frequency in each document and  , with the ability to associate one document to another by assigning term weights in a less discriminative manner  , were able to achieve better recalls. deg.  We present an experimental evaluation  , demonstrating that our approach is a promising one. In this example   , the SQL optimizer is called on the outer query block  , and the SEQUIN optimizer operates on the nested query block. This method estimates the probability P Q that a user searches a query Q based on both global search history and user search history  , which is P Q|G used in our model in Section 4.2.2. Performing a similarity search query on an LSH index consists of two steps: 1 using LSH functions to select " candidate " objects for a given query q  , and 2 ranking the candidate objects according to their distances to q. The mapped functions embed as much type information as possible into their function bodies from the given query. As well  , the problems in determining the relative degree of this transfer function are discussed in Section 3. A softmax regressor layer is connected to FC9 to output the label of input samples. we can both reduce the search space and avoid many erroneous mappings between homonyms in different parts of speech. However  , RML provides in addition an operator for transitive closure  , an operator for regular-expression matching   , and operators for comparison of relations  , but does not include functions. We then select the subtopic terms from the PLSA subtopic  , which are most semantically similar to the connected subtopic candidates of ontology. It encompasses cultural heritage generally and is envisaged as 'semantic glue' mediating between different sources and types of information. This is only used to select positively classified test points. However   , for hash joins optimizing memory usage is likely to be more significant thau CPU load balancing in marry cases and must therefore be considered for dynamic load balaucii in multi-user mode. Note that RT  gives us an effective procedure for constructing the transaction automaton. The parameterized query expansion method proposed in this paper addresses these limitations. In an evaluation  , the authors found that the inclusion of different types of contextual information associated with an exception can enhance the accuracy of recommendations. An example of a query group is inurl:/includes/joomla.php a-z{3 ,7} Here  , the attacker is searching for sites where the URL contains a particular string. Do other elements affect the evaluation of a search engine's performance ? The average pooling of word embedding vector utilizes word embeddings in a low-dimensional continuous space where relevant words are close to each other. One page less of memory will result in another merge step. In fact  , a class profile can be seen as an approximative unigram Language Model for the documents in that particular class. In the logical query DAG LQDAG  , due to the sharing of common subexpressions  , the mapping of parameters to the level of the query block that binds it cannot be fixed statically for each logical equivalence node. When the action to be taken is considered the first step of a longer sequence  , computing the utility function may involve motion planning  , or even game-tree search  , if reactions of other objects are taken into account. 2 The software necessary for these systems is quite simple. The average dimension was approximately about 6000 states. Thus the forward kinematics  , given the actuator states  , is not necessarily a unique mapping. Consider a software system that is modeled by its inheritance and containment graphs  , and the task is to analyze how many instances of the design pattern Composite are used in the design of the system. For the query expansion component  , we adopt twostage PRF query expansion with HS selection strategy. Finally  , we applied data mining DM techniques based on grammar-guided genetic programming GGGP to create reference models useful for defining population groups. The track contained two tasks  , a discussion search task and a search-for-experts task. This result is consistent with previous work 24  , and demonstrates the positive effect of query expansion  , even when multiple query concept types are used. Figure 8shows an example of this technique in action.  We propose two optimizations based on semantic information like object and property  , which can further enhance the query performance. Binomial tests were used to analyze whether behaviors under the APS condition was perceived more natural than the IPS condition H3. In this paper  , to resolve the problems in conventional methods  , a template matching which is accompanied with projective transformation is proposed. Our optimization strategies are provably good in some scenarios  , and serve as good heuristics for other scenarios where the optimization problem is NP-hard. Thus we suggest a method for optimizing these parameters by maximizing Pearson correlation between ERR and a target online click metric. There is one Map instance for each ExprXlass in the logical search space. Our indexing structure simply consists of l such LSH Trees  , each constructed with an independently drawn random sequence of hash functions from H. We call this collection of l trees the LSH Forest. To get around this inter-dcpcndency problem  , we can decompose the problem into two parts and take an itcrativc approach. Thus  , it is most beneficial for the search engine to place best performing ads first. As a result  , the PREfast analyses are inexpensive  , accounting for negligible percentage of compile time. Some of the earliest work in CLIR was done by Salton 17 and Pevzner 13 who used thesauri to index and retrieve documents written in multiple languages. The collected data could be used for generating unexplored movement and for reaching unexplored positions in the action space. According to the preceding calculations  , both procedures will yield exactly the same ranking. The resulting model further increased performance by a +22% in terms of the Pearson correlation coefficient  , and +12.88% for K. Tau. The distance computation can be performed via dynamic programming in time O|x||y|. , near duplicates are assigned to the same hash value with a high probability p 1 . Then query optimization takes place in two steps. We then calculate the Shannon Entropy Shannon et al. The tool compares extracted EUC models to our set of template EUC interaction patterns that represent valid  , common ways of capturing EUC models for a wide variety of domains. Our search engine has access to copies of 3DWare- house and the PSB and can find models by geometric similarity  , original tags  , or autotags. The idea of having bilingual contexts for each pivot word in each pseudo-bilingual document will steer the final model towards constructing a shared inter-lingual embedding space. Initially a random search strategy is used in which the profile of the object is placed at a series of ten random locations within the bounds of the substrate profile and the resultant total error for the difierence surface recorded in each case. A learning method which optimizes for accuracy would choose h2 since that results in a higher accuracy score  , but this yields a suboptimal MAP score. The configuration space approach  , for example  , is computationally very expensive. As it is well known in the IR literature  , query expansion helps to address the problem of word ambiguity. We call a search in such environments F-search  , and argue that these environments result in a distinct set of information needs and search patterns. Some of them are deep cost of learning and large size of action-state space. The method basically provides a recursive framework to construct a Lyapunov function and corresponding control action for the system stabilization. In other cases  , the LIWC categories were different enough from the dataset that model chose not to use topics with ill-fitting priors  , e.g. All the scores are significantly greater compared to the baseline NoDiv in Table 4. Our approach is to do local optimization of the resolvents of late bound functions and then define DTR in terms of the locally optimized resolvents. A strong recovery is defined as user doing a search with non-zero recall on which she clicks on at least one result item after the zero recall search is done. As with any program synthesis technique which fundamentally involve search over exponential spaces  , the cost of our technique is also worst case exponential in the size of the DSL. optimization cost so far + execution cost is minimum. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: we present our training and testing data in Section 2  , and our weighting criteria in Section 3. It was shown that the perfomance of simulated annealing using the metric developed in this paper performs better than with another cost function which seeks to maximize the number of overlapping modules. The task in the CLIR track is an ad hoc retrieval task in which the documents are in one language and the topics are in a different language. The core problem in developing an efficient disk-based index is to lay out the prefix tree on disk in such a fashion as to minimize the number of disk accesses required to navigate down the tree for a query  , and also to minimize the number of random disk seeks required for all index operations. We observe a general trend showing that grasp quality is increased and variance reduced as the number of levels is increased. They went on to characterize the geometry of their projective image space. In 16 Hahn et al. sKDD transforms the original numerical temporal sequences into symbolic sequences  , defines a symbolic isokinetics distance SID that can be used to compare symbolic isokinetics sequences   , and provides a method  , SYRMO  , for creating symbolic isokinetics reference models using grammar-guided genetic programming. the center of the proposed alignments are product details and product-related business details. For simplicity  , we only discuss CLIR modeling in this section. Our future work will include an extension to the the temporal summarization scheme to model temporally varying attributes and an investigation of alternative kernels and relational models. This mapping has two main advantages.  the query optimization problem under the assumption that each call to a conjunctive solver has unit cost and that the only set operation allowed is union. The rewrite applies only to single block selection queries. , in speech-enabled devices  , where the answer can be spoken back to the user. Ogden and Davis 19 were among the first to study the utility of CLIR systems in interactive settings. Currently  , Google provides code search which can help users search publicly accessible source code hosted on the Internet 7. Finally  , the time complexity of IMRank is OnT dmax log dmax  , where T is the number of iterations IMRank takes before convergence. Fcwcr pages for the heap-sort results in more merge passes; and fewer pages for the hash probiug may result in thrashing. The Clarke-Tax approach ensures that users have no incentive to lie about their true intentions. 6demonstrates the fact that more than 60% of features are zero when the sparsity constraint is utilized in the autoencoder combined with the ReLU activation function. Keyword search in databases has some unique characteristics   , which make the straightforward application of the random walk model as described in previous work 9  , 19  , 27  inadequate. We are interested in realizing: whether this nice characteristic makes it possible for the bilingual translations of a large number of unknown query terms to be automatically extracted; and whether the extracted bilingual translations if any can effectively improve CLIR performance. To start a search in Visual MeSH  , the user can select to lookup concepts from either MetaThesaurus or MEDLINE. In particular  , each example is represented by two types of inputs. Recall that we had 4 experts for The Simpsons and 3 for all other topics. This confirms that determining what is the most appropriate search parameter depends greatly on the type of results desired. In Section 5  , we make conclusions. 6 analyzed the potential of page authority by fitting an exponential model of page authority. Specifically  , the <VisualDescriptor> tags  , in the figure  , contain scalable color  , color layout  , color structure  , edge histogram  , homogeneous texture information to be used for image similarity search. While our method of analyzing procedures has been motivated by the desire to Rave no restrictions on storage sharing and to proceed with minimal a-priori specifications about the program  , it allows us to model such language features as generic modes  , procedLre variables  , parameters of type procedure  , a simulated callby-name parameter mechanism and a user-accessible evaluating function. In this article  , we presented a novel method for automatic query expansion based on query logs. During testing phase  , the texture fea­ ture extracted from the image will be classified by the support vector machine. , we counted the appearances of semantic concepts in the service collection and derived the probabilities from this observation. 2 The impact of query expansion on web retrieval. Regular expression patterns are used to identify tags  , references  , figures  , tables  , and punctuations at the beginning or the end of a retrieved passage in order to remove them. Because the number of model parameters to be learned grows in accordance with K  , the acquired functions might not perform well when sorting unseen objects due to over-fitting. On the other hand  , LSTM-based methods LSTM-only and LSTM-DSSM failed to outperform  the DSSM model  , which indicates that ignoring the longterm user interests may not lead to optimal performance. Figure 4 shows the relative English-French CLIR effectiveness as compared to the monolingual French baseline. We conclude with literature review in Section 8 and discussion. More specifically  , we enumerated all queries that could be expanded from the considered query. Accent  , Punctuation  , Firstname  , Name Authority  Edit  , Sort Same  , Merge  , Delete  , Undo  Fold and Expand We will eventually explore all of these through a selection of examples using a variety of digital library systems. The template of a character is represented by a dot pattern on the 50*50 grid. Significantly different Pearson correlations from Sum # Postings are denoted *. The comparison is based on Hamming Embedding  , which compresses a descriptor's 64 floating numbers into a single 64-bit word while preserving the ability to estimate the distance between descriptors. The task we have defined is to travel to a destination while obeying gait constraints. ,2 ,4 has involved the inverse kinematics -the direct mapping from the workspace to the joint space -for kinematically redundant manipulators. where w i is the hypothesis obtained after seeing supervision S 1   , . Afterwards  , the location of eye can be measured by detecting a agreement part with the paltern matching model in the eye image input. We apply evolution strategy ES19' to VTM to improve the precision of landmark recognition. The combination of our approach with the MT system leads to a high effectiveness of 105% of that of monolingual IR. The initial inter-beat length is estimated by taking the autocorrelation over the detected onsets. For large graphs like ours  , there are no efficient solutions to determine if two graphs are physically identical . Figure 2shows a snipping of the search result from Bing Search page for query " Saving Private Ryan "   , a famous movie. Mutually recursive functions can be handled easily  , since we can always transform a set of mutually recursive functions into a single recursive function with an additional " selection " parameter. In the within-project setting i.e. A book has an introduction  , a number of chapters  , a bibliography and chapter parent title same " Architecture "   , is the set of all chapters of all books titled " Architecture " . Similar to the mapping on a basis the mapping on a dictionary takes as input a data space element and outputs a coordinate vector. Hildebrandt et al. The β values are tuned via hill climbing based on the hybrid NDCG values of the final ranking lists merged from different rankers. We induce m language models  , one per hashtag. 5.2. The search module exhaustively retrieved the documents which contained any terms/phrases composing the query. The manipulability polytope is also more practical when the maximum velocity and/or torque of each joint is given. However  , ranks and orders are not intrinsic to the the basic relational model. All t-SNE projections contain a large number of clusters of different density and size that group vector states by their similarities in the vector state space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . CollabSeer is built based on CiteSeerX dataset. Suppose we have the variational distribution: Therefore  , we carry out variational EM. Examples are presented to demonstrate the computational and the corresponding regional transformation: We randomly select 80% nodes as the training set and the rest as the testing set. We have shown an efficient and robust method for recomputing 3-d Minkowski sums of convex polyhedra under rotation. The only difference was that it had far fewer relevant documents than the rest  , making it more likely to amplify random differences in user search strategies. Yet  , in the CQA domain  , the differences are vast. The first one is the residual-based stiffness estimator in 14. First  , since soil is not rigid  , a C-space representation of natural terrain has very high dimensionality. This technique is now routinely used in speech retrieval 7  , but we are not aware of its prior use for CLIR. More recently  , Brewington & Cybenko consider the burden that modification rates place on search engines 9 . In the past query-expansion on web-results has been shown to be useful for ad retrieval2. 31 described a system for Mandarin Chinese voice search and reported " excellent performance on typical spoken search queries under a variety of accents and acoustic conditions. " , the query. In Figure 2  , we show two examples of ranking modules both by estimated and actual number of post-release defects. Given a query template that is c1assified by the Random Forest  , we can not only predict its probability to afford a successful grasp but also make predictions about latent variables based on the training examples at the corresponding leaf nodes. The results in Table 2also show that the multi-probe LSH method is substantially more space and time efficient than the entropy-based approach. If the interaction starts on the conventional search system e.g. In the Collocation matching activity  , students compete in pairs to match parts of a collocation pattern. In the early days of the Web the lack of navigation plainness was considered as the navigation problem: users can get lost in a hyperspace and this means that  , when users follow a sequence of links  , they tend to become disoriented in terms of the goal of their original query and in terms of the relevance to their query of the information they are currently browsing 3. However  , local search may also return other entity types including sights and " points-of-interest " . To make the comparison fair  , we use the same starting points for PLSA and CTM. Therefore  , the results retrieved based on it are more relevant to the query than those retrieved by the CBR systems  , which rely on low-level features only. We find that the subspaces of s0 and s1 are well separated from the subspaces of sr computed at lower positions; the subspaces of s2 and s3 are also separated from the subspaces of sr computed for other ranks  , but have a significant overlap with each other. Also by merging smaller MDNs  , we increase the number of URLs corresponding to each central server  , which helps to generate more generic signatures. The size of a probabilistic mapping may be quite large  , since it essentially enumerates a probability distribution by listing every combination of events in the probability space. The theorem contains the condition thai the recursive function F be defined on a  , that the computation of Fa will terminate this condition is necessary for  , otherwise  , the iterative program will never terminate  , and therefore control will never reach finish at all. In traditional search engine architecture using HDD in the document servers  , the latency from receiving the query and document list from the web server to the return of the query result is dominated by the k random read operations that seek the k documents from the HDD see Figure 9a. Query optimization is a major issue in federated database systems. Each pair of connected subtopic candidates is an integrated subtopic. The image search logs were collected in the first two weeks of Nov. 2012. To our knowledge  , this is the first work that measures how often data is corrupted by database crashes. In 5  , as an alternative to ARMA models  , a frequency domain technique has been used to parameterize the transfer function of flexible link manipulators . In previous work we have shown how to use structural information to create enriched index pages 3 . Moreover  , we enhance our random walk model by a novel teleportation approach which lets us go beyond the original web graph by connecting pages that have a good chance of being influential for each other in terms of their search impact. The open angle bracket < is used as a special escape character  , hence we make sure that it does not appear in the source text  , which is either a question or a passage. In order to obtain actor and director information  , we downloaded relevant pages from the Internet Movie Database http://www.imdb.com. To find the stiffness relation between the joint space and the fingertip space  , it is first needed to consider the structure of finger in the hand. Those benefits are limited  , as in any other software technology  , by theoretical results. The wirtual obstacle is a continuum of points in I-space corresponding t o those arm positions in W-space at which the arm intersects some obstacles. If the content of a file is needed for character string operations such as a regular expression operation with the preg_match extension  , an FTCS object actually reads the file and stores its content in a form similar to an ordinary character string object. Section 5 shows some experiment results and we made our conclusion in Section 6. We use the output of FC7  , the second fully-connected layer  , which results in a feature vector of length F = 4096. The proposed methods LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF all outperformed TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision. Anchor text is an alternative data source for query reformulation . , SH and AGH  , we randomly sample 3000 data points as the training set; for the point-wise supervised method SSH  , we additionally sample 1000 data points with their concept labels; for the list-wise supervised methods i.e. Most characters match themselves. In addition  , it extends the lexica dynamically as it finds new taxonomic names in the documents. Introduction of Learning Method: "a-Learning" Althongh therc are several possible lcarning mcthods that could be used in this system  , we employed the Q-learning method 6. While it is possible to optimize objective functions by estimating the gradients lo  it is far more desirable to provide analytical gradients  , both for improving the performance of the optimizer 18  fewer computations of the cost function are needed and also to increase the accuracy of the gradient. We use it as a baseline to compare the usefulness of the pre-search context and user search history. In the following discussion we focus on the first type of selection  , that is  , discovering which digital libraries are the best places for the user to begin a search. In evaluations  , we only vary the definition pattern matching module while holding constant all other components and their parameters. In relational databases  , query rewriting over SQL views is straightforward as it only requires view expansion  , i.e. Second  , calculation of the control action aCL is typically extremely fast compared to calculating or approximating an entire action-value function Q*. We choose to traverse the tree using depth-first search DFS. 9 Source code is often paired with natural language statements that describe its behavior. However  , the performance can be improved by supplemental methods and by structuring of queries. The three formulae shown above define two binary and one unary operation on YxV. So we can retrieve related information by pattern matching using a subspace as a unit actually with some generic information in knowledge structure which contains more information than a predicate in logical formulas. , nested loops  , sort-merge. The search types known item search and general search are not as distinctive as their labels and different evaluation methods may suggest. Other important questions in this context that need to be explored are: How to choose classes ? The learning rate q determines how rapidly EG learns from each example. For space reasons  , here we just informally explain the mapping semantics by examining the two DTDs in Figure 1. We presented a novel framework for collecting  , storing  , and mining search logs in a distributed  , private  , and anonymous manner called CrowdLogging. This modified combine node uses the individual index scans on fragments to get sorted runs that are merged together to sort the entire relation. Thus  , the ecectllion space consists of the space of all join trees* for each equivalent query obtainrtl from Step 1 of optimization Section 4. They basically transfer gas from inlet to outlet. Since only the magnitude response is used  , the frequency domain identification method in 5 is only suitable for identifying minimum-phase transfer functions with slightly damped zeros such as the transfer function from the shaft velocity to tip acceleration. This shows that even if a high-quality MT system is available  , our approach can still lead to additional improvement. Semantic hashing 22 is proposed to address the similarity search problem within a high-dimensional feature space. Applying the research results in that area will be helpful. By incorporating 'anchor control' logic it is possible to operate some sub-sets of cascades in the unanchored mode  , sub-pattern matching mode  , variable precursor matching mode or a combination thereof. As an example of the use of stochastic dynamic programming for predicting and evaluating different actions see 2  , where planning of robot grinding tasks is studied. In principle  , the sub-optimal task sequence planning can be implemented by integrating the computation of the step motion times with simulated annealing. These solutions realize a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. And then we propose a probabilistic model based approach to explore the blended search problem. l □ When matching a URL with a pattern there are three outcomes: Let the displacement be the input and the output of the charge amplifier be the output. Basic quadruple pattern matching is not directly applicable  , if an expression " GRAPH γ " appears outside a complex triple pattern . To select the best source  , we define the criteria as follows: It partitions the data space into n clusters and selects a reference point Ki for each cluster Ci. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: This objective is well-suited to the general XFl ,problem. We call such allowable plans MHJ plans. In addition  , a heuristic to minimize the number of orientation changes  , trying to minimize the accumulated odometric error  , is also introduced. When a search engine has no or little knowledge of the user  , the best it can do may be to produce an output that reflects Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Many automatic query expansion techniques have been proposed. This problem can be formulated as longest common subsequence LCS problem 8. In SMART the Jacobian is used for a wide variety of variable mappings. The Fibonacci search technique is the most efficient of any restricted search 6. In this approach  , the first step is computing the similarities between the source user and other users. It then waits for all data sites to send their distribution tables. Then  , a regular expression is used to extract all abbreviations from the articles. Using example trajectories through the space allows us to easily incorporate human knowledge about how to perform a task in the learning system. Therefore  , our future work will focus on the creation of suitable test corpora and will measure different semantic techniques using manual inspection together with appropriate quality measures. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. Experimental results show that our approach outperforms the baseline methods and the existing systems. For the example mentioned above  , our code produces the regular expression fs.\.*\.impl. It is well known that adding " and " to regular expressions does not increase the expressive power of regular expressions but does permit more compact expressions see Chapter 3 exercises in 7 . We believe it achieves higher recall without losing precision of retrieval  , because documents usually have much more information than a query. The first context instance in Figure 1has a matching relation with the first pattern in Figure 2. Not every nondeterministic regular expression is equivalent to a deterministic one 15. Another approach to this problem is to use dynamic query optimization 4 where the original query plan is split into separately optimized chunks e.g. This provides modest evidence that exploiting temporal information can improve performance. 630 where Φ 1 and Φ 2 are relations representing variable assignments and their annotations. Allamanis and Sutton 3 trains n-gram language model a giga-token source code corpus. We strongly recommend the use of pre-translation expansion when dictionary-or corpus-based query translation is performed; in some instances this expansion can treble performance. Once the optimization procedure has selected a dig  , it can be mapped back to the joints of the excavator. Such techniques do not really capture any regularity in the paths within a DOM tree. Sensorless plans  , which must bring all possible initial orientations to the same goal orientation  , are generated using breadth-first search in the space of representative actions. This way it can significantly increase the number of prob­ lems for which a solution can be found. The Pearson correlation score derived from this formula is .538 which shows reasonably high correlation between the manual and automatic performance scores and  , as a result  , justifies the use of automatic evaluation when manual evaluation is too expensive e.g. The step in the L2 misses-curve depicts the effect of caching on repeated sequential access: Tables that fit into the cache have to be loaded only once during the top-level iteration of quicksort . The CLEF evaluation campaigns are  , probably  , the largest and most comprehensive research initiative for CLIR; but they are far from being complete. This Figure 4: Use of case inheritance search travels upwards in the hierarchy  , i.e. To evaluate the quality of our implicit transcripts  , we collected a random sample of voice queries impressions submitted to Bing search engine during November 2014 and transcribed them implicitly. This fact means that these two categories are strongly connected to haptic information  , and granularities of these categories are different. The proposed method uses a nullspace vector in the velocity mapping between the q-space and the u-space to guarantee the continuity in the joint velocities. Only over pLSA in MovieLens we observe mixed results  , with xQuAD producing better values on α-nDCG and nDCG-IA respectively  , while RxQuAD is best on ERR-IA  , and pure diversity –as measured by S-precision@r and S-recall. The time derivative of the fuiiction is where b is arbitrary. Herein  , we measure retrieval performance using average precision AP@k; i.e. The last LSTM decoder generates each character  , C  , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128  , ht−1  , for the next time-step prediction. We are currently working on improving class membership detection. We experimentally address the question of how many example strings are needed to learn a regular expression with crx and iDTD. Two nodes va  , v b are connected from va to v b if the corresponding element e ab ∈ E is greater than α. Our results confirmed our intuition. In the paper of Wang and Vidyasagar 5  , it is shown that an alternate transfer function can be chosen which has the property that  , if a given beam is sufficiently rigid or if the hub inertia is sufficiently small  , the transfer function is passive. Focused crawlers are programs designed to selectively retrieve Web pages relevant to a specific domain for the use of domainspecific search engines and digital libraries. Notice that both measures are hard to compute over massive graphs: naive personalization would require on the fly power iteration over the entire graph for a user query; naive SimRank computation would require power iteration over all pairs of vertices. For each example  , a judge is asked to infer the user's search intent based on qt as well as the context c. Then ,  We propose and study the task of detecting local text reuse at the semantic level. Another group of approaches measure the classification uncertainty of a test example by how far the example is away from the classification boundary i.e. Our study melds the two approaches by analyzing library corpora for use in query expansion in the digital library OPAC. the Shannon entropy 15  , 16. By fitting the output of our proposed model to the real bid change logs obtained from commercial search engines   , we will be able to learn these parameters  , and then use the learned model to predict the bid behavior change in the future. The GROC and CROC graphs together point out that the aspect model has nearly identical global GROC performance to the heuristic recommender while actually recommending to a more diverse group of people . In a second experiment  , our goal was to estimate which of the topics has 10% or less of their aspects covered by the document collection. directly applied traditional hashing methods for similarity search  , and significant speedup e.g. Classification results were similar for a number of prediction models. Thus  , we compute the average value of stage assignmentsˆsementsˆ mentsˆse for event e i.e. The search results are displayed in the standard output window in Visual Studio sorted in decreasing order based on similarity values between the query keywords and the respective methods. It can be seen that the classifiers that produced the best results were the Random Forest classifier for the HTML features  , the J48 classifier for the Java- Script features  , and the J48 classifier for the URL-and host-based features. Among the nested loops methods  , the sequential ones have higher disk costs than the pipelined methods due to the storage and retrieval of the received relation; this is especially true for the sequential join case SJNL  , which builds an index on the received relation at S ,. Both MedThresh and ITQ are implemented as in 37. Edit distance captures the amount of overlap between the queries as sequences of symbols and have been previously used in information retrieval 4  , 14  , 28. Figure 2gives an example of image similarity search. A search token is a sequence of characters defining a pattern for matching linguistic tokens. Each latency value 0ms  , 250ms  , ..  , 1750ms was introduced five times and in a random order  , in combination with 40 randomly selected navigational queries. A best first search without backtracking should be effective if the pedestrian templates we take distribute averagely. 0 Motion prediction. There have been many studies on this problem. , keeping all incomplete PTs that are likely to yield an opiimal solution. The grasp synthesis procedure can be viewed as a search procedure ll. Due to space limitation  , the detailed results are ignored. The final output is the quantified expression Q.g re . First  , we have implemented generic non-ontological extraction components such as person name identifier and regular expression extractor. Each URL not matching any patterns is regarded as a single pattern. Figure 6shows the measured and fitted transfer function from motor to camera position  , lated response of the motor position and the camera position respectively. After performing topic-bridged PLSA  , we can exploit training data and test data simultaneously. The semantic gap between two views of Wiki is quite large. As already pointed out  , our model for document similarity is based on a combination of geographic and temporal information to identify events. A more efficient implementation of SSSJ would feed the output of the merge step of the TPIE sort directly into the scan used for the plane-sweep  , thus eliminating one write and one read of the entire data. In particular  , we will test how well our approach carries over to different types of domains. This can be considered as positive impact of the robot's behavior because according to the theory presented in 17 which is graphically summarized in Figure 2  , it is preferable to keep humans in a moderate stress level. The resulting frequency spectra are plotted for pitch and roll in Fig. search engine as a mandatory building block : in the setting of a commercial search engine  , the only resource you can afford " for free " is the search engine itself . was executed. That means the in memory operation account for significant part in the evaluation cost and requires further work for optimization. The DTW distance between time series is the sum of distances of their corresponding elements. From this we can also expect that the image feature extraction error is within the range 5 to 15 pixels. We show the feasibility of our proposed system with experimental results. The most likely k terms according to the relevance model generate the expansion candidates. It typically starts by translating the function body as if the inner call does nothing.  WMD  , a word embedding-based framework using the Word Mover's Distance 15  to measure the querydocument relevance  , based on a word embedding vector set trained from Google News 19. We use a search query log of approximately 15 million distinct queries from Microsoft Live Search. Due to its popularity and success in the previous studies  , it is used as the baseline approach in our study. Another possible solution to the problem of translation ambiguity is by using word sense disambiguation. To validate the above strategy  , we collect two groups of more than 140K samples from the search API  , users whose name match popular and unpopular < 1000 users surnames   , in Sep 2012. Most robotics related applications of game theory have focused on game theory's traditional strategy specific solution concepts 5. The evaluation is given every 1 second. Although catalog management schemes are of great practical importance with respect to the site auton- omy 14  , query optimization 15  , view management l  , authorization mechanism 22   , and data distribution transparency 13  , the performance comparison of various catalog management schemes has received relatively little attention 3  , 181. Moreover  , personalization of music similarity can be easily enabled in related applications  , where end users with certain information needs in a particular context are able to specify their desirable dimensions to retrieve similar music items. However  , the degrees of improvement are not similar for all the query sets. The " directions " of these matrices show the forward mapping of velocity from one space to another. The remaining documents have voting patterns different from any of the selected cluster signatures. The unique mapping maps the energies of each DoF V θ ,ψi with the appropriate phases to the force trajectory F p ,x t by neglecting the influence of handle motion ˙ r. The energies V θ ,ψi and phases ϕ θ ,ψi span a transformed state space. Affiliation of a person to a team is represented with the inteam edge  , and social connection is represented with the knows edge in the semantic graph. The controller is an 11th order transfer function  , which can not be found by PID control. 12 and Jones et al. Another difficult issue only briefly mentioned in our previous presentation  , was the constraint that the robots had to end up in specific locations. By comparing the retrieved documents  , the user can easily evaluate the performance of different search engines. The sharp pixel proportion is the fraction of all pixels that are sharp. The analog circuit for transfer function 28 and also software procedure 30 were realized. Figure 1presents a typical scenario where faceted search is useful with an expert search. Furthermore  , the question of whether the benefit brought by genetic programming can balance the cost caused by fitness evaluations is not addressed. We have suggested the virtual angle of rotation as an alternative noncollocated output for the control of a SFL. This allows for real-time reward learning in many situations  , as is shown in Section IV . defined in Section II-D with each g re from the set of regular expression templates RELib˜pRELib˜ RELib˜p . It is only if the cluster's space is covered by more than one plan  , that there will be an error in prediction because all the queries mapping to this cluster will be assigned the plan associated with the query leader. Imagine for example a search engine which enables contentbased image retrieval on the World-Wide Web. 5: ROC curves for the datasets a Medium b Large c All . But s/he has no idea about which of the many possible databases to search. However  , our problem space is arguably larger  , because relevant candidate tags may not even appear in the document  , while candidate queries are most likely bounded in the document term space in keyword-based search. In general  , mining specifications through pattern matching produces a large result set. the input threshold. A click on a particular Stage I  , II  , or III lymphoma case evokes the ad hoc similarity search which results in the interactive mapping suggestion displayed in figure 6. We also studied the impact of spelling normalization and stemming on Arabic CLIR. The Indri toolkit www.lemurproject.org was used for experiments. How to publish geo‐data using Triplify ? For instance  , it was agreed to that a hyponym of campaign  , such as Marlboro Ranch a name of a specific marketing campaign should be considered  , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance  , whereas the non-specific hypernym campaign should not be considered   , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance. From the results  , it is evident that interactive fitting was far superior to manual fitting in task time and slightly better in accuracy. The underlying similarity measure of interest with minhash is the resemblance also known as the Jaccard similarity. The results indicate that the improvements of R-LTR-NTN plsa and R-LTR-NTN doc2vec over R- LTR are significant p-value < 0.05  , in terms of all of the performance measures. Second  , we are interested in evaluating the efficiency of the engine. The general approach can be used to specify the vehicle velocity at the top of the hill in the steep hill climbing problem. The main query uses these results. More detail about the concerns selected is available elsewhere 9. From all these images  , the software mentioned above detected matching points on the calibration pattern for each pan and tilt configuration. To some extent  , we can consider the Web ngrams more similar to the document content than click logs and anchor text. Then  , tracker will continue to search through fine search for the target with smaller standard deviation and same number of samples. Our method gives feasible solution by judicious choice of parameters and outperforms the method proposed by Lashkari 5  , in terms of the quality of the optimal solution. Introducing a pattern language opens another interesting direction: pattern matching and induction. Navigation of XML values in Xtatic is accomplished by pattern matching  , which has different characteristics than those of XPath expressions. We also applied and evaluated advanced search options. This category includes the Pearson-correlation based approach 4  , the vector similarity based approach 1  , and the extended generalized vector space model 3. It worked opposite the various databases during performance of the search. Let the structural parameter be a parameter of any sequence type which is used for structural recursion. In the results  , unless otherwise specified  , the default values are W = 0.7  , M = 16 for the image dataset and W = 24.0  , M = 11 for the audio dataset. It requires  , first  , mapping a world description into a configuration space  , i.e. The primary contribution of this work is increased understanding of effectiveness measures based on explicit user models. Overall  , English-French CLIR was very effective  , achieving at least 90% of monolingual MAP when translation alternatives with very low probability were excluded. The parallel query plan will be dete&iined by a post optimization phase after the sequential query optimization . Figure 4: ILI visits percentage forecasting performance on the Pearson correlation and p-value for VA and CT in 3 seasons Substantial information about Twitter data and the demographics for the five regions are shown in Table I. designed regular expression types for strings in a functional language with a type system that could handle certain programming constructs with greater precision than had been done before 23. We created a corpus of SPARQL queries using data from the QALD-1 5 and the ILD2012 challenges. pattern search and substructure search deploy database operators to perform a search  , while some other ones e.g. Their approach combines a retrieval model with the methods for spreading activation over the link structure of a knowledge graph and evaluation of membership in semantic sets. Since query execution and optimization techniques were far more advanced  , DBAs could no longer rely on a simplistic model of the engine. Both problems are solved optimally in tree structures using dynamic programming DP. Online communities have been a recurrent research topic for many years  , attracting great interest among computing scholars  , social scientists  , and economists. Time series similarity search under the Euclidean metric is heavily I/O bound  , however similarity search under DTW is also very demanding in terms of CPU time. In addition  , complete identification of the system transfer function is not needed; it suffices to estimate the varying parameters. The most important difference between them is the fact that CLIR is based on queries  , consisting of a few words only  , whereas in CLTC each class is defined by an extensive profile which may be seen as a weighted collection of documents. While this approach is not applicable to all software architectures  , it can yield benefits when applied to static systems  , and to static aspects of dynamic systems. The objective is to identify features that are correlated with or predictive of the class label. The experimental results were achieved by indexing 1991 WSJ documents TREC disk 22 with Webtrieve using stemming and stopwords remotion. Examples of sentences from the corpus matching each pattern are shown in Figure 5  , with emphasis on targets from this year's competition . Assume that we are part-way through a search; the current nearest neighbour has similarity b. To the best of our knowledge  , the problem of discovering accurate link specifications has only been addressed in very recent literature by a small number of approaches: The SILK framework 14  now implements a batch learning approach to discovery link specifications based on genetic programming which is similar to the approach presented in 6. We follow recent successes with word embedding similarity and use in this work: The closer the function's value is to 1 the more similar the two terms are. For example  , one instrumentation rule states " Measure the response time of all calls to JDBC " . Subsequently  , we give some insight in active learning and then present the active learning model that underlies our work. , integers  , but it also implies some control structure to sequence 154 Thus  , operators on such large-grain data structures imply some kind of extended control structure such as a loop  , a sequence of statements  , a recursive function  , or other. First  , we hope to demonstrate that the complexity problems usually associated with Q-learning 17 in complex scenarios can be overcome by using role-switching. 11 ,12 a lot of research on query optimization in the context of databases and federated information systems. the inverse kinematics maps the world coordinate space onto the joint coordinate space  X E R " -+ q ~ R ~   l    ,  1 3  . To build the DocSpace  , Semantic Vectors rely on a technique called Random Indexing 4  , which performs a matrix reduction of the term-document matrix. So the translation between these constructs is straightforward. Therefore  , the true bandwidth of the system will depend on the servo valve characteristics. We outline the corpus-based CLIR methods and a MT-based approach  , with pointers to the literature where detailed descriptions can be found. For example  , during optimization  , the space of alternative query plans is searched in order to find the " optimal " query plan. Pt|s as a series of conversions from the grapheme space spelling of the source language to the phoneme space pronunciation  , and then to the grapheme space of the target language. This will not always be feasible in larger domains  , and intelligent search heuristics will be needed. Such data transfer would also incur high communication overhead  , as all worker nodes must transfer the intermediate results back to the driver node. Besides  , the idea of deep learning has motivated researchers to use powerful generative models with deep architectures to learn better discriminative models 21. One final extension is required. 35 proposed a solution for efficient query expansion for advertisement search. Another possibly less efficient implementation is to use a recursive SQL statement as alluded to in Das et al 4. Several interviewees reported that " operationalization " of their predictive models—building new software features based on the predictive models is extremely important for demonstrating the value of their work. where µt and Σt are prior mean and prior covariance matrix respectively. We will characterize solutions to the problem in terms of their susceptibility to privacy breaches by the types of adversaries described here. Data and experimentally determined transfer function amplitudes match very well. However  , through iterative imputation   , KM is able to approximate the KRIMP complexity of the original data within a single percent. The weight of the expansion terms are set so that their total weight is equal to the total weight of the original query  , thus reducing the effect of concept drift. To determine the statistical significance of the Pearson correlation coefficient r  , the p − value has been used in this work. 4 Experiments on the search results of a commercial search engine well validated its effectiveness. Document-query pairs which are classified as relevant will award extra relevance score. In this work  , we use a similar idea as word embedding to initialize the embedding of user and item feature vectors via additional training data. the one that is to be classified with respect to a similarity or dissimilarity measure. Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. Thus  , in practice we look for a subset that maximizes the Pearson correlation betweenˆMΦ betweenˆ betweenˆMΦ and M . Our approach to CLIR in MEDLINE is to exploit the UMLS Metathesaurus and its multilingual components. The sample size was selected based on a 95% confidence level and 10% confidence interval margin of error  , i.e. We further investigate the results of our model and Model-U. For 16.4% of the questions  , the nugget pyramid assigned a non-zero F-score where the original single-assessor F-score was zero. GP is a machine learning technique inspired by biological evolution to find solutions optimized for certain problem characteristics. Put another way  , the parent relation is clustered optimally for NL-SORT since it is in unique2 order. In a breadth-first search approach the arrangement enumeration tree is explored in a top-bottom manner  , i.e. The nondimensional Laplace frequency variable is denoted by i. Our Web-based query expansion QE consists of the Wikipedia QE module  , which extracts terms from Wikipedia articles and Wikipedia Thesaurus  , and the Google QE module  , which extends the PIRC approach that harvests expansion terms from Google search results Kwok  , Grunfeld & Deng  , 2005. We further propose two methods to combine the proposed topic models with the random walk framework for academic search. W~ have not been able to achieve any significant improvements over non expansion. Triplify automatically generates all the resources in the update URI space  , when the mapping µ in the Triplify configuration contains the URL pattern " update " . As observed in the official TREC results from 2005 and 2006  , the log-merge method outperforms the sort-merge method regardless of whether the underlying collection is partitioned by web domain or partitioned by randomized web domains. In 13   , the query containment problem under functional dependencies and inclusion dependencies is studied. The execute-imm function computes the partial fixpoint of a database instance using some immediate rules. Random forests use a relatively small number of attributes in determining a test at a node which makes the tree faster to build. In the future we plan to apply deep learning approach to other IR applications  , e.g. However  , it is to be noted that the same problem also occurs for query translation with any tool MT or bilingual dictionary. In addition  , deep learning technologies can be implemented in further research. One challenge in using deep learning to model rich user features is the high dimension of the feature space which makes the learning inefficient and may impact the generalization ability of the model. This text similarity approach is also used in userspecified search queries: A user's query is treated just as another document vector  , allowing matching artifacts to be sorted by relevance based on their degree of similarity to the search query. On the 99-node cluster  , indexing time for the first English segment of the ClueWeb09 collection ∼50 million pages was 145 minutes averaged over three trials; the fastest and slowest running times differed by less than 10 minutes. Tassa et al. Some implemented approaches to this problem are to pass an unknown query word unchanged into the translated query  , or to find a closest match to a known target word 4. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as Figure 4shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. Thus  , the procedure to rank the search engines themselves with respect to a query is as follows: obtain a rank aggregation of the results from various search engines and rank the search engines based on their Kendall or footrule distance to the aggregated ranking. Each region is assigned a degree of coherence that is based on visual properties of the region including fonts  , colors and size. THEOREM 3.2: Let R be a regular expression over alphabet 0. The support vector machine then learns the hyperplane that separates the positive and negative training instances with the highest margin. First  , the extraction rules themselves are expressed in terms of some underlying language that needs to be powerful enough to capture the scenario. Work at ETH has focused SB96  on using The repeatability and reliability of the measurements were evaluated by using Pearson correlation coefficient. In reality  , though  , it is common that suppliers of BMEcat catalogs export the unit of measurement codes as they are found in their PIM systems. Martinson et a1 13  , worked with even higher levels of abstraction  , to coordinate high-level behavioral assemblages in their robots to learn finite state automata in an intercept scenario. In this section  , we discuss related work on focused crawling as well as on text and web classification. CYCLADES 3 is an OAI 6 service provider that implements an open collaborative virtual archive service environment supporting both single scholars as well as scholarly communities in carrying out their work. Thus  , in this section  , we discuss the actor similarity module and the implementation of the SNDocRank module. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantial benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. Finally  , performance of heuristic search based semantic query optimization needs to be evaluated in a real database environ- ment. This mapping is described by As in 2  , see also 3  , 4  , 5  , 7  , 8  , we assume that the image features are the projection into the 2D image plane of 3D poims in the scene space  , hence we model the action of the camera as a static mapping from the joint robot positions q E JR 2 to the position in pixels of the robot tip in the image out­ put  , denoted y E JR2. 1a and 1b.  A simple yet expressive query language combines concept-aware keyword-based search with abstraction-aware similarity search and contextaware ranking. with the horizontal subsystem  , the goal is to find a passive transfer function by carefully choosing an output variable. Automatic learning of expressive TBox axioms is a complex task. For example  , the R-LTR-NTN that using PLSA as document representations is denoted as R-LTR-NTN plsa . After each sentence is identified and parsed  , its parse tree is traversed in a depth-first recursive function. introduced an automatic patch generation technique 5. An interesting future direction is incorporating more theories of human motivation from psychology and human-computer interaction into formal game theory and mechanism design problems. We argue that several issues are overlooked in the semantic embedding method 9. As each evaluated state in the search requires execution of a collision detection method  , an efficient method will effectively reduce the magnitude of the base of the exponential relationship  , significantly improving the time performance of the search. However  , when one knows the primes that make up the program in advance such as with a gotoless programming language  , there is no need to compute the regular expression explicitly . Importantly  , the evidence does show that document encoders are evaluating the advantages of the XML standard e.g. In total  , 14 Stacked Features were added 7 aggregates each  , which were applied to the top k in-links and out-links separately. To guide the search  , we work backward from a unique final orientation toward a range of orientations of size 27r  , which corresponds to the full range of uncertainty in initial part orientation. As we show  , this framework is a generalization and unification of current state-of-the-art concept weighting 6  , 18  , 31 and query expansion 24  , 15 models. , 2010  , by means of the Wavelet Transform  , obtains the audio signal in the time-frequency domain. We set the context window size m to 10 unless otherwise stated. There have been three main approaches to CLIR: translation via machine translation tectilques ~ad94; parallel or comparable corpora-based methods lJX195aj LL90  , SB96  , and dictionary-based methods Sa172 ,Pev72  , HG96  , BC96. Different from the convention of storing the index of each object with itself  , the LGM stores the knowledge as the links between media objects. Instead of specifying the full behavior of the system  , each property may focus on one particular aspect of system behavior. This means there is a room to improve the backdrivability without affecting the txansfer function of the reference torque. This  , however  , does not compromise our results since our experiments are aimed at comparing the performance of two different CLIR methods and not at comparing different search engine architectures. Query translation approaches for cross-language information retrieval CLIR can be pursued either by applying a machine translation MT system or by using a token-to-token bilingual mapping. Alternatively  , since the extraction rule is expressed as a regular expression with concatenation and alternative only  , it is easier to construct a finite-state machine for such an extraction rule. With these parameters   , we set also a ceiling and a floor for si+l so that the user may enforce control over the search resolution. But it does not become a subject of this paper so far as an n-a imensional space. For the NSDL Science Literacy Maps  , search was defined as any instance of exploration within a map before a node was clicked to view relevant results. We can thus quantify the accuracy of an observed rank correlation usingˆseusingˆ usingˆse boot . Simple Semantic Association queries between two entities result in hundreds of results and understanding the relevance of these associations requires comparable intellectual effort to understanding the relevance of a document in response to keyword queries. This paper presents a new approach to modeling relational data with time-varying link structure. It is useful to think of these segments as motion primitives  , which are typically defined in relation to terrain interaction. Query expansion in source language reserves the room for untranslated terms by including relevant terms in advance. Heilman & Smith  , 2010 15 develop an improved Tree Edit Distance TED model for learning tree transformations in a q/a pair. #weight  1-w #combine original query terms w #combine expansion query terms  During each search a random series of digits between one and five were played into their headphones. But we do not use RMSE because the graded relevance and the estimated relevance have different scales from 0 to 2  , and from 0 to 1 respectively. Queries are then reformulated by replacing the predicates with the definition of their equivalent or subsumed predicates view unfolding. This means in practice that a person uses approximately a day to finalize the work. Previously examined by Cui et al. The contact event sets for the classifier are modeled as multinomial distributions 29 with nominal labels assigned to each event class. We divide the optimization task into the following three phases: 1 generating an optimized query tree  , 2 allocating query operators in the query tree to machines  , and 3 choosing pipelined execution methods. Other search modes such as > or = can be supported via straightforward extensions. One path corresponds to one capturing group in the regular expression indicated with parentheses. In addition to surface text pattern matching  , we also adopt N-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. In this section we present experimental results for search with explicit and implicit annotations. Hundreds of people have been involved in making RaPiD7 as a working practice in Nokia. The prediction value is the Pearson correlation between the original normalized scores in the list and the new scores. The t's necessary to generate a parser's time-formula may be chosen interactively using a variant of Kirchhoff's law 9 which is applicable to grammar rules. without materializing R when D or S when D. HERALD currently supports two strategies for obtaining access to deltas in connection with the hypothetical algebraic operators and other delta operators  , one based on hashing and the other on a sort-merge paradigm. If the search is successful  , then the ancestor mark bit can be set because its random access address was saved. For query optimization  , a translation from UnQL to UnCAL is defined BDHS96  , which provides a formal basis for deriving optimization rewrite rules such as pushing selections down. We can thus ob-tain a closed representation for each frequency band by performing a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT  , resulting in a set of 256 coefficients for the respective sine and cosine parts. The importance of the technique and the study lies in it introduces a novel and effective way of using statistical translation knowledge for searching information across language boundaries. First  , our sequences are much more compact than their extended signatures because of firstFollowing and firstAncestor nodes. at which character position  an expected markup structure is missing. Pain is a very common problem experienced by patients  , especially at the end of life EOL when comfort is paramount to high quality healthcare. Unlike pure hill-climbing  , MPA in DAFFODIL uses a node list as in breadth-first search to allow backtracking  , such that the method is able to record alternative  " secondary " etc. These URIs are then utilized to build archive profiles. For query expansion  , we tried the classical blind relevance feeback to add new topically-similar terms to the query. We also presented a method of translation selection based on the cohesion among translation words. In the design and development of information retrieval systems  , this learning of new and potentially useful vocabulary from records viewed is called query expansion. As desired by the user the list can be reduced to terminal authors. This makes the flexible beam equations very difficult to solve and simplifications must be made. We first point out when we apply deep learning to the problems  , we in fact learn representations of natural language in the problems. There were a few selections for which the search engine did not return any result. Each size of the model of quadrangle  , each location of the pattern matching model  , and the location of the center of iris are established. To date  , tasks are routed to individual workers in a random manner.  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and the query  Number of occurrences of the query in the target profile's description*  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and DuckDuckGo description* Besides the relationship between the description and query  , we further searched for the organization's description from DuckDuckGo 5   , a search engine that provides the results from sources such as Wikipedia. The transfer function of the system is then: ;   , = 10  , y : ;   , = 20 and YE;  , = 100 the resulting optimal T* is equal to 0.917s. The kernel function implicitly maps data into a highdimensional reproducing kernel Hilbert space RKHS 7  and computes their dot product there without actually mapping the data. From the above results  , we conclude that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D learns the concept " current document rank " although we do not explicitly provide this concept in the document representation. scoring  , and ranked list fusion. There has been relatively little prior research on how advertisers target their campaign  , i.e. The characteristics of such domains form a good match with our method: i links between documents suggest relational representation and ask for techniques being able to navigate such structures; " flat " file domain representation is inadequate in such domains; ii the noise in available data sources suggests statistical rather than deterministic approaches  , and iii often extreme sparsity in such domains requires a focused feature generation and their careful selection with a discriminative model  , which allows modeling of complex  , possibly deep  , but local regularities rather than attempting to build a full probabilistic model of the entire domain. Since they end with the word died  , we use pattern matching to remove them from the historic events. This is in contrast to the more widely adopted fitting approach of ordinary least squares where only one variable in the model is assumed to contain error. Library means that the copyright of the material is owned by the organization that the library belongs to  , and is administered by the library. f f r e q rulesets classify connections in order of increasing frequency followed by normal  , with a default clasrithm that updates the stored sequences and used data from UNIX shell commands. These training instances are represented in terms of their transformed feature vectors in the kernel space. The remaining of this paper is structured as follows. To summarize  , S-PLSA + works as follows. It also shows that monolingual performance is not necessarily the upper bound of CLIR performance. In the field of machine learning  , determining the hyperparameters of a learning method is important and if they are improperly chosen these parameters can induce a poor performance. It determines the most appropriate action at all states according to an evaluation function. As shown in 131 it is found that the colocated transfer function motor tachometer is characterized by a set of alternating zeroes and poles slightly on the left of the j w axis while the noncolocated transfer function tip accelerometer is non-minimum phase with right-half plane zeros. The query relatedness at each expansion term position is then calculated by counting the accumulated query  relatedness density from different query terms at that position . Search intent prediction is an important problem  , as it will largely improve search experience. However  , subsequent research publications report 1 ,13 that a direct mapping from source to target TUs without an intermediate phonetic representation often leads to better results. Besides the above heuristics using greedy approach  , Jiang et al. By picking the probing sequence carefully  , it also requires checking far fewer buckets than entropy-based LSH. The goal of information retrieval  , is to learn a retrieval function h * that will be good for all the queries q ∈ Q. Another thread of research has focused on translating multiword expressions in order to deal with ambiguity 2  , 28. These search results were then presented in random order to the disambiguation system. When this occurs  , random search with a randomly chosen depth bound is executed. Clusters are then formed based on these concepts. Once the minima are found for all objects to be placed  , the locations at which the real objects need to be placed by the robot are then given by the locations to which the object profiles have been moved. This challenge can deteriorate the performance of the hand-crafted feature-based approaches. The line fitting error can be approximated by circular On top of a standard annotation framework  , the Web Annotation Data Model WADM 6   , the qa vocabulary is defined. We expect that using query expansion in both collection selection and retrieval stages will eliminate this problem and further improve retrieval performance. Our approach called SemanticTyper is significantly different from approaches in past work in that we attempt to capture the distribution and hence characteristic properties of the data corresponding to a semantic label as a whole rather than extracting features from individual data values. Our inspection approach can also detect relations that are nearly-sorted on the join key. The component taxonomy can come to the rescue here-if we use it to produce a convenient number of reasonably efficient generic components that is  , a suitably parameterized component for judiciously chosen points in the space. unary operators including sequential scan  , index scan and clustered index scan ; l binary operators including nested join  , index join and sort-merge join ; . But in fact  , sort merge join does not need to compare tuples on the traditional '<' operator – any total ordering will do. This problem can also be solved by employing existing optimization techniques. By decreasing T gradually  , units tries possible reachable positions uniformly in earlier steps. The terms identified are then ANDed to the previous search query to narrow the search. and thus does not necessarily guarantee an optimal path in the shortest path sense. However  , the edit distance for similarity measurement is not used for two reasons: 1 Computing edit distances of the query and all the names in the data set is computationally expensive  , so a method based on indexed features of substrings is much faster and feasible in practice . The type of the exception thrown is compared with the exception types declared as arguments in each catch block. This has a depressing effect on CLIR performance  , as such expressions are often prime keys in queries. Using dynamic programming the energy consumption from the initial position of the robot to any point on the grid can now be obtained. Example. It differs from previous ones in that it includes a distance component that decays the mutual information between terms when the distance between them increases. Simple keyword searching is unlikely to be adequate. Score normalisation is not necessary for the web task  , but is relevant for other tasks like CLIR and topic tracking. However  , due to the well recognized semantic gap problem 1  , the accuracy and the recall of image similarity search are often still low. It assumes a value of 1 if the leg is on the ground and 0 otherwise. To find a meaningful weighting of a specific set of d dimensions   , Dim  , for a given set of must-link and cannot-link constraints  , further referred to as S&D  , our approach performs hill climbing. on a Wikipedia page are extracted by means of a recursive regular expression. Instead of picking the top document from that ranking  , like in TDI  , the document is drawn from a softmax distribution. Then  , titles from the same PDFs were extracted with a Support Vector Machine from Cite- Seer 1 to compare results. Comparing to the unmediated search approaches  , the mediated search has a higher success rate 14. Similar to the Mann-Whitney test  , it does not assume normal distributions of the population and works well on samples with unequal sizes. Hill climbing does not work well for nonconvex spaces  , however  , since it will terminate when it finds a local maxima. Figure 3 shows the result of IA-select using topic models constructed with the following methods: pLSA without regularization and LapPLSA regularized by similarity matrices generated using click logs  , anchor text  , and Web ngrams  , i.e. Specifically   , we collected the previous Amazon reviews of each reviewer in the root dataset and the Amazon product pages those reviews were associated with. This is a drift in search focus. These kinds of materials support in-depth knowledge of the field  , a creator  , or a genre; they also assist in developing theories regarding the relationships between creativity  , authorship and production. This experiment showed that a traditional pattern/action-based description of a searchand-replace transformation is a natural way to describe code changes. As a demonstration of the viability of the proposed methodology  , SKSs for a number of communities the Los Alamos National Laboratory's LANL Research Library http://lib-www.lanl.gov/. The query expansion procedure of the information retrieval component has been revised and the capability to index nonsegmented audio streams for the unknown story boundaries condition has been added. As CL-EM is known to be unstable 14   , we smooth the parameters at each iteration t. More specifically  , we estimate It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference. Then mobile robots can plan motion using the multi-functional and efficient traversability vector t-vector obstacle detection model 6. One avenue for future research lies with the path planner . Second  , from the initial belief  , covariances at other vertices can be computed efficiently by propagating Λ − 0 using covariance transfer functions. In principle  , the optimal plan generated by parametric query optimization may be different. Multi-level grouping can be efficiently supported in V ERT G . This is probably why more efforts are put into the preparation work when using JAD  , and why with JAD the typical " from preparation to a finished document -time " is longer than with RaPiD7. The sort continuous in this manner until the list of items is fully sorted in ascending order after the lg m th phase. However  , we could not fully verify the qualifications of the survey participants.  Borrowing from past studies on demographic inference   , three types of features were used for distinguishing between account types: 1 post content features  , 2 stylistic features  , how the information is presented  , and 3 structural and behavioral features based on how the account interacts with others. Given a user attempting a search task  , the goal of our method is to learn from the on-task search behavior of other users. We are however not interested in abstract structures like regular expressions   , but rather in structures in terms of user-defined domains . Manipulator vibration due to structural and drive compliance8 has also been largely ignored in the literature on visual servoing. ORDBMSs that execute UDFs outside the server address space could employ careful mapping of address space regions to obtain the same effect. The results indicate that our method can achieve acceptable results for queries in and out of dictionary. Instead of using probability to decide on a move when the cost is higher  , a worse feasible solution is chosen if the cost is less than the current threshold 1 . We use document-at-a-time scoring  , and explore several query optimization techniques. An inverted file is a collection of posting lists  , stored on a storage medium supporting random access. Although improving upon the average performance of automated query expansion may be difficult  , we hypothesized that using human intelligence to detect incongruous individual or collective choices of expansion terms  , thus helping to avoid the worst expansion failures  , would improve the robustness of query expansion. To overcome the language barrier in cross-language information retrieval CLIR  , either queries or documents are translated into the language of their counterparts. the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. These feature values are then used by a ranking model calculated via Learning To Rank to provide an ordered list of vocabulary terms. The proposed model has a similar general structure to the author-topic model  , but with additional machinery to handle the distribution of breaking news  , friends' timeline and background words respectively. Query expansion is a technology to match additional documents by expanding the original search query. TDCM 15 : This is a two-dimensional click model which emphasizes two kinds of user behaviors. On average  , based on our experiment with some random sampled publications  , only 0.35 resources were retrieved for each testing publication. The basic text substrings  , such as the target or named entities  , are recognized using regular expressions and replaced with an angle-bracket-delimited expression. In this way  , the procedure is in fact fitting the 'mean curve' of the model distribution to the empirical subgraph frequencies. Unlike classical search methods  , personalised search systems use personal data about a user to tailor search results to the specific user. However  , the recency-based approach favors expansion terms from recent tweets and the temporal approach favors expansion terms from relevant busts in the recent or not-so-recent past. When tuples are deleted from a view or a relation  , the effect must be propagated to all " higher-level " views defined on the view/relation undergoing the deletion. user-based and itembased methods  , using the Pearson correlation to measure the similarity. Here we ran experiments first with a large initial search space. This is essentially a single-pair search for n constrained paths through a graph with n nodes. While randomized  , however  , GAS are by no means a simple random-walk approach. Context patterns are used to impose constraints on the context of an element. In sum  , most of the previous work has tackled issues related to improving the choice of features or the quality of the forest of trees. To our knowledge  , Mariposa was never deployed or simulated on more than a dozen machines  , and offered no new techniques for query execution  , only for query optimization and storage replication. When a user comes to a search engine  , she formulates a query according to her search intent and submits it to the search engine. No data type exists to speak of  , with the exception of strings  , whitespace-free strings  , and enumerations of strings. 19  , in which the overall ranking score is not only based on term similarity matching between the query and the documents but also topic similarity matching between the user's interests and the documents' topics. Development of such query languages has prompted research on new query optimization methods  , e.g. Existing DSE tools alleviate path explosion using search strategies and heuristics that guide the search toward interesting paths while pruning the search space. These pages contain 17 ,672 ,011 ,890 hyperlinks after eliminating duplicate hyperlinks embedded in the same web page  , which refer to a total of 2 ,897 ,671 ,002 URLs. Basically   , the same rules apply to this case. Pearson product-moment correlation coefficients r and Spearman's Rank Order r s  correlations were computed to assess whether participants' preferences regarding robot design and use were correlated with their religious affiliation and spiritual beliefs. The randomized ensemble of EMMI and FC which we shall now call FCMI achieves the highest accuracy rates compared to individual MDTs. Table 1presents the results. Proceedings of the 23rd VLDB Conference Athens  , Greece  , 1997 Pang  , Carey and Livny PCL93a  first studied dynamic memory adjustment for sorting and proposed memory adjustment strategies for external mergesort. Having a " private " search engine would enable an NLP application to issue a much larger number of queries quickly  , but efficiency is still a problem. i does the subjunctive exploratory search interface better support media studies researchers in a complex exploratory search task than a standard exploratory search interface; ii does the subjunctive exploratory search interface better support media studies researchers in refining a research question than a standard exploratory search interface; iii does the increase in complexity in terms of additional features affect the usability of the subjunctive interface as compared to a standard exploratory search interface ? p i and sq i are the index of pattern and sequence respectively  , indicating from where the further matching starts. We cannot answer these questions easily by inspecting the stack trace and source code. Similarly to last year  , CLIR track participants were asked to retrieve documents from a multilingual pool containing documents in four different languages. The IR ,-engine provides the core set of text-retrieval capabilities required by Super- Pages. By mapping multi-dimensional data to one-dimensional values  , a one-dimensional indexing method can be applied. Thus  , an important question originally considered in TB88  , Hu96   , which was never raised in traditional view-maintenance work  , is to determine whether a view is maintainable  , that is  , guaranteed to have a unique new state  , given an update to the base relations   , an instance of the views  , and an instance of a subset of the base relations. The multimedia collection consists of e-books  , pictures  , videos and animations. Game theory and interdependence theory Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. The patterns are assumed to be always right-adjusted in each cascade. The objective of passive control is to design controllers such that the closed-loop system is stable and passive. Further testing will also be done to experimentally verify impedance and saturation. Errors in the estimated and actual generalized force were used to drive the system to minimize the external loads projected into the configuration space. In such a scenario  , it is not sufficient to have either one single model or several completely independent models for each placing setting that tend to suffer from over-fitting. To do this  , we leveraged users' search trails for the two-month period from March to April 2009 inclusive referred to hereafter as   , and constructed historic interest models   , for all user-query pairs. The same approach is extended in 6  by adding more expressive events  , dynamic delivery policies and dynamic eventmethod bindings. However  , they all have the scalability problem mentioned above. S is a stack of configurations  , initially containing only the assembled configuration  , that are recursively 'expanded' until a disassembly is obtained. This period is defined as a search session. Find takes the following arguments: stack  , which contains the nodes on the path from the root to the current node of Find Find starts tree traversal from the top node of the stack; if the stack is empty  , the root of the tree is assumed; search-key  , the key value being sought; lock-mode  , a flag which indicates whether an exclusive lock  , shared lock  , or neither should be obtained on the key returned by Find; and latch-mode  , a flag which if True indicates that the node at which Find terminates should be latched exclusively. One of the advantages of latent variable methods such as ICA  , NMF and PLSA is that they give a parsimonious representation of the data. Whereas query engines for in-memory models are native and  , thus  , require native optimization techniques  , for triple stores with RDBMS back-end  , SPARQL queries are translated into SQL queries which are optimized by the RDBMS. This overhead can be reduced by an approximate pairwise ranking that uses a best-first search strategy. We used the Pearson product-moment correlation since the expert averages represent interval data  , ranging from 1 to 7. In almost all of the work  , in-search context is essentially used as additional information for understanding search intent during a search task. The evaluation of the " search " operation usage and formulation showed that the majority 81.51% of the logged search operations were formulated using only one search term. , the ratio of the obtained influence spread in each iteration to the obtained influence spread when IMRank converges. For this first experiment  , we report three different measures to capture the extent to which grades were assigned correctly: the Pearson product-moment correlation r and two other measures of interest to testing agencies  , the proportion of cases where the same score was assigned Exact and the proportion of cases where the score assigned was at most one point away from the correct score Adjacent. Therefore sparse FA can be often used on larger datasets than is practical with those methods. For our tests we use an extended version of the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 10. Each query was executed in three ways: i using a relational database to store the Web graph  , ii using the S-Node representation but without optimization  , and iii using S- Node with cluster-based optimization. The significance of the new context-based approach lies in the greatly improved relevance of search results. Later  , when the designer needs to model the transport system between production cells of the flexible manufacturing system  , he can search in the repository and recover candidates models for reuse. An example mean average precision surface for the GOV2 collection using the full dependence model plotted over the simplex λT + λO + λU = 1 is shown in Figure 2. The number of times a keyword pair u  , v appears in this file is exactly the same as Au  , v. These events would reveal that the user had examined the search results  , but a user examining a search result would not necessarily emit a corresponding hover or scroll event. The Natural Language Systems group at IBM participated in three tracks at TREC-8: ad hoc  , SDR and cross-language. , Google with song  , album and artist names. This dataset  , a dynamic entity available pubficly on the web l  , presently contains several thousand individual FAQ documents  , totalling hundreds of megabytes. These previous studies suggested that query expansion based on term co-occurrences is unlikely to significantly improve performance 18. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method  , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. The paper comprises three major sections  , each dealing with one of the dynamic effects mentioned above. As more releases are completed  , predictive models for the other categories of releases can be developed. A pattern matching program was developed to identify the segments of the text that match with each pattern. Systems fielded at TREC rank definition sentences using two sets of features: definition patterns and bagof-words pertinent to the target. Also note that we report the perplexity normalized by the total query length. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection  , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. The block diagram and associated documents would contain various "summary" design specifications such as transfer functions  , switching functions   , state tables  , apportioned sybsystem reliability goals  , etc. There are workloads that are very sensitive to changes of the DMP. For a given Latent Semantic Space In this work we use the Euclidean distance to measure the relevance between a query and a document. In contrast  , the proposed approach in this paper leverages the exponential character of the probabilistic quadtree to dramatically reduce the state space  , which also benefits the Fig. There are several ways to cross the language barriers in CLIR systems. We also take into account that resources of BSBM data fall into different classes. The hierarchy among the maps is established as follows. 3 show the magnitude and phase plot of inputoutput torque for three different amplitudes of sinusoidal signal. As for sponsored search  , an overview is given in 15. Our method was more successful with longer queries containing more diverse search terms. He provided evidence for the existence of search communities by showing that a group of co-workers had a higher query similarity threshold than general Web users. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 13  is a promising method for approximate K- NN search. Regular expressions can express a number of strings that the be language cannot  , but be types can be generated from type recognizers that can be far more complex than regular expressions. Each block was given a final score based on its rank position and length. Similarity calculating component: Calculating the similarity between two questions is a very important component in our QA systems. For example  , the independent assumption between different columns can be relaxed to capture multi-column interdependency. An aspect in AB is defined as a pair consisting of a pattern a grep-like regular expression and a color. The search logs used in this study consist of a list of querydocument pairs  , also known as clickthrough data. For write effects  , we give the starting points for both objects and the regular expressions for the paths. Their model estimated the transition probabilities between two queries via an inner product-based similarity measurement. The main contribution of this work is a hybrid frontier prioritization approach that combines the two lines of work mentioned above. Basically  , however  , the stability problem of the whole system is very important. The double exponential complexity makes this solution infeasible even for very small DNFs. Gradients can be back-propagated all the way back from merging  , ranking  , sentence pairing  , to individual sentence modeling. This suggests an opportunity to explore alternative methods of imputation to achieve different feature weightings and reduce learning bias within a stacked framework. XSEarch returns semantically related fragments  , ranked by estimated relevance. The fuzzy logic is used to select the elements of the transformation matrix 1T which indirectly determine the contribution of each joint to the total motion. In the first step  , we propose a topic modeling method  , called Structured PLSA  , modeling the dependency structure of phrases in short comments. Instead   , a discrete random search technique can be used for efficiency. We can now formally define the query optimization problem solved in this paper. Relatively to our approach  , Sen et al. We sought to answer three questions: 1 what is the best that can be done using freely available resources; 2 how w ell does Pirkola's method for accommodating multiple candidate translations work on the TREC CLIR collection; and 3 would building a single index be more eeective than building separate indices for each language ? For each user u  , let wa ,u be the Pearson-Correlation between user a and user u. Unfortunately  , there is not an easily computed metric that provides a direct correlation between syntactic and semantic changes in a Web page For instance  , there is no clear relationship between the number of bytes changed and the relevance of the change to the reader. As the first click model for QAC  , our TDCM model could be extended in several ways in the future. Pattern matching checks the attributes of events or variables. We show later that the ALSH derived from minhash  , which we call asymmetric minwise hashing MH-ALSH  , is more suitable for indexing set intersection for sparse binary vectors than the existing ALSHs for general inner products. We then compute QRS as the maximum of these similarities: d  , Si Because retrieving the entire documents in the top search results to compare them with the target document is prohibitively expensive for a real-time search engine unless the vector forms of the retrieved documents are available  , we approximate the lexical content of interest of the retrieved documents with the snippet of the document as generated by the search engine for the target query. , strawberry  , aeroplane  , insect and activities e.g. The angle of rotation of the actuator is the commonly used collocated mea- surement. In an Iterative search  , a client keeps control of the entire search. K plsa +U corresponds to the results obtained when an additional 10 ,000 unlabeled abstracts from the MGD database were used to learn the pLSA model semi-supervised learning. In this paper we examined the potential effectiveness of interactive query expansion. Thus the learning rate must balance the agenL's need to unlearn incorrect old informa­ tion  , while preserving old information which was correct. We also generated random dummy clicks for the cover queries with the same expectation of the number of clicks in true queries so that search engines will not have explicit signal to recognize them. Each of the approaches has shown promise  , but also has disadvantages associated with it. In contrast to programming  , efficiency is not a major concern  , but security and provability have to be emphasized  , even at the cost of flexibility. The one sort space limit is used by memory-static sort as the default memory size. The most common approach is directly fitting Ut to the actual query execution time of the ranking model 7. For example  , the genetic programming approach used in 7 has been shown to achieve high accuracies when supplied with more than 1000 positive examples. 19 apply several local search techniques for the retrieval of sub-optimal solutions. Another method called query expansion expands the query terms with similar keywords for refining search results and guessing the user's query intents 2  , 11  , 27  , 28. The search is guaranteed to halt since there are a finite number of equivalence classes and our search does not consider sequences with cycles. In case of fielded search users can search for pictures by expressing restrictions on the owner of the pictures  , the location where they were taken  , their title  , and on the textual description of the pictures. In this paper  , the primary purpose of fitting a model is not prediction  , but to provide a quantitative means to identify sub-populations. First  , query expansion seems to neutralize the effect of query length. Figs. It is intriguing that the LINE2nd outperforms the state-of-the-art word embedding model trained on the original corpus. However  , Grimson lo has shown that in the gencpal case  , where spurious m e a surements can arise  , the amount of search needed to find the hest interpretation is still exponential. The highest P@3 for IFM is clocked at 0.794  , which is comparable to the 0.801 achieved by QR4. A specific form of the ho­ mography is derived and decomposed to interpolate a unique path. Given the vertex We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. This system may be implemented in SMART using the set of modules shown in figure 4. In more complex cases  , methods of machine learning can be deployed to infer entity annotation rules. Nie 2 exposes in detail the need for cross-language and multilingual IR. In the experiments  , to select useful expansion terms  , we use two heterogeneous resources. Our experiments show that query-log alone is often inadequate  , combining query-logs  , web tables and transitivity in a principled global optimization achieves the best performance. In our experiments  , we use the gensim implementation of skipgram models 2 . This reader provides thumbnail overviews  , freehand pen annotations  , highlighting  , text sticky notes  , bookmarks  , and full text keyword search. By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. Most of the learning of regular languages from positive examples in the computational learning community is directed towards inference of automata as opposed to inference of regular expressions 5  , 43  , 48. Thus  , the existing approaches can not be directly applied to discretization for maximizing the parameterized goodness function. Table 5shows the ten most relevant records in the " game theory " topic. In practice  , however  , we did observe the data sizes to be comparable across all three datasets during this study. where U ∈ R k×m and V ∈ R k×n . A screenshot of web-based pictogram retrieval system prototype which uses the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach with a 0.5 cutoff value. Overall  , our findings demonstrate that the parameterized query expansion is an effective and flexible framework that can seamlessly incorporate multiple concept types. Exactly this type of optimization lies in the heart of a read-optimized DB design and comprises the focus of this paper. tion  , a spatial-temporal-dependent query similarity model can be constructed. Whereas gradient methods change the variables according to determiiiistic rules  , GAS are based on random transition rules. , the region or country where the user is located. l   , who used genetic programming to evolve control programs for modular robots consisting of sliding-style modules 2  , 81. al. Identifying common sub-expressions is central to the problem of multiple query optimization. Two-stage hill climbing 5.2.1. This is in line with the idea of avoiding large overlap between facets Section 4.2. This method is a kind of feed-forward control. We first show that the score distributions for a given query may be modeled using an exponential distribution for the set of non-relevant documents and a normal distribution for the set of relevant documents. Surprisingly  , they did not find any significant variation in the way users examine search results on large and small displays. In our previous research about digital libraries 1  and large digital book collec- tions 2  we proposed three general metrics  , i.e. The rule/goal graph approach does not take advantage of existing DBMS optimization. Second  , it is interesting to note that  , at least in theory  , for a document set D and a similarity threshold θ a perfect space partitioning for hash-based search can be stated. , a test case that triggers a failure or covers a particular branch/path follows a geometric distribution. In addition  , applications that use these services do not have the ability to pick and choose optional features  , though new optimization techniques may remove unused code from the application after the fact 35. Relational feature generation is a search problem. At present we thercforc USC a boltom-up evaluation strategy for recursive and mutually-rccursivc set-valued functions. Performance should be slightly better when starting with a hot cache. We will now describe a method for modeling the low-level signal exchange in interaction using simple predictive models . Given a nominal part shape with bounded shape uncertainty  , does the planner always return an orienting plan when one exists and indicate failure when no plan exists ? This is because not all these 14 runs are included in the 23 runs; and each run may execute a different set of statements and therefore may take a different amount of time. The regular expression on line 546 reflects this specification: '\w' represents word characters word characters include alphanumeric characters  , '_'  , and '. This application was built using the C programming language. The query expansion module employs a wide range of query expansion methods that can not only enrich the query with useful term additions but also identify important query terms. TU The TU benchmark contains both English and Dutch textual evidence. LSTM models are defined as follows: given a sequence of inputs  , an LSTM associates each position with input  , forget  , and output gates  , denoted as it  , ft  , and ot respectively. Figure 2gives an example of the summary hierarchy. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. Recently  , approaches exploiting the use of semantics have been explored. WordNet synsets are used for query expansion. Thus  , we only need to estimate the gradient with a very small subset 10 −4 sample rate is adopted in our method of training pairs sampled from R at each iteration. Description: Given this situation  , this person needs to first scan the whole system to identify the best databases for one particular topic  , then conduct a systematic search on those databases on a specific topic. One advantage of the proposed method is that it can extract relevant translations to benefit CLIR. al  , 1983  has been shown effective in solving large combinato enable transitions from the local minima to higher energy states and then to the minimum in a broader area  , a statistical approach was introduced. To compute the Pearson correlation we need to compute the variances and the covariance ofˆMΦofˆ ofˆMΦ and M . We can group the possible CLIR scenarios into the following three main settings: 1. the document collection is monolingual  , but users can formulate queries in more than one language. The operation of the pattern matching cascade with sub-string matching capability and 'don't care' characters is illustrated in If the anchor vector has ls in positions s1  , $2 ,.. s k positions the strings x ,.. x ,  , x ,~ .. x ,  , x~  , .. x. have occurred in the text string. Transformation T 3 : Each index-scan operator in P is replaced with a table-scan operator followed by a selection operator  , where the selection condition is the same as the index-scan condition. , the patched program has ever failed to pass some test case  , random search has no such constraint. The intersection is the portion of the query-URL pairs that we have both editorial judgments and the user browsing model estimates . Our method can be applied to nondeterministic domain because the Q-learning is used t o find out the optimal policy for accomplishing the given task. postulated for including effort in modeling interactive information search; for example  , using cost of search actions to explain some aspects of search behavior 1  , or using search effort to explain search task success 2. Moreover  , a self-organizing map could have been used to analyse the 2D projection instead of the tabular model. Whether the European Article Number EAN or the Global Trade Item Number GTIN is mapped depends on the type-attribute supplied with the BMEcat element. The document in the IFRAME is tiny:  This code assumes the existence of a get_secret function   , which can be implemented in a few lines of code that performs a regular expression match on document.cookie. Mathematically   , given a sequence of training words w1  , w2  , ..  , wT   , the goal of Skip-gram model is to maximize the log probability Section 6 compares query optimization strategies  , transformationfree with SA and II. To make sure that SDM-CA is not overfit  , we run SDM using a standard weighting scheme 0.8  , 0.1  , 0.1 and got very close results with respect to MAP – 0.258 on SemSearch ES  , 0.196 on ListSearch  , 0.114 on INEX-LD  , 0.186 on QALD-2  , and 0.193 on the query set including all queries. 4 Yahoo! Table 13shows the performance of each method as measured by average precision and percentage of monolingual performance  , LCA  , which typically expands queries with muki-term phrases  , is more sensitive to translation effects when pm-translation expansion is performed. As we are investigating the impact richer search interfaces have  , a spectrum of search tasks covering different search task types and goals would ideally need to be used. However  , in this paper we limit the expansion to individual terms. The MILOS native XML database/repository supports high performance search and retrieval on heavily structured XML documents  , relying on specific index structures 3 ,14  , as well as full text search 13  , automatic classification 8   , and feature similarity search 5. However  , Andrea Arcuri and Lionel Briand found that GenProg often searched valid patches in the random initialization of the first population before the actual evolutionary search even starts to work. Let R be the set of points in the query result. The higher the ratio of a specific interpretation word of a pictogram  , the more that pictogram is accepted by people for that interpretation. The ImageCLEF 2007 collection is a set of 20 ,000 images  , 60 search topics  , and associated relevance judgments. Hence  , in a given context  , only papers that are relevant to the context reside. The random forest classifier offers two means of determining feature importance: Out of Bag Permuted Variable Error PVE and the Gini Impurity measure 2 . Proceedings of the 24th VLDB Conference New York  , USA  , 1998 search have produced several results for efficiently supporting similarity search  , and among them  , quadratic form distance functions have shown their high usefulness. Other types of kinematic correspondence between the master and slave can be realized by setting the proper transfer function G. A perfect rate control of a teleoperator system We heuristically limit our search space to include only left-deep evaluation plans for structural joins. According to 19  , there is a benefit to laying out photos based on visual similarity  , although that study dealt with visual similarity instead of similar contents. Many of the suggestions  , particularly those beyond the top 10  , were more relevant to an Italian restaurant rather than a Thai restaurant. There is a continuous many-to-one mapping from I-space t o W-space determined by the forward kinematics of the arm. We used a Boolean recommendation as a baseline and compared it with recommendations for scholarly venues based on PVR implicit ratings. Second  , we have looked at only one measure of predictive performance in our empirical and theoretical work  , and the choice of evaluation criterion is necessarily linked to what we might mean by predictability. more than 3 query terms are selected for expansion. We conduct experiments on three real-world datasets for cross-modal similarity search to verify the effectiveness of LSSH. its inverse to be known  , the control design in conventional position controlled industrial robots can be significantly simplified if we adopt the force control law i.e. The only difference is that Baseline is under PLSA formalism and our model is in SAGE formalism. words are mapped to their base forms thus completely solving the problem with the generation of plural forms. To calculate the document score for document d i   , the vector space method applies the following equation: We will now show how LSA is as an extension to the VSM  , by using this query mapping. Note that this approach enables to consider ontologies more expressive than RDFS  , e.g. Therefore  , we consider the following additional features: -co-occurrences of the expansion term with the original query terms; -proximity of the expansion terms to the query terms. Today  , Web Crawling is the standard method for retrieving and refreshing document collections 8 within WMSs as opposed to searching  , see 12. Slurp|bingbot|Googlebot. Next  , state values and best action choices are updated in a bottom-up manner  , starting from the newly expanded state. Upper Bound " refers to the situation when the best sub-query and best expansion set was used for query reduction and expansion respectively. Given that a modern search engines appear to be strongly influenced by popularity-based measures while ranking results  , and b users tend to focus their attention primarily on the top-ranked results 11 ,13  , it is reasonable to assume that the expected visit rate of a page is a function of its current popularity as done in 5: In relation to DBSCAN unstable clusters represent data points that should either have formed part of another cluster or should have been classified as noise. Similarity-based search in large collections of time sequences has attracted a lot of research recently in database community  , including 1  , 9  , 11  , 2  , 19  , 24  , to name just a few. Since the subjects were instructed to favor accuracy over task time  , each trial was completed when the subject deemed that the closest fit hacl been attained. Furthermore  , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. Given the correct user-provided mapping  , the patterns applied by Space were always at least as restrictive We examined the code of the applications in our experiment for precisely this situation—security policies intended based on evidence in the code itself to be more restrictive than the corresponding patterns in our catalog—and found none. Links are labeled with sets of keywords shared by related documents. Note that we can reuse the high address space for different pools and so we have a gigabyte of address space on 32 bit linux systems for each pool for mapping the OOB objects. We called this forest  , Reconfigurable Random Forest RRF. Here thrift-lib-w2-5t  , for example  , stands for the test case with 2 worker threads and 5 tasks per worker. According to different independence assumptions  , we implement two variants of DRM. The LSH Forest can be applied for constructing mainmemory   , disk-based  , parallel and peer-to-peer indexes for similarity search. In both works  , the authors showed that there exist some data distributions where maximal unprunned trees used in the random forests do not achieve as good performance as the trees with smaller number of splits and/or smaller node size. For example  , when the added latency was 750ms  , the likelihood of participants to feel the added latency was not different than random in case of SE slow   , but they were able to notice the added latency with much higher likelihood around 0.82 probability in case of SE fast . Sophisticated optimization will be used to separate the original query inlo pieces targeted for individual data sources whose content and order of execution are optimal. Although content-based systems also use the words in the descriptions of the items  , they traditionally use those words to learn one scoring function. The entropy-based LSH method is likely to probe previously visited buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method always visits new buckets. The similarity between two strings can be measured by different metrics such as edit distance  , Jaccard similarity  , and cosine similarity. l A split situation is in general the more expensive case because theparts of the cluster to be split actually have to be discovered. The mapping  , termed the planar kinematic mapping in Bottema and Roth 1979  , is a special case of dual quaternion representation of object position in a three dimensional space. A mapping is defined by specifying an implementation component in the requires section of an abstract package definition. Also  , the work in 24  applies Genetic Programming to learn ranking functions that select the most appropriate ads. Google outputs the top results of the Google search engine. The search results appeared either below the search box  , or in a different tab depending on user's normal search preferences  , in the original search engine result format. In order to implement this principle  , we would first parse the abstract to identify complete facts: the right semantic terms plus the right relationship among them  , as specified in the query topic. Second point is the handling of the penalty. Query expansion had an additional  , positive  , impact. The search procedure performs beam search using classification accuracy of the N k as a heuristic function . This implies that the mapping of a data element in the coordinate space of a dictionary does not allow reconstruction. We have developed and analyzed two schemes to compute the probing sequence: step-wise probing and query-directed probing. This means that our current implementation only approximates the top-k items. The improvement over the supervised methods is shown in Figure 4. The an* expresses all sequences that have exactly one ui. Moreover  , MindFinder also enables users to tag during the interactive search  , which makes it possible to bridge the semantic gap. The optimization of the query of Figure 1illustrated this. The experimentally determined transfer function is 6. The search method described formally in Figure   3 is to successively narrow the search interval until its size is a given fraction of the initial search region. A statistical approach is proposed to infer the distribution of a word's likely acquisition age automatically from authentic texts collected from the Web  , and then an effective semantic component for predicting reading difficulty of news texts is provided by combining the acquisition age distributions for all words in a document 14. Users rely on search engines not only to return pages related to their search query  , but also to separate the good from the bad  , and order results so that the best pages are suggested first. Furthermore  , we describe a manner in which a content hole search can be performed using Wikipedia. This approach captures the novelty and diversity of a list of recommended tags implicitly  , by introducing metrics that assess the semantic distance between different tags diversity and the inverse of the popularity of the tag in the application novelty. All the embedding vectors are finally normalized by setting || w||2 = 1.   , we must compute the best recovery action. The Gleason's Theorem 2 can prove the existence of a mapping function µρ|vv| = trρ|vv| for any vector v given a density matrix ρ ∈ S n S n is the density matrix space containing all n-by-n positive semi-definite matrices with trace 1  , i.e. So the joint-space trajectories of the thumb can be determined by the joint-space trajectories of the ATX and vice versa. However  , the problem of finding optimal plans remains a difficult one. At this point the start position information is used to determine whether the segments occur in the correct order within the protein and if the proper gap constraints between them are met. The unexpectedness of the most relevant results was also higher with the Linked Data-based measures. This similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation coefficient between their term weight vectors unlike the rating vectors described in Section 3.2.1. If Rp is too large  , it would require many perturbed queries to achieve good search quality. This indicates that the chosen features were able to accurately predict the AP for the expanded and unexpanded lists of each query. is the projector to screen intensity transfer function  , A is the ambient light contribution which is assumed to be time invariant  , When occluders obstruct the paths of the light rays from some of the projectors to the screen  , 2  , diminishes and shadows occur. Extension of the simulated annealing technique include the mean field annealing 13 and the tree annealing 1141. based on a training set of given question-answer pairs. Our methods also imply a natural way to compare the performance of various search engines. It is noticeable that on topic set 1-50  , click logs remarkably outperform the other two resources across all settings of K. A possible explanation is that this topic set is derived from query logs of commercial search engines 12  , and therefore the click logs have a relatively high coverage and turn out to be an effective resource for these topics. In an extreme  , but not uncommon case  , the sample does not even entirely cover the target expression. However  , the results of the proposed methods on this year's track are not as good as they are on the training sets. Two major challenges have to be addressed for using similarity search in large scale datasets such as storing the data efficiently and retrieving the large scale data in an effective and efficient manner. Realizing this  , we use tree-based representation as motion knowledge and construct the system using tree-based representation. Yan et al. For example   , " Sequence<item+> " would refer to a list of one-or-more items. We simulated 5 days of the search engine-crawler system at work. What value does the evolution provide to the organization ? two different paths in the interpretation space can lead to the same program. However  , imputation can be very expensive as it significantly increases the amount of ratings  , and inaccurate imputation may distort the data consider- ably 17. Section 3 describes semantic relevance measure  , and categorization and weighting of interpretation words. IMRank achieves both remarkable efficiency and high accuracy by exploiting the interplay between the calculation of ranking-based marginal influence spread and the ranking of nodes. When compared with previous results we see that Spanish CLIR using the Metathesaurus for query translation is on the high end of the performance range of 50- 75% of baseline scores observed with approaches based on dictionaries with or without information extracted from corpora 12  , 3  , 7  , 14. They never use a search engine that recommends pages based on their current popularity. Though this strategy does not have a closed form in general  , we show that in many natural cases detailed later  , it reduces to a natural pure per-click or pure per-impression strategy that is socially optimal. We obtain results comparable to the state of the art and do so in significantly less time. To improve the generalization ability of our model  , we introduce a second type of features referred to as regular expression regex features: However  , this can cause overfitting if the training data is sparse. These patterns are expressed in regular expression. We formalized the frontier prioritization problem as a search-centric optimization problem  , where the objective is to maximize the impact of the crawled collection on the result quality of the search engine. We have experimented with two approaches to the selection of query expansion terms based on lexical cohesion: 1 by selecting query expansion terms that form lexical links between the distinct original query terms in the document section 1.1; and 2 by identifying lexical chains in the document and selecting query expansion terms from the strongest lexical chains section 1.2. share a larger number of words than unrelated segments. The classifier uses these similarity functions to decide whether or not citations belong to a same author. Therefore  , sort-based plans need to allocate only one additional page for loading the currently " active " forwarded object whereas partition-based plans need to allocate more buffer for a partition containing forwards. A straightforward way to solve the top-k lightest paths problem is to enumerate all paths matching the given path pattern and pick the top-k lightest paths. The values of t S c U u i F v w c y x W x were chosen for the UBRF stage for the SK run to give good performance across both development query sets when used in conjunction with document expansion. EDSER seeks good ideas with some plausibility and some support  , preliminary results  , well thought out but provocative positions  , and excellent introductions to and tutorials on relevant art e.g. As mentioned above  , the pattern should skip this substring and start a new matching step. Some extensions to the structure of stacks used in PLs are necessary to accommodate in particular the fact that in a database we have persistent and bulk data structures. In the pattern matching step  , we will compare performance of the several kernel functions e.g. Furthermore  , this mapping is naturally a many to many mapping that can be reduced to a many to one mapping in obstacle free environments  , thus reducing the learning space and resulting in a much better generalization. the force response was directly superimposed upon the reference position trajectory. We are continuing to study alternatives to this basic XPath expression  , such as using regular expressions  , allowing query expansion using synonyms  , and weighting the importance of terms. As we can see  , our CTM approach gets the best performance. The mapping from the system state to the Java code we implemented is straightforward. We use regular expression and query patterns or incorporate user-supplied scripts to match and create terms. This paper focuses on the PGA memory management since this memory holds the run-time memory of executing SQL statements. Therefore  , neural word embedding method such as 12  aims to predict context words by the given input word while at the same time  , learning a real-valued vector representation for each word. The remaining phrases are then sorted  , and the ten highest-scoring phrases are returned. The basic idea of the triple jump framework is to perform two iterations of bound or overrelaxed bound optimization to obtain γ  , and compute the next search point with a large η. In addition to this ultra heterogeneous data  , we created a very large database of Random Walk data RW II  , since this is the most studied dataset for indexing comparisons 5  , 6  , 17  , 24  , 25  , 34 and is  , by contrast with the above  , a very homogeneous dataset. By considering traces that are beyond the current historical data  , the ranking criteria rank impl and rank lkl encourage the reuse of regular expressions across multiple events in the mined specification. Leading data structures utilized for this purpose are suffix trees 11 and suffix arrays 2. Moreover  , the response time of similarity name search is considerably reduced. PLSA establishes a generative relationship between instances of clusters observed in various views and discrete variables z and thus makes explicit the absolute data distribution in a homogeneous latent space. Each sequence was used to train one threedimensional SOM. Our approach enables users to use whatever tools they are comfortable using. The motivation for the definition of A stems from the desire to interpret the regular expressions for the paths through a program as an A expression. , search engine company  , we assume access to vertical querylogs . Deviations from schema represented paths are called refractions and paths with many refractions are unlikely to be easily anticipated by users  , making them less predictable. The Spatial Semantic Hierarchy SSH 2 The basic SSH explores the environment by selecting an alternating sequence of trajectory. Both tasks use topic models to retrieve similar documents. If only one search term was responsible for the retrieval of the relevant document  , that term was assigned a retrieval weighting of 1; but  , if more than one search term was responsible for the retrieval of a document  , each search term was assigned a proportional retrieval weighting. These operators  , however  , rely heavily on the ability to dis cover efficiently  , given an arbitrary position in the compressed data  , the corresponding logical position in the original dntabase   , in order to reposition the data items in the new transposed space. ST represents a semantic type to which the concepts appearing in the topicrelated text snippets belong. We discuss the potential applications of this result to the design of semantic similarity estimates from lexical and link similarity  , and to the optimization of ranking functions in search engines. Search box should be positioned early enough in the code of the page so as to be accessible easily. Presence of modes allows different templates to be chosen when the computation arrives on the same node. In the example  , if we had defined the nonreflexive " less than " -relation < on integers and passed this to quicksort  , the violation of the reflexivity constraint for =< in totalorder would have been indicated immediately: After renaming =< into < and the sort elem into int the specification of quicksort as given in example 2.3 combined with the above specification is inconsistent because the two axioms n < 0 = false and el < el = true imply false = 0 < 0 = true which is an equation between two constructor terms. Thus  , a signal segment of the former type would be characterised by low entropy. 3 Using the original topics vs. the topic frames. Precision for each of the four language models and the regular expression classifier are reported in Table 7tagging refers to entity and part of speech tagging. Section 3 describes the architecture of our definition generation system  , including details of our application of PRF to automatically label the training data for soft pattern generalization. To address this problem we also considered normalised llpt denoted nllpt results  , where for each query the score of each system was divided by the score of the highest score obtained by any system for that query. Whenever a context change is detected  , the change is immediately examined to decide its influence on pat. For example  , the output of the function md5 is approximated with the regular expression  , 0-9a-f{32}  , representing 32- character hexadecimal numbers. Various related work follow the strategy of using a modeldriven approach to support architectural conformance. It was found experimentally that if the NN is trained once at a low temperature and the output temperature temperature of sigmoidal function of hidden layer is set to a high temperature T  , and then frozen down gradually   , the effects on the potential function are similar to the ones obtained by having trained the NN each time the temperature is reduced. To perform a temporal search  , we must identify temporal queries used for a search task. , SVA and CR  , and SVA 2 and CR 2   , respectively. This suggests that  , while party members may be found at different positions in the leftright spectrum  , media outlets tend to pick legislators who are representatives of the two parties' main ideologies  , such as Left-wing Democrats or Right-wing Republicans. To quantify the effects on IR performance due to the merge methods used as well as the effects due to eliminating the natural corpus structure defined by web domains by dividing the corpus arbitrarily with respect to the document content at index-time  , the mean values of the MAP taken over the merged resultsets from 149 automatically extracted queries applied to the domain partition and the randomized domain partition are recorded in Table 5. This problem can be formulated as finding longest common subsequence LCS. If the size of the test suite is the overriding concern  , simulated annealing or tabu search often yields the best results . Second  , we assess the extent to which the topical preferences emanating from the 12 metrics align with human assessments. However  , due to the representation of the collision function by a potential field  , path planning may stick into local minima as it is shown in figure 6 d where the obstacle regions are represented by two rectangular regions. To verify the robustness of our approach to modeling inaccuracy and parameter perturbation  , simulations under four different situations have been carried out: a changc in2 to 1.5m2 ; b change m2 to 2m2 ; c change in2 to 1.5m2   , and add friction torques FICI  , d=20&  , F2q  , 4=20Ci2  , F3q9 4=20&; d changed m2 to 2m2   , with the same friction torques as c. We contrast and compare our recent work as CLIR/DLF postdoctoral fellows placed in three different institutions 2. The Mean and STD are the average and the standard deviation of the Pearson correlation value calculated from the five trials. The loss function of an autoencoder with a single hidden layer is given by  , The hidden layer gets to learn a compressed representation of the input  , such that the original input can be regenerated from it. Experiment 5 showed that the common subexpression optimization could reduce query execution time by almost a factor of two. This means the personalized models do not have the opportunity to promote results of low general interest i.e. Using this probability  , we can compute the expected number of days before an error occurs. For example  , the user can provide an alternating template representing the regular expression ab *   , a program  , and an alphabet of possible assignments. It follows that transformation of SDM into FSDM increases the importance of bigram matches  , which ultimately improves the retrieval performance  , as we will demonstrate next. We first evaluate the effect of the two-stage PRF query expansion. To address the shortcomings of the existing state-of-theart methods for query rewriting  , we propose to take a rad-ically new approach to this task  , motivated by the recent success of distributed language models in NLP applications 31  , 38. We found that setting minP ts to 10 is a good compromise between the number of false clusters and missing clusters. Teleoperation experiments show that the human hand model is sufficient accuracy for teleoperation task. Boldface indicates that the W value of a combined resource is equal or above the lowest W of the single resources that are combined. Equivalently  , an expression is deterministic if the Glushkovconstruction translates it into a deterministic finite automaton rather than a non-deterministic one 15 . Second  , consider the mapping of textual words into the latent space in LSCMR. Our insight on parallelization opportunities emerged from our recent investigation of how the order in which a state-space is searched influences the cost and effectiveness of detecting errors 6 . Our query optimizer translates user queries written in XQuery into optimized FluX queries. Extending this to CLIR is straightforward given a multilingual thesaurus. However  , for the satellite docking operation  , the random search found only one feasible solution in 750 ,000 function evaluations 64 hours on 24 Sparc workstations. As the responses of each game partner were randomized unknowingly to the participants  , the attribution of intention or will to an opponent i.e. The performance of Rank-S depends on the CSI it uses  for the initial search in two ways: first  , the number of documents   , assuming that a larger CSI also causes a more accurate selection  , and second  , exactly which documents are sampled. Then the position data are transmitted to each the satellite. Support vector machine was used to learn from the artificially enlarged training documents. Second  , the L p -norm distance form of the above model reflects the coverage of keywords  , and p ≥ 1 controls the strength of ANDsemantics among keywords. Imitation of hand trajectories of a skilled agent could be done through a mapping of the proprioceptive and external data. The influence spread of top-k nodes seems always converges with smaller number of iterations than the convergence of the set of top-k nodes. The similarity between this task and the previous one is that in both cases searchers have an information need. After the search button is clicked  , search results are displayed in the results panel in a ranked list according to relevance. For example  , a search for books by keywords case 2 includes both a search by title case 4 and by author case 5. This is done by retrieving the most relevant Wikipedia documents using a search engine  , given the whole text as a query. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first search engine with such support for measured information. Generally  , a chemical similarity search is to search molecules with similar structures as the query molecule. They primarily used heuristics and pattern matching for recognizing URLs of homepages. For example  , in Figure 1suppose that another liberal news site enters the fray. We suggest training ranking models which are search behavior specific and user independent. Let us suppose there is a classifier such as h  , which is defined as h : R → C  , where h is a many-to-one mapping of the documents to the binary class space. However  , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic  , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory  , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. For each node  , both the key-value pairs and the regular expression of the corresponding URL pattern are illustrated. We tested the viability of machine learning attacks by implementing a support vector machine. Figure 5lists the performance for our two best-performing similarity measures GBSS r=2 and GBSS r=3   , as well as for the following related approaches: 19 – Figure 5clearly shows that our approach significantly outperforms the to our knowledge most competitive related approaches  , including Wikipedia-based SSA and ESA. All other relational notions are defined in terms of these primitives and recursive function composition. The aim in this paper is to find interesting patterns that characterize the dependencies of the motifs in the data set well or patterns that are surprising  , and to provide a comparison between the methods used. For optimization  , we just use stochastic gradient descent in this paper. The accuracy of the traffic light map is coupled to the accuracy of the position estimates of the mapping car. We execute breadth-first-search from s up to k levels without visiting t  , while keeping track of all paths formed so far. It is the translator  , not the LSL interpreter  , which can easily view the entire boolean qualification so as to make such an optimization. However  , non-holonomic vehicles have constrained paths of traversal and require a different histogram mapping. Because the small programs apparently contained no errors  , the comparison was in terms of coverage or rate of mutant killing 21  , not in terms of true error detection  , which is the best measure to evaluate test input generation techniques. In these experiments  , this step is carried out manually. The instance learning method presented in the paper has been experimentally evaluated on a dataset of 100 Deep Web Pages randomly selected from most known Deep Web Sites. Specifically  , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. Therefore  , the overall unified hash functions learning step can be very efficient. The pursuer could then be envisioned as an electric train that carries an inexpensive detection device. This section presents a dynamic programming approach to find the best discretization function to maximize the parameterized goodness function. So our approach is to heuristically use the equations obtained in Theorem 4  , Theorem 5  , and Corollary 6 to choose which tables need to be sampled and compute their sample sizes  , i.e. Good curve fitting results are achieved with R square of 0.869 in the priority job model and with R squire of 0.889 in the regular job model. Following the concept of interesting orders 16 introduced in system R  , the optimizer may already have plans that access relations A and B ordered on A.1 and B.2  , respectively . We use the push function to find equivalence classes of actions-action ranges with the same effect. We introduce the latent variable to indicate each topic under users and questions. One can express that a string source must match a given regular expression. The idea behind VDP is to use as much as possible the power of classical complete dynamic programming-based methods   , while avoiding their exponential memory and time requirements. The two expanded forms now have high cosine similarity. It is important to maintain discipline in this merge  , test  , check-in sequence. If a quick overview of the most common patterns in the data matrix is needed  , maximal frequent sets or NMF might be good methods to use. Second  , the query expansion for tie-breaking is worse than other method probably caused by the limitation of tie-breaking method  , which assumes that every query term is important and may not perform well for long queries. Each label  , in our formulation   , corresponds to a separate bid phrase. The focus of previous works1  , 4 did key-term selection in the mono-lingual environment; however  , our discovery of various causes such as pre-and post-translation query expansion would influence the preference of translation in CLIR. We categorize links suggested by our system into four categories: C1  , correct links; C2  , missing interlayer concept; C3  , one-step errors  , suggest two sibling concepts or reverse the relation; C4  , incorrect relation. In this respect  , our optimizing technique is similar to the very well-known' dynamic programming approach of SAC+791 which orders joins starting from the entire scan-operations-as we do. For arbitrary rooted trees  , one can use an inner dynamic programming in a similar way as in Section 2. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt for mining users' roles within a collaborative search  , which enables implicitly and dynamically assigning roles to users in which they can be most e↵ective at the current search stage. For our dataset we used clicks collected during a three-month period in 2012. For new previously unknown entities  , new instances are added to the semantic repository. However  , most existing social recommendation models largely ignore contexts when measuring similarity between two users. Query queries  , we have developed an optimization that precomputes bounds. Various other theorists introduced the concept of Entropy to general systems. For example  , search engines provide " query suggestion " or " related searches " features. First  , LCE provides a mechanism for combining term dependence with query expansion. Results on generating routes using an efficient form of dynamic programming are described in Section 5. Although jaccard similarity is not a metric of search performance  , it can help us analyze the novelty of search results. This " 3 ,000 page window " was decided for practical reasons. Practically  , it is impossible to search all subgraphs that appear in the database. Before Q* can be calculated with con­ ventional techniques  , the domain must be discretized. Figure 3shows the block diagram of the discrete event control structure. There is one mapping path in the example. Finally  , comparing the different reaulta for 11 and A1 in table -4  , it can be aeen that indexing A1 provides better retrieval results than 11. weight 0 random ord. The first two clamped-free and pinned-free frequencies computed from the analytical model agree within 10% with the measured frequencies. , learning to rank for Microblog retrieval and answer reranking for Question Answering. 14 leveraged Wikipedia for the intent classification task. Another  , third kind of global steps is used toleavethe information system or to suspend the Preconditions: have to be true before an action can be acf.i- vated  , Example: Before a presentation of retrieved data can be generated  , the search providing the datarequiredby theselected presentation form must be completet Action: may be divided into two parts: a main action  , which is always required  , and one or more additional actions  , which can be optional or required  , Example Domain actions like 'formulate a query concerning workshops' may have an additional action like 'ask for terminology support for the workshop topic " xyz' " ; a domain action like 'present the retrieved workshops and their related topics' as the main action can be elaborated by an additional action like 'explain the difference between the presentation forms  Example presenting 'workshops' and their 'topics': according to the goals the user defined in the beginning of the dialogue  , the prcscmtation should present complctc information or in form of an overview. As described in Section 4.1  , user search interests can be represented by their queries. For example  , the Internet Archive crawler described in 3  does not perform a breadthfirst search of the entire web; instead  , it picks 64 hosts at a time and crawls these hosts in parallel. Our pattern matching approach interprets a question by creating a concise representation of the question string that preserves the semantics. And 200 times reproduction is carried out. For instance  , the GNU Standard C++ Library implements its basic stable sorting function using insertion-sort for small sequences  , and merge-sort for the general case. Other  , more sophisticated IBT approaches using the maximum subsequence optimization may still yield improvement  , but we leave this as future work. proposed to solve this problem by using Fourier Transformation 14. Formally  , the win-loss results of all two-player competitions generated from the thread q with the asker a  , the best answerer b and non-best answerer set S can be represented as the following set: Hence  , the problem of estimating the relative expert levels of users can be deduced to the problem of learning the relative skills of players from the win-loss results of generated two-player competitions. In an advanced search it is possible to formulate a query by selecting several fields to search. Similar in spirit  , PSI first chooses a low dimensional feature representation space for query and image  , and then a polynomial model is discriminatively learned for mapping the query-image pair to a relevance score. At the bottom of the screen  , YES/NO buttons allow users to submit a relevance judgement for this map/query pair. While classifiers differ  , we believe our results enable qualitative conclusions about the machine predictability of tags for state of the art text classifiers. Automatic query expansion is a widely used technique in IR. First  , we examine the effect of window size on the role composition of each forum. While soft matching for retrieval was studied before  , this is the first time it is applied in the CQA vertical search scenario. Here the appearance function g has to be based only on the image sequences returned from the tele-manipulation system. After they had completed all the search tasks  , a post-hoc interview was conducted to elicit the users' disposition towards the different methods of IQE  , and their general search experience. To be of any practical value  , the extra incurred overhead cost by the SPC can not outweigh the actual sensing costs. Using the MATLAB profiler 5000 executions  , 1ms clock precision  , 2 GHz clock speed on standard Windows 7 OS without any code optimization  , our classifier executes in 1ms per AE hit on average. Further research into query optimization techniques for Ad-Hoc search would be fruitful: this would also require an investigation into the trade offs with respect to effectiveness and efficiency found with such techniques. So without prior knowledge  , efficient search  , compare to trial and error   , is possible. Pearson Correlation Coefficient PCC is defined as the basis for the weights 4. A full list of 26 questions  , 150 questions from WebQuestions  , and 100 questions from QALD could be found on our website. Additionally  , the cluster centers Ki and the cluster radius ri are kept in a main memory list. One study built on the Wing-Kristofferson model to propose various model-fitting techniques for synchronization cases 16. In a first step the name is converted to its unique SMILES representation: For each matching SMARTS pattern  , we set the corresponding bit to 1. For each document in X represented as one row in X  , the corresponding row in V explicitly gives its projection in V. A is sometimes called factor loadings and gives the mapping from latent space V to input space X . This search necessity is a result of the attribute randomization phase encoding  where mapping of original attributes is many to one. Based on our experience  , topic words often exist for an information need. We discuss alternatives here  , which primarily vary in the extent to which they take advantage of the large distributed group and sort operations built into the MapReduce execution framework. The former group of methods can be divided into those that exploit query co-occurrences in the search logs  , and those that leverage the document click information such as random walks over query-document bipartite graphs. Through utilizing such ranking function  , the recursive feature elimination procedure on the feature set provides more insights into the importance of each feature to the total revenue. The product of a search task can be factual or intellectual and the goal of a search task can be either specific or amorphous. In a simulated study carried out in 18  , the author compares the retrieval performance of interactive query expansion and automatic query expansion with a simulated study  , and suggests that the potential benefits of the former can be hard to achieve. To compare the two approaches in detail  , we are interested in answering two questions. Second  , the proposed incremental optimization strategy has a limitation. The notation CHk  , q  , triggersize denotes the CH method with parameters k  , q and triggersize. The use of these techniques for document space representation has not been reported In the literature. To tackle this issue  , we resort to a technique called surrogate modeling or optimization transfer  , which approximates the original objective using a majorization/minorization function that is analytically or numerically efficient to compute. For each user  , we compute the weighted average of the top N similar users to predict the missing values. We consider a slightly more complicated example query with this operator " List for big cities their population number as a percentage of their state's population " : D cities select The smjoin operator performs a sort/merge join. We rather do the merge twice  , outputting only the scores in the first round  , doing a partial sort of these to obtain the min-k score  , and then repeat the merge  , but this time with an on-the-fly pruning of all documents with a bestscore below that min-k score. This method needs lots of hierarchical links as its training data. To establish an upper bound on our experimental results  , local search on full document text 2 was also conducted. Once a goal state is reached we have a sequence of desired relative push angles which we know will uniquely reorient a part regardless of its initial orientation because that initial orientation must be in the range of The goal of the breadth first search then is to arrive at a current state p   , such that lpgl = 27r. , Dutch. First  , among others  , Gini et al. Since the malicious part is encrypted  , the behavior of the active virus cannot be determined by program code checking. Web-based expansion  , on the other hand  , searches much larger external data sources of the Web  , and has shown to be an effective query expansion strategy for difficult queries Kwok  , Grunfeld & Deng  , 2005. rate  , receive-rate  , reply-rate  , replied-rate yield the best performance with AUC > 0.78 for female to sample male  , and AUC > 0.8 for male to sample female to male under the Random Forest model among all graph-based features. Generators hold a dct:description  , a sparql query :generator- Sparql and a link to a pattern :basedOnPattern. A maximal box around the nominal p 0 is obtained by increasing . This representation is finally translated into a binary image signature using random indexing for efficient retrieval. Links are explored from the starting page in breadth-first search using order of discovery for links at the same depth. This implies that  , if the transfer function from the input torque to some carefully chosen output can be shown to be passive  , a PD controller can be used to efficiently eliminate flexible link oscillations27. Search. First  , we describe its overall structure Sec. No suggestion provided by the spell-checker matches the regular expression generated by aligned outputs  , thus the word is correctly left unchanged. The first is Best- First search  , which prioritizes links in the frontier based on the similarity between the query and the page where the link was found. One of the main applications of QPP is selective Query Expansion 1. First  , the initial population is generated  , and then genetic operators  , such as Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. An important optimization technique is to avoid sorting of subcomponents which are removed afterwards due to duplicate elimination. Polynomial Semantic Indexing 232 PSI. A challenge in multi-database mining is a semantic heterogeneity among multiple databases because usually no explicit foreign key/link relationships exists among them. Lam-Adesina and Jones 12 applied document summarization to query expansion. First  , the K-best search is replaced with a search that obtains the shortest path through each node in the graph one for each path. Cancel stops a search in progress. This work could be extended in several directions. Note that figures 7 and 8 represent matching results of the sequences grouped into the same cluster. Figure 1: Zero-shot image tagging by hierarchical semantic embedding. The raw audio framebuffer is a collection e.g. On the other hand  , as 5 increases  , U also greatly increases because the subject needs large force to control the robot. Given their inherent overlap  , a mapping between the models is reasonable with some exceptions that require special attention. The rules with the highest weights then indicate the recommenders to be applied. , " who created wikipedia ? " If the graph is unreliable  , the optimization results will accordingly become unreliable. Xue et al. Also  , stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization. Overlaid on the video  , the observers could see a curve displaying their recent evaluation history See Figure 2-Bottom. For each position p  , we model the " normal " amount of attention a review at this rank gets using the parameter zp. 14  recently analyze places and events in a collection of geotagged photos using DBSCAN. Another attractive property is that the proposal is constant and does not depend on ztd  , thus  , we precompute it once for the entire MCMC sweep. This variant of hash join therefore resembles nested loop and sort-merge join in preserving orderings of outer relations. , detection of a target within unit area  , the state space for a uniform grid is necessarily L × L  , or in the presented example  , 256 2 = 65  , 536 nodes. EXSYST overcomes this problem by testing through the user interface  , rather than at the API level. Roughly speaking  , overall classification accuracy climbs up to 80.15% when all features are adopted. Connecting two components can be achieved by creating and compiling suitable glue code in the original programming language. As mentioned earlier  , a combined Lagrangian relaxation and dynamic programming method is developed . This could be due to the fact that we have trained our query expansion mechanism on long queries before noise reduction  , but not on long queries after noise reduction. Instead of solving the exact similarity search for high dimensional indexing  , recent years have witnessed active studies of approximate high-dimensional indexing techniques 20  , 14  , 25  , 3  , 8  , 11. Another notable difference is that HaskellDB is designed to work with functional programming languages whereas the SQL DOM is designed to be used from object oriented programming languages. Our model also outperforms a deep learning based model while avoiding the problem of having to retrain embeddings on every iteration. In addition to the manufacturer BMEcat files  , we took a real dataset obtained from a focused crawl whereby we collected product data from 2629 shops. The full-order observer is designed so as not to significantly alter the dynamics of the closed-loop system. Hashing methods 6  , 18  , 44  , 36  , 38 are proposed to address the similarity search problem within large scale data. The random walk sampler used a burn-in period of 1 ,000 steps. Normally the user cares "~. From the previous work on active learning 7 18  , measurement of uncertainty has played an important role in selecting the most valuable examples from a pool of unlabeled data. The vibration modes of the flexible beam are identified by the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , and illustrated in Fig. We use WordNet and some Web resources to find list of entities and tag their type.