The effect of such a dimension reduction in keyword-baaed document mpmmmtation and aubeequent self-organizing map training with the compreaaed input patterns is described in 32 . Also by merging smaller MDNs  , we increase the number of URLs corresponding to each central server  , which helps to generate more generic signatures. Otherwise  , the function returns the sum of number of insertions for each recursive node. Therefore we believe that the required amount of manual work for developers is rea- sonable. The OM regex contained 102 regular expressions of varying length. One key advantage of SJASM is that it can discover the underlying sentimental aspects which are predictive of the review helpfulness voting. A wildcard in a regular expression is associated in the SMA to a transition without a proper label: in other terms  , a transition that matches any signal  , and thus it fires at every iteration. 's simulated annealing solver. The keyword value  , as in domain constraint definitions  , provides a way of naming  , not the type  , bul the whole instance of the type or domain being referenced in an expression that is being evaluated it is often called self or this in programming languages. In particular  , the occurrence of the regular expression operators concatenation  , disjunction +  , zero-or-one  ? In routing  , the system uses a query and a list of documents that have been identified as relevant or not relevant to construct a classification rule that ranks unlabeled documents according to their likelihood of relevance. Three runs were submitted for the QA track. For Japanese  , we use a regular expression to match sentence endings  , as these patterns are more well defined than in English. result page  , but depending on the scenario more powerful languages may be needed that take the DOM tree structure of the HTML or even the layout of the rendered page into account. To this end  , we generate and then try to apply two types of patterns  , expressed in terms of a regular expression: one is aimed at describing author names the element regular expression  , or EREG  , and the other aimed at describing groups of delimiters between names the glue characters regular expression or GREG. For the rest of the discussion  , we will assume that the ISSUBSUMED boolean operator can be implemented by re-writing to the SQL/XML XMLExists function. Composition operators can be seen as deening regular expressions on a set of sequence diagrams  , that will be called references expressions for SDs. We will generate candidate URL patterns by replacing one segment with a regular expression each time. Second  , the editing is often conditional on the surrounding context. After all documents are indexed  , the data are aggregated and sent to the Self-Organizing Map for categorization. Current proposals for XML query languages lack most IR-related features  , which are weighting and ranking  , relevance-oriented search  , datatypes with vague predicates  , and semantic relativism. The approach taken in this paper suggests a framework for understanding user behavior in terms of demographic features determined through unsupervised modeling. In order to achieve a higher resolution in the Cspace and to efficiently use the occupied main memory  , we developed a reorganization mechanism of the C-space  , based on Kohonen's self-organizing feature map  , which is stated in section 5. They divide the abstract in two parts: the first  , static part showing statements related to the main topic of the document  , and weighted by the importance of the predicate of the triple  , while the second  , dynamic part shows statements ranked by their relevance to the query. In this paper  , predictive modeling and analyses have been conducted at two different levels of granularity. Finally  , we allow users to optionally specify some keywords that capture relevance and results which contain semantic matches are ranked highest. Future work will employ full multi-lingual and diverse temporal expression tagging  , such as that provided by HeidelTime 11  , to improve coverage and accuracy. In this paper  , we present a stochastic search technique using simulated annealing to solve the machine loading problem in FAS. Regular expression patterns are used to identify tags  , references  , figures  , tables  , and punctuations at the beginning or the end of a retrieved passage in order to remove them. This is accomplished with the following recursive function. We do not address xtract as Table 1already shows that even for small data sets xtract produces suboptimal results. pred is a function returning a boolean. Boolean operators and uncertainty operators have to be evaluated in a different way from the evaluation of semantic operators. at which character position  an expected markup structure is missing. It typically starts by translating the function body as if the inner call does nothing. The simplex attempts to walk downhill by replacing the 3741 vertex associated with the highest error by a better point. The formal definition of perplexity for a corpus D with D documents is: To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . For example the template page can be parsed by the legacy wiki engine page parser and " any character sequence " blocks or more specific blocks like " any blank character "  can be inserted where appropriate. Therefore  , such methods are not appropriate to be applied on feature sets generated from LOD. Since the type is recursive   , Build Surrogate Fn is invoked instead of Horizontal Optimization lines 23-26. Simulated Annealing the system has frozen. In the above argument we established that the iterative program will terminate whenever the original recursive program does and that the two programs will then return the same value. For custom parameterizations like the regular expression inference discussed above  , the user must define the cardinality function based on the parameterization. The two NLP tools required by this system are: recognition of basic syntactic phrases  , i.e. The actions of the rule consist in the closure method call and its own reactivation. The SOM is designed to create a two-dimensional representation of cells topologically arranged according to the inherent metric ordering relations between the samples in the feature space. Simple Semantic Association queries between two entities result in hundreds of results and understanding the relevance of these associations requires comparable intellectual effort to understanding the relevance of a document in response to keyword queries. If an interrupt restoring function is encountered  , we simply restore the state to X. To avoid ambiguity  , we insist that an atom in a domain specification be mentioned at most once. Notice that a regular expression has an equivalent automaton. Although our preliminary results address the sensibility of the measures  , a detailed investigation using several document corpora is still needed to reflect different topics and sizes. Pain is a very common problem experienced by patients  , especially at the end of life EOL when comfort is paramount to high quality healthcare. Generating the full question was done in the following way: We start with the original question. We present a relatively simple QA framework based on regular expression rewriting. Results are not displayed in the browser assistant but in the browser itself. The content layer is at the bottom  , since the similarity calculated based on low-level features does not have any well-defined mapping with object relevance perceived at semantic level. We assume that the tree has a well defined root  , and that a transaction attempting to construct a write quorum calls the recursive function WriteQuorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. The most relevant related work is on modeling predictive factors on social media for various other issues such as tie formation Golder and Yardi 2010   , tie break-up Kivran- Swaine  , Govindan  , and Naaman 2011  , tie strength Gilbert and Karahalios 2009 and retweeting Suh et al. Both risks may dramatically affect the classifier performance and can lead to poor prediction accuracy or even in wrong predictive models. Therefore  , we replace the equivalence with a weaker condition of similarity. There is already a very significant body of work around entailment for the Semantic Web 10  , based on description logics providing an underlying formal semantics for the various flavours of OWL. Our internal typing rules are predicated on the stronger typing system of XML Schema. The lower perplexity the higher topic modeling accuracy. The creation and distribution of potentially new publicly available information on Twitter is called tweeting. Latent semantic models based on the latent space matching approach learn vector representations for queries and documents  , such that the distance between a query vector vQ and a document vector vD reflects the degree of relevance of the document D to the query Q. The first string of the pattern i.e. The regular expression for word specifies a non-empty sequence of alphanumerics  , hyphens or apostrophes  , while the sentence recognize simply looks for a terminating period  , question mark  , or exclamation point. Configuration similarity simulated annealing CSSA  , based on 215  , performs random walks just like iterative improvement Figure 3Parameter tuning for GCSA but in addition to uphill  , it also accepts downhill moves with a certain probability  , trying to avoid local maxima. For a variable  , we can specify its type or a regular expression representing its value. After pruning these signatures with S benign1   , ARROW produced 2  , 588 signatures including the examples presented in Table 4. Second problem is that the model is more aggressive towards relevance due to the bias in the training dataset extracted from Mechanical Turk 80% Relevant class and 20% Non- Relevant. The first Horn clause is recursive in the sense that the relation ancestor appears on both the qualification and the consequent of it. Furthermore  , if a structurally recursive query is applied to non-recursive XML data  , the structural function inlining transforms a recursive function call into a finitely nested iterations sensitive to their local types. XTM provides support for the entire PERL regular-expression set. During evaluation of this expression  , the descriptor person would only match a label person on an edge. This is appropriate in our case because we want the most predictive tree while still modeling cannibalization. This parameter selection approach can be viewed as a function minimizing method  , where the input of the objective function is the parameter of the underlying learner and the value of the function is the aggregated error of the underlying method on a fixed optimization set. Most of the learning of regular languages from positive examples in the computational learning community is directed towards inference of automata as opposed to inference of regular expressions 5  , 43  , 48. Thus it has particular relevance for archaeological cross domain research. A hybrid methodology that uses simulated annealing and Lagrangian relaxation has recently been developed to handle the set-up problem in systems with three or more job classes ll. While sorting by relevance can be useful   , clearly the sequence of components in documents is typically based on something more meaningful. To investigate the robustness of this method  , we added the every type ofnoise to the integrated dataset of the three objects and examined rohustness of maps for categorization tasks under that various conditions. In summary  , the key contributions of this paper are as follows: 1 We present a novel image search system to enable users to search images with the requirement on the spatial distribution of semantic concepts. Digital items of this type represent cohesive semantic units that may be substantial in size  , requiring extensive effort to assess for relevance. The weighted version RW weights the semantic clusters based on the aggregate relevance levels of the tweets included in each cluster. We used sentence as window size to measure relevance of appearing concepts to the topic term. The standard way of deriving the semantics of a recursive function is to compute the least fixed point of its generating function. The confidence of a noun phrase is computed using a modified version of Eq. For each object of the DO plane  , an emanating relation arrow implies that in the methods section of the source object  , there is a function that generates the destination object. Note that when these values get instantiated they behave as terminals. The relevance of a query and a document is computed as the cosine similarity between their vectors in the semantic space. In test phase  , the sentences retrieved are spitted into short snippets according to the splitting regular expression " ,|-| " and all snippets length should be more than 40. The Litowski files contain two pieces of information useful to evaluation: the documents from which answers are derived  , and an answer " pattern "   , expressed as a regular expression  , that maps to a specific answer or set of answers that can be found in the relevant documents. Experimental results organizing an archive of MP3 music are presented in Section 4  , followed by some conclusions as well as an outlook on future work in Section 5. An important advantage of the statistical modeling approach is the ability to analyze the predictive value of features that are being considered for inclusion in the ranking scheme. where the function X is implemented witli recursive least squares.  The output of some string operations is reasonably approximated by a regular expression. The function stop_xss removes these three cases with the regular expression replacements on lines 531  , 545  , and 551  , respectively. The recursion should terminate when the output of the TRANSFORMER function is identical to its input. Thus the robots would need to explicitly coordinate which policies they &e to evaluate  , and find a way to re-do evaluations that are interrupted by battery changes. Notice that we are chasing to simplify the Icft-most  , outermost redex at each step above -this computation rule is known as rwrmuf-order reduction and it corresponds to the lazy evaluurion of function arguments. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. Since softassign determines the correspondence between data sets  , the exact correspondences are not needed in advance. In the next step  , we would like to analyze the effect of usercontributed annotations and semantic linkage on the effectiveness of the map retrieval system. It is designed to be used with formal query method and does not incorporate IR relevance measurements. Based on the assumption that users prefer those tweets related to the profile and popular in social media  , we consider social attributes as follow  ,  Then  , the semantic score and quality score are utilized to evaluate the relevance and quality of a tweet for a certain profile. Then  , a regular expression is used to extract all abbreviations from the articles. The fourth column lists the feature on which the regular expression or gazetteer as the case may be is evaluated. Useful information  , including name  , homepage  , rate and comment  , should be separated from web pages by regular expression. Then in 26  semantic relatedness measure is used to pick the meaning that has the highest relevance to the context where the ambiguous term appears. Therefore  , by modeling both types of dependencies we see an additive effect  , rather than an absorbing effect. For example  , in both cases AEi is always negative for some move i  , until a local minima is reached and such minima are few in the complete reconfiguration of the robot from the initial to the final configuration. However  , the configuration and tuning of the NLP-based passage trimming is complex  , and will require much further work to determine which UMLS semantic types are most informative about sentence relevance for each entity type. Figure 7 shows the result of simulated annealing in trajectory planning when applied to the example in figure 6d. Preliminary results showed that our topic-based defect prediction has better predictive power than state-of-the-art approaches. Even thouglh simulated annealing is a very powerful technique  , it has the uncertainties associated with a randomized approach. The system finally classifies a visit as male or female. Moves consist of matching case  , matching whole word  , Boolean operator  , wild card  , and regular expression. The theorem contains the condition thai the recursive function F be defined on a  , that the computation of Fa will terminate this condition is necessary for  , otherwise  , the iterative program will never terminate  , and therefore control will never reach finish at all. In order to implement this principle  , we would first parse the abstract to identify complete facts: the right semantic terms plus the right relationship among them  , as specified in the query topic. To improve the generalization ability of our model  , we introduce a second type of features referred to as regular expression regex features: However  , this can cause overfitting if the training data is sparse. The latter three variables were based on the topic classifications defined in the ImageCLEF 2007 4  , 5 and allow us to investigate how the Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. designed regular expression types for strings in a functional language with a type system that could handle certain programming constructs with greater precision than had been done before 23. This highlights the need to find a better similarity measure based on the semantic similarity rather than just textual overlap. The task is to estimate the relevance of the image and the query for each test query-image pair  , and then for each query  , we order the images based on the prediction scores returned by our trained ranking model. In this paper we do not address the problem of scalability or efficiency in determining the relevance of the ontologies  , in respect to a query. Collapse combines the properties in labels along a path to create a new label for the entire path. The generated predicate becomes two kinds of the following. Dissallowing any function symbols such a recursive Horn clause will have the form This means that we have a single recursive Horn clause and the recursive predicate appears in the antecedent only once. This phenomenon is extremely important to explore the semantic relevance when the label information is unknown. Hence  , the key issue of the extension is how to findkreate the relevance among different databases. An event pattern is an ordered set of strings representing a very simple form of regular expression. For example  , the atleast operator provides a compact representation of repetitions that seems natural even to someone not familiar with regular expression notation. 7+ is the operator of a regular expression meaning at least one occurrence. Using this similarity in a self organizing map  , we found clusters from visitor sessions  , which allow us to study the user behavior in the web. This is due to the fact that the Simulated Annealing method is a stochastic approach. The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α. An alternative strategy to cope with the problem is the approach based on statistical translation 2: A query term can be a translation of any word in a document which may be different from  , but semantically related to the query term; and the relevance of a document given a query is assumed proportional to the translation probability from the document to the query. These queries range from retrieving all features of an instance to fine-grained queries like searching for all methods that have a particular return type and whose names match a regular expression. The implementation of the regular-expression matching module is described in more detail in the paper by Brodie  , Taylor  , and Cytron 5. The difference is that the thing to be extracted is defined by the expression  , not the component itself. A well equipped and powerful system should be able to compare the content of the abstracts regarding their semantics  , i.e. This approach is similar in nature t o model-predictive-control MPC. In other words  , we aggregate the past behavior in the two modalities considered search queries and browsing behavior over a given time period  , and evaluate the predictiveness of the resulting aggregated user profile with respect to behavior occurring in a  sequent period. Our predictive models are based on raw geographic distance How many meters is the ATM from me ? propose a refinement of the approach presented in 11 for reachability formulae which combines state space reduction techniques and early evaluation of the regular expression in order to improve actual execution times when only a few variable parameters appear in the model. For instance  , the Alembic workbench 1 contains a sentence splitting module which employs over 100 regular-expression rules written in Flex. Figure 3is similar to Figure 2  , but compare the percent of relevant tweets with the volume of newly discovered content . However  , to the best of our knowledge  , application of simulated annealing to disambiguate overlapping shapes is a novel contribution. This ensures that our dataset enables measuring recall and all of the query-document matches  , even non-trivial  , are present. Both the Mozer and the Bein and Smolensky models used a-constant link weight between terms and document$ CODEFINDER extends the model further by making use of inverse document frequency measures for link weights. The constraints used were similarity in image intensity and smoothness in disparity . In contrast  , the methods in 9  first generate a finite automaton for each element name which in a second step is rewritten into a concise regular expression. For some applications  , the running time performance of the SSNE detector can be a crucial factor. These common data types are used across different domains and only require one-time static setup– e.g. In what follows  , we will present the technique circum­ venting this problem with the two-dimensional sys­ tem 7 as example. This generic representation is a list of regular expressions  , where each regular expression represents the links occurring in a page the crawler has to follow to reach the target pages. Candidate phrases are phrases that match a pre-defined set of regular expression patterns. First  , the difference of the number of modules and the number of overlapping modules of any two configurations with the same number of modules defined as overlap metric in Section 3 is considered. For any regular expression  , we allow concatenation AND and plus OR to be commutative and define a commuted regular expression of regular expression e to be any regular expression that can be derived from e by a sequence of zero or more commutative operations. We will show that categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach returns better result than not-categorized  , not-weighted approaches. Third  , we identify features of signal clusters that are independent of any particular topic and that can be used to effectively rank the clusters by their likelihood of containing a disputed factual claim. Usually  , such patterns take into account various alternative formulations of the same query. Example of the possible rule: person_title_np = listi_personWord src_  , hum_Cap2+ src_  , $setHUM_PERSON/2 Also  , they support the regular expression style for features of words. For notational simplicity  , we assume that each regular expression in a conjunctive query Q is distinct. on a Wikipedia page are extracted by means of a recursive regular expression. Given a semantic user query regarding the relevance of the extracted triples consisting of basic graph patterns and implemented as SPARQL query; a query expressed in natural language might be: " Retrieve all acquisitions of companies in the smartphone domain. " The density maps for three TREC topics are shown in Figure 2above. In 14  , the authors present the X-Scan operator for evaluating regular path expression queries over streaming XML data. It is the latter capability that allows us to define aggregate functions simply. By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. Or it may be possible that the required regular expression is too complicated to write. For example  , while an expression can be defined to match any sequence of values that can be described by a regular expression  , the language does not provide for a more sophisticated notion of attribute value restrictions. We discuss the method used to obtain accepting regular expressions as well as the ranking heuristics below. In this section we employ a graph-rewriting approach to transform a SOA to a SORE. Bindings link to a PatternParameter and a value through the :parameter and :bindingValue properties respectively. As Gupta et al 10 comment the most successful systems are those which an organizing structure has been imposed on the data to give it semantic relevance. If a regular expression matched one or more paragraphs  , those paragraphs were extracted for further feature engineering. In the following section  , five pictogram categories are described  , and characteristics in pictogram interpretation are clarified. However  , practical difficulties arise in two aspects. At high temperatures most moves are accepted and the simplex roams freely over the search space. 3Table 4 : Example parameters for simulated annealing applied to the data point disambiguation prob- lem. That is  , our hierarchical histogram is constructed by applying our recursive function until it reaches the level l. In our experiments  , l = 3 gave us good results. It has also become clear that in order to arrive to an executable benchmark  , we needed to exclude significant parts of a semantic search system. To be truly general-purpose  , a model management facility would need to factor out the inferencing engine module that can manipulate these expressions  , so that one could plug different inferencing engines into the facility. The extractor is implemented as a module that can be linked into other information integration systems. One element name is designated as the start symbol. Table 6 provides a matrix of the changes in relevance labels for the documents returned in the top position for each query Next  , we take a closer look at the changes brought about by the inclusion of metafeatures in the combination of latent semantic models. Question parsing and generating full questions is based on regular expression rewriting rules. An analogous approach has been used in the past to evaluate similarity search  , but relying on only the hierarchical ODP structure as a proxy for semantic similarity 7  , 16. performs a global translation  , rather than a recursive one as in the previous cases  , in which case the Decendents function returns the empty set. by enumeration  , via a regular expression  , or via ad hoc operators specific to text structure such as proximity  , positional and inclusion operators for instance  , in the style of the model for text structure presented in 14. Second  , we have looked at only one measure of predictive performance in our empirical and theoretical work  , and the choice of evaluation criterion is necessarily linked to what we might mean by predictability. While our techniques are fully general  , we have emphasized the fixed level cases in our reporting so that we can make comparisons with results in the literature. Others like 6 proposes a rule-based on-line scheduling system for an FMS that generates appropriate priority rules to select a transition to be fired from a set of conflicting transitions. For the example mentioned above  , our code produces the regular expression fs.\.*\.impl. are used with simulated annealing where C denotes the current configuration of the robot and F denotes the final configuration desired. LSP is composed of lexical entries  , POS tag  , semantic category and their sequence  , and is expressed in regular expression. The third contribution is analyzing the progression of intention through time. This helps us encode certain type of trails as a regular expression over an alphabet. Kacimi and Gamper propose a different opinion diversification framework for controversial queries 17  , 18 : three criteria are considered for diversification: topical relevance  , semantic diversification  , and sentiment diversification. Next  , we replace the digits in the candidate with a special character and obtain a regular expression feature. The adjacent semantic link panel lists links to more content that is of relevance to what is displayed in the content panel. This method is able to search the solution space and find a good solution for the problem. For example  , the presence of the term " neurologist " is unlikely to convey the same impact to a document's relevance as the presence of " astrocytosis. " Of course  , high temporal correlation does not guarantee semantic relevance. defined in Section II-D with each g re from the set of regular expression templates RELib˜pRELib˜ RELib˜p . Second  , the L p -norm distance form of the above model reflects the coverage of keywords  , and p ≥ 1 controls the strength of ANDsemantics among keywords. For example  , query select project.#.publication selects all of the publications reachable from the project node via zero or more edges. Initial template is constructed based on structure of one page and then it is generalized over set of pages by adding set of operators   , if the pages are structurally dissimilar. If information about the topological order of the training data is provided  , or can be inferred   , only a very small data set is required. In case of a cycle i.e. To date  , no transparent syntactical equivalent counterpart is known. Table 3shows our findings for the protein ferredoxin protein data bank ID 1DUR  , formerly 1FDX that shows two occurrences of this pattern. Our method presupposes a set of pictograms having a list of interpretation words and ratios for each pictogram. All other relational notions are defined in terms of these primitives and recursive function composition. This is because if there is a move possible which reduces energy   , simulated annealing will always choose that and in that case the value of the ratio AEIT does not influence the result. We offer this description to demonstrate that evidence gleaned from pseudo-queries could have non-temporal applications  , calling the induced model R a document's " semantic profile. " Thus  , the key to recursive design for time­ delay systems is how to overcome this difficulty to construct recursively the virtual control law in each step such that in the final step the derivative of the Lyapunov-Razumikhin function of the system is neg­ ative whenever the Razumikhin condition holds. In order to identify what function class we focus our consideration on  , we adopt the syntactic restrictions of the state-of-the-art work on structural recursion 3  , which define the common form of structurally recursive function. Thus  , the operations of the domain abstract data types can be mixed freely with tuple operations in expressions and recursive function definitions. After explicit feature mapping 18  , the cosine similarity is used as the relevance score. We remove proper nouns because we observed that if a particular proper noun occurs in a news article and a reader comment frequently  , then the cosine similarity score will be high  , but the actual content of the comment and the news article might not be similar. Semantic errors were reported to developers who quickly confirmed their relevance and took actions to correct them. Note that  , some references may have been cited more than once in the citing papers. An SDTD is restrained competition iff all regular expressions occurring in rules restrain competi- tion. The regular expression rules are sensitive to text variations and the need for the user to come up with markup rules can limit GoldenGATE's application. The relevance is then computed based on the similarity between two bags of concepts. We are building our theory by fii defining the concepts of higher level theories or formalisms in terms of our primitives and then proving their properties mechanically. The basic idea is to utilize the recursive function call mechanism of the C language. As already noted  , a pure regular expression that expresses permutations must have exponential size. A final problem of particular relevance to the database community is the manifest inability of NLIs to insure semantic correctness of user queries and operations. Second  , reference expressions in user-defined functions might involve local variables  , which are meaningless outside the function context. For example  , we can think of a query //title as a nondeterministic finite automaton depicted in Figure 8  , and define two structurally recursive functions from the automaton. Each secondary structure is input to the FSM one character at a time until either the machine enters a final matching state or it is determined that the input sequence does not match the query sequence. In Section 5 we will discuss a possible spectrum of validators . These searching functions are rarely used on the Internet environment; the improvement is seldom used in the Internet. The GoldenGATE editor natively provides basic NLP functionality like gazetteer Lists and Regular Expression patterns. Planning of motion has exploited the strength of simulated annealing 15  , distributed approaches 13 ,16-171  , closed-chain reconfiguration  181 and multi-layered solvers  10 ,12 ,19. In order to use the self-organizing map to cluster text documents  , the various texts have to be represented as the histogram of its words. The recursive function definitions of universal and existential quantification are given in section 5. We apply simulated annealing SA in order to resolve individual data points within a region of overlap. Figure 4shows an example. − Encoding the set of descendant tags: The size of the input document being a concern  , we make the rather classic assumption that the document structure is compressed thanks to a dictionary of tags into the document hierachy at the price of making the DescTag function recursive. The quantifier defines to how many nodes from the set the single node must be connected by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. The second most matched rule is another regular expression that resulted in another 11% of the rule matches. We extracted around 8.8 million distinctive phone entity instances and around 4.6 million distinctive email entity instances. The significance of the new context-based approach lies in the greatly improved relevance of search results. Thus users clicked on blue and were presented with predominantly blue images  , we believe that this meant that the users were evaluating the relevance of the return more on the colour than the semantic relevance. This method only requires function evaluations  , not derivatives. Locating a piece of music on the map then leaves you with similar music next to it  , allowing intuitive exploration of a music archive. As such  , any mapping from histories to histories that can be specified by an event expression can be executed by a finite automaton. 7 introduced "simulated annealing" principle to a multi-layered search for the global maximum. In practice  , many regular expression guards of transactions are vacuous leading to a small number of partitions. Nonetheless  , POS tags alone cannot produce high-quality results. Equations 1-5 represent a few simple formulas that are used in this study. The basic assumption of a cognitive basis for a semantic distance effect over thesaurus terms has been investigated by Brooks 8  , in a series of experiments exploring the relevance relationships between bibliographic records and topical subject descriptors. Bigrams  , with tagging .60 Results with the language model can be improved by heuristically combining the three best scoring models above unigrams with no tagging and the two bigram models. Simulated Annealing: Guided evolutionary simulated annealing GESA 19 combines simulated annealing and simulated evolution in a novel way.   , zero-or-more  *   , and oneor-more  +  in the generated expressions is determined by a user-defined probability distribution. Similar in spirit  , PSI first chooses a low dimensional feature representation space for query and image  , and then a polynomial model is discriminatively learned for mapping the query-image pair to a relevance score. A cutoff value of 0.5 was used for the three semantic relevance approaches. This expression can be evaluated to a mathematical formula which represents any arbitrary reachability property. Many works on key term identification apply either fixed or regular expression POS tag patterns to improve their effectiveness . Relevance: On the one hand all of our data is exposed through different formats  , which limits not only their integration and semantic interpretation but also any kind of basic inference across data sources. In other words  , it would never be computationally possible to apply a semantic relevance check to millions of components.   , two extraction components for non-ontological entities have been implemented: person name extractor for Finnish language and regular expression extractor. We also write some regular expression to match some type of entities . Here are some examples from our knowledge base: These patterns are expressed in regular expression. A content expression is simply a regular expression ρ over the set of tokens ∆. Due to the recursive nature of the approach  , such a procedure would have to be applied for any object at any recursive level. Yet easier  , PCRE the most widespread regular expression engine supports callouts 20   , external functions that can be attached to regular expression markers and are invoked when the engine encounter them. The protocol tries to construct a quorum by selecting the root and a majority of its children. We have implemented all documented tgrep functions in our engine and have additionally implemented both regular expression matching of nodes and reflection-based runtime specification of predicate functions . In many IR tasks document similarity refers to semantic " relevance " among documents  , which are could be syntactically very different but still relevant. Based on these observations  , we proposed three measures namely degree of category coverage DCC  , semantic word bandwidth SWB and relevance of covered terms RCT. This effect is similar to that of the XQuery core's relating projection to iteration . With the same objective  , genetic search strategies Goldberg891 can be applied to query optimization  , as a generalization of randomized ones EibengOl. Further  , they propose the use of simulated annealing to attempt to solve the reconfiguration problem. Abnormal aging and fault will result in deviations with respect to normal conditions. As the value nears zero  , the pictogram becomes less relevant; hence  , a cutoff point is needed to discard the less relevant pictograms. Regular expressions were developed to pattern match sentence construction for common question types. The offer expression stands out with relatively good precision for a single feature. This operation eliminates redundant central servers without compromising their coverage  , and thus reduces the total number of signatures and consequently computationally expensive  , regular expression matching operations. dynamic programming  , greedy  , simulated annealing  , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 22. The quantifiers define how many nodes from within the " left " set must be connected to how many nodes from the " right " set by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. Concatenation   , alternation  , and transitive closure are interpreted as function composition  , union  , and function transitive closure respectfully. Only part 1 of the questionnaire was utilized  , which is composed of six semantic differentials mental demand  , physical demand  , temporal demand  , performance  , effort and frustration  , all rated between 0 and 100. On the other hand semantic types such as  , " disease and syndrome "   , "sign or symptoms"  , "body part" were assigned the highest possible weight  , as they would be very critical is determining the relevance of a biomedical article. The designated start symbol has only one type associated with it. In brief  , template is a generalized tree-based regular expression over structure of pages seen till now. ' Recursive splitting due to parent page overflows are handled in the same way. In Figure 6we provide a typical result from training a self-organizing map with the NIHCL data. Query trees present the same limitations as 15   , and are also not capable of expressing if/then/else expressions; sequences of expressions since we require that the result of the query always be an XML document; function applications; and arithmetic and set operations. The specification /abc|xyz/ is a regular expression representing the set of strings {abc  , xyz}. The transfer function frequency bins may further be smoothened through a recursive least square technique. For each regular expression in RT  we construct the corresponding nondeterministic finite automaton NDFA using Thomson's construction 13. Osprey takes as an additional input a configuration file that allows new definitions for unit prefixes  , unit aliases  , and unit factors that can be used in unit annotations. A self-organizing feature map consists of a two-dimensional array of units; each unit is connected to n input nodes  , and contains a ndimensional vector Wii wherein i ,j identifies the unit at location Ci ,jJ of the array. If we could store the results of following the path expression through a more direct path shown in Figure 2b  , the join could be eliminated: SELECT A.subj FROM predtable AS A  , WHERE A.author:wasBorn = ''1860'' Using a vertically partitioned schema  , this author:wasBorn path expression can be precalculated and the result stored in its own two column table as if it were a regular property. A conversation specification for S is a specification S e.g. Fernandez and Dan Suciu 13 propose two query optimization techniques to rewrite a given regular path expression into another query that reduces the scope of navigation. These findings have profound implications for user modeling and personalization applications  , encouraging focus on approaches that can leverage users' browsing behavior as a source of information. To summarize  , we propose to replace the UPA and EDC constraint in the XML Schema specification by the robust notion of 1PPT. A high sparseness parameter leads to rules that have a few large and many small but non-zero coefficients.