For doing that    , the downhill Simplex method takes a set of steps. Further investigation is needed to take full advantage of the prior information provided by term weighting schemes. Next    , we calculate the probability of being positive or negative regarding each topic    , P pos|z and P neg|z using pseudo-training images    , assuming that all other candidates images than pseudo positive images are negative samples. We use this value to predict user's interest in a page which he has not yet visited but which other users have. One is a variant of the Bellcore SuperBook system
Experiments
In an effort to compare the image and text versions of the same material    , we ran some systematic experiments at Cornell    , using 36 students as experimental subjects in a controlled sitation. Are ties effective for enhancing the performance of the ranking functions  ? EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
 As discussed above    , the standard design used in systembased IR evaluations is the repeated-measures design. For the time being    , we execute both user defined functions and normal DBMS code within the same address space. Most steps just move the point of the simplex where the objective value is largest highest point to a lower point with the smaller objective value. 3 Information hiding/unhiding by folding tree branches. The users can highlight any text from the search snippets or whole document and add it to the notebook by a single button click. Search terms can easily be highlighted in found documents if they are presented using the internal representation; otherwise some word-by-word positional mapping back to the original may be needed. EVALUATION
We trained a support vector machine classifier with an RBF kernel implemented in the WEKA machine learning workbench 
Metrics
We used four standard classification metrics to evaluate system performance. We have shown very competitive results relative to the LETOR-provided baseline models. The LFA strategy is a special case of the generalized LFA strategy with l = 1. We focused on the problem of opinion topic relatedness and we showed that using proximity information of opinionated terms to query terms is a good indicator of opinion and query-relatedness. The results are listed in 
To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method    , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. LIB is similar in spirit to IDF and its value represents the discriminative power of the term when it appears in a document. We measure its value as the Shannon entropy of a location: 
Hl = − ï¿¿ u∈N h S l p l u logp l u 4 
where p l u is the probability that a given check-in in place l is made by user u. Participants were recruited through advertisements in the staff and student mailing lists of Alfred Hospital    , and Melbourne University. LIF    , on the other hand    , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . Baseline for comparison was a simple string match of the query to interpretation words having a ratio greater than 0.5 5 . We generated four query sets    , although space aliens in black helicopters managed to prevent two of them from appearing in the official query track collection. Specifically    , we use Clickture as " labeled " data for semantic queries and train the ranking model. F itness2 = RI * 10 − W I * 2 
EXPERIMENTS
In this section    , we present the results of the experiments we have performed to evaluate our proposed GP-based approach to deduplication. Experimental Conditions
 We refined our basic survey idea into a 2 x 4 betweensubjects design. Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels    , product classes    , properties    , value instances    , and top-level classes for each product ontology. The replicated examples were used both when fitting model parameters and when tuning the threshold. Introduction
Various types of user studies can support the design and evaluation of digital libraries.   , Quasi-Newton optimization method in this paper. This was not so clear about our application in the relevance part of semantic data – in the form of the lexicon of referential equivalents. Trustworthiness of an identity: The likelihood that the identity will respect the terms of service ToS of its domain in the future    , denoted by T rustID. This would require extending the described techniques    , and creating new QA benchmarks. To obtain the ontology    , we explored the semantic distributions in the domain of personal photos by mining frequent tags from active users in Flickr. Tweet Representation
In order to obtain tweet representation    , we adopt the min    , max    , and average convolutional layers for compositionality learning in vector-based semantics    , similar to the work proposed by 
EXPERIMENTAL SETUP
 In order to evaluate our proposed approach    , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. The MLP-based system achieved run-times ranging from 17 s for the first iteration to almost 20 min for the final iteration. Specifically    , we consider three classes of signals: 
 User Because of user specialisation    , we expect that most of the repin activities of the user is restricted to only a few categories    , and furthermore    , even amongst these categories    , there may be a skewed interest favouring certain categories over others . Image relevance was also considered to be a factor for this experiment. As a result    , the precision/recall values are much lower than the results of human evaluation. This paper focuses on comparing the basic    , entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods in the case that the index data structure fits in main memory. ln the experiments reported in this paper we have also incremented document scores by some factor but the differences between our experiment and Croft's work are the methods used for identifying dependencies from queries    , and the fact that syntactic information from document texts sentence a.nd phrase boundaries is used in our work. Asian cultures emphasize the fundamental relatedness of individuals to each other    , with a focus on living harmoniously with others 
Cultural differences in online communities 
 As computing and communication technologies have spread around the world    , researchers have studied cultural differences in technology use. We used a mixed method approach to develop a thorough picture of existing practices around social learning and the impact of So.cl. However    , evidences show that even if there exists a strong correlation between the number of blog mentions of a new product and the sales rank of the product    , it could still be very difficult to make a successful prediction of sales ranks based on the number of blog mentions 
Blog mentions
Let us look at the following two movies    , The Da Vinci Code and Over the Hedge    , which are both released on 
Box office data and user rating
Besides the blogs    , we also collect for each movie one month's box office data daily gross revenue from the IMDB website 2 . 9 
 By selecting the mean squared error MSE as loss    , the loss function can be expressed as: 
min B  ,Θ ||B fWX − Y|| 2 + λ1 2 K k=1 ||β k − θ parentk || 2 + λ2 2 ||Θ|| 2 . Datasets: We focus on the Gov2 dataset that has 25 million documents and 150 queries 
x i −minx i  maxx i −minx i  
where minxi and maxxj are the minimum and maximum values respectively of xi for all documents in the same query. 6 can be estimated by maximizing the following data log-likelihood function    , 
Lω    , α= M u=1 N v=1 log Nz z=1  1 Ze u exp j=1 αzjgjeu δruv K i=1 ωzifieu    , dv 
7 
where M is the number of the entities and N is the number of the documents in training set. He found the logarithm of the number of distinguishable states of the storage device to be intuitively acceptable and that    , when he I used it    , it worked. Rule definition
The rule definition module is a modular tool which offers a language for rule programming and a rule programming interface for dynamic creation or modification of rules within an application. Goals 
The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory JHU/APL is a second-time entrant in the TREC Category A evaluation. The second author is grateful to Esther and Kiri for their loving support and dedicates this work to Joshua and Jacob. Anil Dash    , a tech blogger and entrepreneur    , has written about his experiences being on the old version of the suggested users list 
Date 
Very shortly after being put on the old suggested user list on Oct. 2    , 2009    , Mr. A recent study of Twitter as a whole    , gathered by breadth-first search    , collected 1.47 billion edges in total 
Impact of the Suggested Users List
Given that the overall celebrity follow rate halved when Twitter switched to the categorical suggested users list    , it is clear that being on the suggested users list increases the acquisition of new followers substantially. Cultural Focus: To quantify the extent to which a party i reveals a cultural focus F on few selected hashtags or users facts    , the normalized Shannon entropy 
F σ i  = 1 − − n j=1 pa j  * log 2 p  a j  log 2 n 1 
Here    , pa j  corresponds to the frequency of a cultural fact a j for party i divided by the frequency of all other facts of that party. Assuming an industrial setting    , long-term attention models that include the searcher's general interest in addition to the current session context can be expected to become powerful tools for a wide number of inference tasks. Most students have some experience in using the UML and object oriented programming through university courses and industrial internships. Implicit User Social Relationships
As mentioned in Section 1    , all the social recommendation approaches need to utilize the additional explicit user social information    , which may limit the impact and utilization of these approaches. Language modeling with relevance model RM2 
dbpWISTUD 
 This run integrated background knowledge from DBpedia and applied the semantic enrichment strategies described in Section 2.2. The experiment involved the participants using the Firefox extension of the tag mapping tool within their browser on their own personal computer over a two week period. The two functions will be used to evaluate both our GPbased approach and the baseline method in our experiments. The use of the 
q W v W . Therefore    , we need to deal with potentially infinite number of related learning problems    , each for one of the query q ∈ Q. Moreover in 28% of searches documents were saved only from the top 25. A sensitivity question is whether this approach generates a larger candidate set than the other approaches or not. To retrieve better intention-conveying pictograms using a word query    , we proposed a semantic relevance measure which utilizes interpretation words and frequencies collected from a web survey. In the within-project setting i.e. The model is based on PLSA    , and authorship    , published venues and citation relations have been included in it. First    , with similar query times    , the query-directed probing sequence requires significantly fewer hash tables than the step-wise probing sequence. Our approach requires each owner i to associate a value vig to preference g proportional to how important this preference is for him. , 
κ = m l=1 1 m κ l     , 
 and adopts this combined kernel for KLSH. We compare the weighted memory-based approach by incorporating our weighting scheme to standard memory-based approach including the Pearson Correlation Coefficient PCC method    , the Vector Similarity VS method    , the Aspect Model AM    , and the Personality Diagnosis PD method. For example    , in 
Modeling Subtleties. The Clarke-Tax approach ensures that users have no incentive to lie about their true intentions. The interaction design included 30 complex questions; for each    , participants could submit a URL to an interactive system. Third    , as we move from a university to a national level    , our data warehousing solution may not scale when different annotation    , experimental and clinical data is gathered at multiple institutions. To the best of our knowledge    , ours is the first attempt at learning and applying character-level tweet embeddings . We prove that IMRank    , starting from any initial ranking     , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. The experiment primarily explored how improved levels of inter-rater reliability can be achieved and was intended to generate a set of 'correctly' aligned documents a gold standard set for testing and improving lesson plan retrieval. Experiments on several benchmark collections showed very strong per-formances of LIT-based term weighting schemes. Our method can not only discover topic milestone papers discussed in previous work    , but also explore venue milestone papers and author milestone papers. This basic unit of objective information    , the bit    , was more formally related to thermodynamics by Szilard. Comparison with other feature selection methods
To test the effectiveness of using appraisal words as the feature set    , we experimentally compare ARSA with a model that uses the classic bag-of-words method for feature selection     , where the feature vectors are computed using the relative frequencies of all the words appearing in the blog entries. In this example    , P-DBSCAN forms better clusters since it takes local density into account. Semantic Relatedness
The first evaluation is based on the SemEval 2015-Task 1: Paraphrase and Semantic Similarity in Twitter 
Sentiment Classification
The second evaluation is based on the SemEval 2015-Task 10B: Twitter Message Polarity Classification 
CONCLUSION AND FUTURE WORK
In this paper    , we presented Tweet2Vec    , a novel method for generating general-purpose vector representation of tweets    , using a character-level CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder architecture . To compute the similarity weights w i  ,k between users ui and u k     , several similarity measures can be adopted    , e.g. Note that F w is a sum of a finite number of strongly convex and smooth functions and Rw is a general convex function that is non-differentiable. As shown in 
CONCLUSIONS
 This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. Overall Approach
We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space    , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. We also studied query independent features on an Support Vector Machine classifier. This model enables the analytical development of experimental designs with different engineering and efficiency tradeoffs. The evaluation results are given in 
Result II. This dataset contains the purchase history from 2004-01-01 to 2009-03-08. We then proposed different aspects for characterizing reference quality    , including context coherence    , selection clarity    , and reference relevance with respect to the selection and the context. Besides its advantages in learning efficiency and accuracy    , our approach has one other important benefit specific to the Web. While English was also the most popular choice for TREC-7    , the percentage of runs that used non-English topics was substantially higher 7 out of 17. KLSH-Weight: We evaluate the mAP performance of all kernels on the training set    , calculate the weight of each kernel w.r.t. Building conversation systems    , in fact    , has attracted much attention over the past decades. We will refer to this characteristic of one-to-many correspondence in meaning-to-pictogram and an associative measure of ranking pictograms according to interpretation relevancy as assisting selection of pictograms having shared interpretations. However    , the experimental design also created a context for studying and comparing the behavior and judgment of users as they themselves search for aligned documents vs.how they act when evaluating the alignment of document/standard pairs suggested by others. Applying 
the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. RELATED WORK
The results of Gray et al. Each metric captures a unique aspect of the classifier's performance. Each perturbation vector is directly applied to the hash values of the query object    , thus avoiding the overhead of point perturbation and hash value computations associated with the entropy-based LSH method. To represent a specific node in S    , previous work tries to find matches in the skipgram model for every phrase    , and average the corresponding vectors 
EMPIRICAL EVALUATION
This section presents an evaluation to verify our proposal    , compared with the baseline model 
Setup
Training Label Set Y0. , http://searchmsn n.com/results.aspx  ?q=machine+learning&form=QBHP. To simplify our experiments    , we dropped the document segments that were in the gold standard but were not in the ranked list of selected retrieved segments although we could have kept them by folding them into the LSA spaces. Further assuming under this condition that the Web application is invulnerable induces a false negative discussed in Section 5 as PF L |V  ,D. If an injection succeeds    , it serves as an example of the IKM learning from experience and eventually producing a valid set of values. , model-based and model-free approaches 
Transfer Deep Learning
Deep learning began emerging as a new area of machine learning research in 2006 
ONTOLOGY FOR PERSONAL PHOTOS
We propose to design an ontology for personal photos    , since the vocabulary of general Web images is often too large and not specific to personal photos. The experiments show that with our estimate of the relevance model    , classical probabilistic models of retrieval outperform state-of-the-art heuristic and language modeling approaches. In this paper we developed a statistical model to understand and quantify these effects    , and explored their practical impact on benchmarking . The play is divided into acts in such a way that each act has a fixed set of actors participating objects fitting conveniently on the scene scenario diagram. The encoding procedure can be summarized as: 
H conv = CharCN N T  6 ht = LST M gt    , ht−1 7 
where g = H conv is an extracted feature matrix where each row can be considered as a time-step for the LSTM and ht is the hidden representation at time-step t. LSTM operates on each row of the H conv along with the hidden vectors from previous time-step to produce embedding for the subsequent time-steps. Since SGML provides a document exchange model rather than a general purpose data model 
Basic SGML Constructs
 Standard Generalized Mark-up Language SGML is an international stan- dard 
line 15 indicates that the corresponding elements actor line 7 and place line 14 have no content    , when these attributes have values. However    , diaeerent research communities have associated diaeerent partially incompatiblee interpretations with the values returned from such score functions     , such astThe fuzzy set interpretation ë2    , 8ë    , the spatial interpretation originally used in text databases    , the metric interpetation ë9ë    , or the probabilistic interpretation underlying advanced information retrieval systems ë10ë. The Map class supports dynamic programming in the Volcano-Mapper    , for instance  because goals are only solved once and the solution physical plan stored. Our document scoring    , αD    , our region scoring βR    , and our field scoring γF  are discussed in depth in the following sections. Central to this strategy was the development of a superior professional workstation    , subsequently named Star    , that was to provide a major step forward in several different domains of office automation. Additional experiments have to point out which reason or reasons actually explain the experimental results the best. Then    , two paralleled embedding layers are set up in the same embedding space    , one for the affirmative context and the other for the negated context    , followed by their loss functions. For QALD-4 dataset    , it was observed that 21 out of 24 queries with their variations were correctly fitted in NQS. Our monolingual results for the four languages    , using the human-translated queries provided by NIST    , were significantly below those seen on the TREC-7 CLIR task: The reasons for this drop in performance are unclear. To this end    , a qualitative and two preliminary quantitate evaluations have been carried out. The relevance judgments are supplied in a format amenable to TREC evaluation . This approach leads to equations 
λ δ = argmax i P R|q δ     , λ i  λ γ = argmax i P R|q γ     , λ i  
that show how the probability of R is conditioned both by the model λ i and by the state sequence of the global or optimal paths. While videogames represent an important part of our cultural and economic landscape    , deep theory development in the field of Game Studies    , particularly theory related to creativity    , is lacking. LSH INDEXING
The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. However    , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic    , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory    , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. Furthermore    , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. The experimental design of the track was similar to that of the previous three years 
For the 2014 track    , sessions were obtained from workers on Amazon's Mechanical Turk. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods    , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. . We then refine this and predict which pinboard is used    , if the category chosen by the user is known. SIGIR 
CNN-LSTM ENCODER-DECODER
In this section    , we describe the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model that operates at the character level and generates vector representation of tweets. PREDICTING REFERENCE QUALITY
 We model reference quality from three aspects: the coherence of the context    , the clarity of the selection    , and the relevance of the reference with respect to the selection and the context. For each topic    , the table lists the most probable words for the topic under its DCM parameters along with the words in the book most frequently assigned to the topic. Twenty-one participants were recruited from the UMD community. 100 for more details on the geometry of statistical models. INTRODUCTION
Cross lingual information retrieval CLIR has been one of the major research areas in information retrieval during last few years 
LEARNING
Statistical Translation Models
Let's assume that the language of queries is Chinese and the language of documents is English. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. For example    , if the query is " night "     , relevant pictograms are first selected using the highest semantic relevance value in each pictogram    , and once candidate pictograms are selected    , the pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category    , which in this case is the TIME category. The assumption 2 VERTICAL POSITION BIAS ASSUMPTION is modeled by 4 and 6. TEXT REPRESENTATION FOR TEXT CATEGORIZATION SUBTASKS
The track provided the full text of the journal articles in both SGML and XML form. Experiments
In this section we describe our experimental design for the collection of preference judgements. Leading into TREC 2007 it was empirically determined that the models based on grouping questions by answer types was most effective     , and so was the configuration used for the TREC 2007 test set. This reconfirms previous observations that modeling dependencies via the use of proximity features within the MRF has more of an impact on larger    , noisier collections than smaller    , well-behaved ones. Ultimately we used 92 bilingual aspects from 33 topics    , including 3 Chinese aspects that could only be used as training data for English aspect classification because each of them had only 4 segments. propose a simpler yet more effective solution for image embedding 
ZERO-SHOT IMAGE TAGGING
Problem Statement
 Given an unlabeled image    , the goal of zero-shot image tagging is to automatically tag the image with labels that have no training examples available. CLIR-Track Task Description
Similarly to last year    , CLIR track participants were asked to retrieve documents from a multilingual pool containing documents in four different languages. Five different learning coefficients ranging: from 0.002 to 0.1 are experimented. CONCLUSIONS
In this paper    , we propose to establish an automatic conversation system between humans and computers. Here a candidate path is a path from vs or vt to an intermediate vertex that follows the appropriate pattern. Extensive experiments on our datasets demonstrated that our TDCM model can accurately explain the user behavior in QAC. We refer to this approach as naive combination. Intuitively    , ωt  ,j represents the average fraction of the sentiment " mass " that can be attributed to the hidden sentiment factor j. Data Preparation
We prepare two datasets for experiments. The correlation between Qrels-based measures and Trelsbased measures is extremely high. Our techniques highlight the importance of low-level computer vision features and demonstrate the power of certain semantic features extracted using deep learning. Since log L is a strictly increasing function    , the parameters of Θ which maximize log-likelihood of log L also maximize the likelihood L 
1–3
. Results: Numeric Data
We used the numeric data properties of the City class from DBpedia divided into 10 data sources to test our approach on numeric data. INTRODUCTION
Despite the prevalence of context-independent word-based approaches for cross-language information retrieval CLIR derived from the IBM translation models 
BACKGROUND AND RELATED WORK
Although word-by-word translation provides the starting point for query translation approaches to CLIR    , there has been much work on using term co-occurrence statistics to select the most appropriate translations 
Context-Independent Baseline
As a baseline    , we consider the technique presented by Darwish and Oard 
Scored|s = j Weighttfsj     , d    , dfsj 1 tfsj    , d = t i tfti    , dP r token ti|sj  2  dfsj = t i dftiP r token ti|sj  3  
 In order to reduce noise from incorrect alignments    , we impose a lower bound on the token translation probability    , and also a cumulative probability threshold    , so that translation alternatives of sj are added in decreasing order of probability  until the cumulative probability has reached the threshold . The paper is organized as follows: Section 2 discusses possible alternatives for adding types and functions to a DBMS by concentrating on the alternatives: static types versus dynamic types. Using the training blog entries    , we train an S-PLSA model. We bring query-likelihood LM approaches and relevance models to a common ground    , and show that both lead to the same scoring function    , although the theoretical motivation behind them is different. In order to find the best parameters    , we tried different λ values for each σ value in the range of 
Experimental Results on the Test Query Set
 In this section    , we present the evaluation results of our approaches on the TREC 2008 query topics. The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. In this section we describe our tracking system and the experimental data set. The hierarchy nodes may be accessed more than once    , so they must be stored in separate locations. For possible future research    , we plan to design a better text representation scheme by combining full text representation with feature selection techniques to avoid using only emotion terms. , Colon classification and the scope and variety of content on the WWW has naturally sparked interest in faceted organizational schemes for large websites 
Interaction Styles 
Shneiderman & Plaisant 
Our efforts have aimed to extend the dynamic query paradigm to a design framework that incorporates different easy to control views of collections    , primary objects    , and events with agile control mechanisms such as mouse brushing. Both our weighting scheme and the two weighting schemes to be compared are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method to predict ratings for test users. But we do not use RMSE because the graded relevance and the estimated relevance have different scales from 0 to 2    , and from 0 to 1 respectively. In addition    , given that we allow users to freely enter additional tags    , we can use that information to improve TagAssist. If the same types of dependencies were capture by both syntactic and semantic dependencies    , LCE would be expected to perform about equally as well as relevance models. Recent w ork has also shown that the beneets of PLSA extend beyond document indexing and that a similar approach can be utilized    , e.g.   , cosine similarity and Pearson correlation. Task Description
There are multiple subtasks in SemEval 2013 and 2014. Encoder
Given a tweet in the matrix form T size: 150 × 70    , the CNN Section 2.1 extracts the features from the character representation. LIB+LIF: To weight a term    , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. ω k denotes the combination parameters for each term with emotion e k     , and can be estimated by maximizing log-likelihood function with L2 i.e. Negative experiences in using RaPiD7 exist    , too. In future the mediator should also use a OWL-DL reasoner to infer additional types for subject nodes specified in the query pattern. Although the methods resemble each other in many ways    , the differences are evident. There are many different ways in which the data could be partitioned     , but an individual document must be present in only one media. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index    , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. The advantage of the vector space computation is that it is simpler and faster. The resulting tokens are then normalised via case folding. Implementation Details
We have implemented the three different LSH methods as discussed in previous sections: basic    , entropy    , and multiprobe . Here we skip the detailed formulations due to the space limitation. Note that every variable introduced in this way is initialized . It is therefore common practice in information retrieval and multimedia databases to use numeric scores in the interval ë0  ,1ë to model user interests ë6    , 5    , 7ë. Therefore    , the probability that emotion e k will be assigned to the i th comment can be estimated as below    , 
P e k |ci    , ui = expα k + N E l=1 β lk c il + N E l=1 γ lk u il  N E r=1 expαr + N E l=1 β lr c il + N E l=1 γ lr u il  
where α    , β and γ denote the combination parameters for bias    , the source of comments content and the source of emotion tags of news articles respectively. Study overview
We used the same setup and experimental design as in the Main Study and varied only the ratio between training and test topics: in this study we used two topics for training    , and the remaining four topics for testing. The upper part lists the numbers for the product categorization standards    , whereas the lower three rows of the table represent the proprietary category systems . A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function    , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. These feature values are then used by a ranking model calculated via Learning To Rank to provide an ordered list of vocabulary terms. , w k p  is given by w k = K −1/2 e k S . It is evident from experimental results that our approach has much higher label prediction accuracy and is much more scalable in terms of training time than existing systems. We also tried several other    , more complex models    , without achieving significantly better model fitting. Among them    , some of the studies attempt to learn a positive/negative classifier at the document level. At a topic selection meeting    , the seven topics from each site that were felt to be best suited for the multilingual retrieval setting were then selected. The existing thread has the additional topic node 413 which is about compression of inverted index for fast information retrieval. The final output of the forest is a weighted sum of the class distributions output by all of the trees in the forest. The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α. 
Dα = {γ1    , γ2} = {π1    , π2    , π3    , π4    , π5    , π6}    , 
with α > 0.2.