the diagonal compensator GFz in the form With RL D-k it is not necessary to adjust the transition time such as in Q-learning to get an optimal behaviour of the vehicle. A reformulation node is chosen based on a modified form of best-first search. SPARQL is based on graph patterns and subgraph matching. CLIR on separate collections  , each for a language. , CFDs only apply to those tuples that precisely match a pattern tuple  , which does not contain null. We use a JAVA MCMC program to obtain samples from the joint posterior distribution described in Equation 1. A recent paper by Müller et al. Representation is necessary since the company running the web site wishes to pick a subset of ads such that a certain objective function e.g. Finally  , the time complexity of IMRank is OnT dmax log dmax  , where T is the number of iterations IMRank takes before convergence. , fragment-replicate joins 26  , are inapplicable in our scenario. Example 2.2 select culture painting title : t  , Figure 5: Path-to-path Mappings pings save space by factorizing DTD similarities and allow semi-automatic mapping generation. , γ j . Since monolingual retrieval is a special case of CLIR  , where the query terms and document terms happen to be of the same language e.g. How do search behaviors of users change in a search session ? Three types of query expansion are discussed in literature: manual  , automatic  , and interactive i.e. The "empirical" rewards obtained in the simulation are used to update the expected value of taking the action -in other words to update the current approxi­ mation Q. This pattern may be repeated any number of times. In spite of its reasonably acceptable performance  , it has an important drawback as a relevant page on the topic might be hardly reachable when this page is not pointed by pages relevant to the topic. From that page it is possible to perform a full-text search  , a similarity search starting from one of the random selected images. Our query expansion technique adds to a given query terms which are highly similar  , in terms of statistical distribution  , to all of the terms in the query. For each subject we examine first whether the subjects can detect good expansion terms; whether the subjects can recognise the expansion terms that are likely to be useful in combination with other expansion terms. , metacrawler 3 and many W eb users build their own meta-search engines. Let us start by introducing two representative similarity measures σc and σ based on textual content and hyperlinks  , respectively. CHS99  proposes least expected cost query optimization which takes distribution of the parameter values as its input and generates a plan that is expected to perform well when each parameter takes a value from its distribution at run-time. The search site speed was controlled by using either a commercial search site with a generally slow response rate SE slow  or a commercial search site with a generally fast response rate SE fast . The user's query and his background knowledge are denoted Q and BK respectively . The -mapping model confirms that this gap does exist in the 4-D space. Typically  , all sub-expressions need to be optimized before the SQL query can be optimized. Figure 8. Consider a two class classification problem. Recognition of session boundary using temporal closeness and probabilistic similarity between queries. We focus on the query generation and retrieval model selection. Thus  , we only need to estimate the gradient with a very small subset 10 −4 sample rate is adopted in our method of training pairs sampled from R at each iteration. We find that surprisingly  , classic text-based content similarity is a very noisy feature  , whose value is at best weakly correlated . or "what is the most likely cause of the error ?" Thus  , the training time for the simulated annealing method can be greatly reduced. The results from including query and document expansion within the SU system on TREC-8 queries are summarised in Table 8and graphically illustrated in Figures 3 and 4. When there is no query expansion  , document expansion increases mean average precision by 25% and 15% relative for short and terse queries respectively. Section 3 describes our CLIR experiments with and without our automatically discovered dictionary entries. The play is divided into acts in such a way that each act has a fixed set of actors participating objects fitting conveniently on the scene scenario diagram. CLIR is to retrieve documents in one language target language providing queries in another language source language. Query expansion aims to add a certain number of query-relevant terms to the original query in order to improve retrieval effectiveness. Traditional information retrieval systems have focused on mapping a well-articulated query onto an existing information space 4  , 43. , June 5 to 11. 12where it can be seen that despite random initialization  , our approach is capable to synthesize point contact grasps that comply to different reachability constraints. Users enter substantially fewer queries during a search session when they are more familiar with a topic. However  , mapping an inherently high-dimension data set into a low-dimension space tends to lose the information that distinguishes the data items. A comparison between the two approaches will show the advantages and disadvantages of using probabilistic term translation for CLIR. Tracking in this manner is known as piloting 3 or steering 4. To tackle this issue  , we propose to employ LSH to eliminate unnecessary similarity computations between unrelated articles  , and get a rough separation on the original news corpus. Yahoo Knowledge Graph is a knowledge base used by Yahoo to enhance its search engine's results with semantic-search information gathered from a wide variety of sources. Game theory provides a natural framework for solving problems with uncertainty. mAP has shown especially good discriminative power and stability to evaluate the performance of similarity search. For a query q  , we apply pLSA on the set of retrieved documents D = {di} M i=1 to obtain the implicit subtopics associated with q. Still  , these repositories need to keep evolving in order to avoid techniques over-fitting the body of artifacts available and to better represent the universe of artifacts. These paths are then synthesized using a global search technique in the second phase. Then the labeled target language data in At are used to compute the backpropagated errors to tune the parameters in the target language SAE. However  , Group which groups by c custkey requires its input be grouped by this attribute c custkey G . Next  , while the inverted index was traditionally stored on disk  , with the predominance of inexpensive memory  , search engines are increasingly caching the entire inverted index in memory  , to assure low latency responses 12  , 15. 1 The 'cvScore' function returns the corresponding estimated log-likelihood of the data. Second-order relationships: The relationship between two or more variables is influenced by a third variable. A summary of the hydrodynamic models developed by von K a r m h and Sears  , and Lighthill has been presented and has been applied to the investigation of elastic energy storage in a harmonically oscillating foil in a free stream. We have benchmarked Preference SQL The search scenario of the search engine is as follows: In a pre-selection a set of hard criteria has to be filled into the search mask. Following the method described by Sagi and Gal 32  , correlation of matrix level predictors is measured using the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient Pearsons's r . Recently  , many studies have attempted to improve upon the regular LSH technique. In CLIR  , queries are translated from the source language to the target language  , and the original and translated queries are used to retrieve documents in both the source and targeted languages. Then  , the actual existence of the contour feature is verified by determining disparity between F  , and the content of CW. So MinP ts must be large enough to distinguish noise and clusters. Future work will focus on efficient access to disk-based index structures  , as well as generalizing the bounding approach toward other metrics such as Cosine. This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. outline preliminaries in Sect. There is large variability in the bids as well as in the potential for profit in the different auctions. spelling corrections  , related searches  , etc. , medicine  , engineering is used. For multidimensional index structures like R-trees  , the question arises what kind of ordering results in the tree with best search performance. Tables present structural data and relational information in a two-dimensional format and in a condensed fashion. Our initial investigation has shown that modeling the interaction among links and attributes will likely improve model generalization and interpretability. There is currently no optimization performed across query blocks belonging to different E-ADTs . However  , most of the standard similarity measures such as Pearson Correlation Coefficient 16  , Cosine Similarity 17  are too general and not suitable for finding similar document from large databases such as PubMed. The type of the exception thrown is compared with the exception types declared as arguments in each catch block. For each activity  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar activities to predict the missing values. Instead  , we utilize the information from several users to create search behavior clusters  , in which users participate. The raw audio framebuffer is a collection e.g. with the horizontal subsystem  , the goal is to find a passive transfer function by carefully choosing an output variable. As with suspension  , paging enables an external sort to relinquish its buffers as and when they are needed for replacement or for release to the DBMS. Positing the existence of groups decouples the search space into a set of biased abstractions and could be considered a form of predicate invention 22. The coverage of a target regular expression r by a sample S is defined as the fraction of transitions in the corresponding Glushkov automaton for r that have at least one witness in S. For the second period 2006-2008  , 1938 records were obtained. We formulate the search for a grasp as a sensor-space search over the object surface  , rather than a search through the robot configuration space or its coordinate system.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. These cases yield a high precision up to almost maximum recall. We use the closed frequent pattern set as candidates for KRIMP. Weaker invariance will show up as less overlap in the band pattern. Resolve ties by choosing fragment that has the greater number of queries. To date  , work on statistical relational models has focused on models of attributes conditioned on the link structure e.g. The output function for each state was estimated by using the training data to compute the maximum-likelihood estimate of its mean and covariance matrix. the jackknife standard errors indicated that a difference of this size was not large enough to be distinguishable from random fluctuations i.e. Employing an α-investing rule allows us to test an infinite stream of hypotheses  , while at the same time control mFDR. Our automatic query expansion included such techniques as noun phrase extraction  , acronym expansion  , synonym identification  , definition term extraction  , keyword extraction by overlapping sliding window  , and Web query expansion. Perform a range search on the B+-tree to find Suppose the time search interval is IS = ta  , ta. However  , this work has focused primarily on modeling static relational data. A variety of transformations may be employed  , including function folding and unfolding  , data type refinement  , and optimizing transformations. Compared to these methods   , ARROW mainly differentiates itself by detecting a different attack a.k.a  , drive-by download. ASW87 found this degree of precision adequate in the setting of query optimization. One advantage of the proposed method is that it can extract relevant translations to benefit CLIR. This could be due to poor quality of search ads  , or to availability of more promising organic search results. Support vector machine was used to learn from the artificially enlarged training documents. Finding inverted and simple retrograde sequences requires a change in how the self similarity matrix is produced – instead of matching intervals exactly  , we now match intervals with sign inversions. However  , the discretized equations of motion can be formulated in such way that most of the operations can be precomputed.  prisbm: Run with query expansion based on Google query expanding and manually term-weighting. She enters a query on game theory into the ScholarLynk toolbar. Summarizing what we observed in our experiments  , we may state that the use of domain-specific multilingual resources for enriching basic CLIR systems leads to effective results. In this paper we take the perspective of SaaS providers which host their applications at an IaaS provider. The robotic gripper's primary function is to transfer pipes and move them into or out of the roughneck. For example  , Croft and Harper 1979 showed that a cluster search can retrieve relevant documents in many cases when a search based on a probabilistic model fails. Consequently the derivation starts with the translation of the associated fragment by evaluating the following function: The recursive rule rcr , ,.ure is achieved by: RULfhceurriva Closure  , e  , Ccrorurc  , immediate ,@ where Cclo ,urc is the conditions extracted from the function between " Floor-Request " and " Closure " . Insertions into a plastic cochlea model have produced similar insertion forces and allowed us to identify cases of tip folding during PEA insertion. In general  , such a change might make it more difficult to utilize existing  , highly optimized external sort procedures. In this paper we examined the potential effectiveness of interactive query expansion. Transformation T 2 : Each physical join operator e.g. Finally  , the last section presents some conclusions and recom- mendations. Users begin a search for web services by entering keywords relevant to the search goal. , n. A product i requires at most m operations in order to produce final product and there are precedence constraints between operations. The window around a boredom event was classified as 30 frames prior to the boredom rating and 90 frames after. Our query optimizer translates user queries written in XQuery into optimized FluX queries. For example  , pattern matching classes that encode multi- DoF motions 22 or force functions for each joint 9; or direct control within a reduced dimensionality space 14. WE metrics using word2vec 4. Two types of transfer are possible:  from one traditional function to another  , for example  , the number of employees working in distribution will be potentially increased by incoming personnel from the sales department;  from traditional work functions to new ones  , for example to positions related to the management and operation of the electronic environment e.g. The good fitting between the experimental results and the model indicates that the model is quite accurate  , and may allow to make extrapolations to predict the actuator performance when it is scaled down to the target size for the arthroscope. A search model describes the string to search within the textual fragments. However  , these approaches usually consider each user's search history as a whole  , without analysing it into its inherent search behaviors. For typical cost functions e.g. In the rst stage  , a context independent system was build. This is useful because users generally use such rules to disambiguate names; for an example  , " if the affiliations are matched  , and both are the first author  , then .. " . The format of OM regex is consistent with other lexicons in that each entry is composed of a regular expression and associated polarity and strength. Further  , we limit ourselves to the " Central " evaluation setting that is  , only central documents are accepted as relevant and use F1 as our evaluation measure. , knows ? We evaluated three multilingual data merging methods to obtain a single ranked list for the purpose of TREC-8 CLIR track submission. Every time the user performs a search  , the search engine returns the results and also updates a cookie that the browser stores on the user's machine with the latest search. This system may be implemented in SMART using the set of modules shown in figure 4. Section 5 reviews previous work on index structures for object-oriented data bases. That effect is more considerable for the first query since that query will use larger memory. In general   , these approaches can be characterized as methods of estimating the probability of relevance of documents to user queries. For the sort-merge band join  , assuming that the memory is large enough so that both relations can be sorted in two passes each  , the I/O cost consists of three parts: R contain /R pages  , and let S cont'ain ISI pages  , and let  , F he the fraction of R pages that fit in memory. According to 3  , four different strategies are typically used for CLIR. That means a cloned h-fragment of a k-fragment must have its size h in the range This implies kσ ≤ h ≤ k/σ. The problem of folding and unfolding is an interesting research topic and has been studied in several application do­ mains. Based on this prediction  , we propose a semantic relevance calculation on categorized interpretations. The support vector machine then learns the hyperplane that separates the positive and negative training instances with the highest margin. , the systeni has no zero dynaniics. In the faceted distillation task  , we use the support vector machine to evaluate the extent to which a blog post is opinionated. , where each column of Wp and Wq generates one bit of hash code for the p th and q th modal. The core idea of our method is based on the notion that surface boundaries are in most cases represented by an edge in the color image. Despite the great deal of motion planning research  , not much work has been done directly on the area of pushing planning. Such a template can be converted to a non deterministic regular expression by replacing hole markers with blocks of " any character sequence " which would be . How to select the best partitions is well-studied * Work done while the author was an Intern at Yahoo! First  , query expansion seems to neutralize the effect of query length. We return to the issue of vocabulary coverage later in the paper. The strain gage output data were sampled at 20 kHz digitally using an IBM PC/XT with a METRABYTE Dash-16 data acquisition hardware. In order to confirm the effectiveness of our method  , we conducted an experiment. A short time difference usually indicates the highly temporal relevance between the tweet and the query. S is a transfer function matrix that represent the compliance Ule deal with the robustness at thls stage. -the search on signatures is not exact due to the collision problem  , so we obtain a superset of answers for disjunctive or conjunctive search models. This implies that M F k is also aperiodic and together with irreducibility this means that M F k is ergodic. One approach 3 utilizes the following inequality that calculates the 1-norm and ∞-norm of each vector: Simdi  , dj ≤ min||di||∞||dj||1  , ||dj||∞||di||1 < τ. We focus on scenarios where a user requires a high recall of relevant results in addition to high precision. The CCD camera installed over the flat floor detmnines the positions of the satellites by the pattern matching to markers drown on the satellites. It also leverages existing definitions from external resources. All these observations  , however  , have to wait for experimental confirmation. by embedding meta data with RDFa. , by interacting with the environment. To prevent over-fitting  , we add an l1 regularization term to each log likelihood function. Additionally  , a classifier approach is more difficult to evaluate and explain results. Hiding these vertical results from view until the searcher is ready to use them might lead to a better search experience. The ranking function is given as We represent the design space synthesis function  , c  , as a semantic mapping predicate in our relational logic  , taking expressions in the abstract modeling language to corresponding concrete design spaces. This likelihood function assures a combined matching of model's structure and visual appearance. The combinator accepts a sequence of such parsers and returns a new parser as its output. The vibration response is shown in figure 8. We therefore experimented with word clusters that are induced from embedded word vectors. Figure 7b graphs log-likelihood as a function of autocorrelation. Similarity-based search in large collections of time sequences has attracted a lot of research recently in database community  , including 1  , 9  , 11  , 2  , 19  , 24  , to name just a few. It is therefore worth the effort to mine the complete set. Feature weights are learned by directly maximizing mean average precision via hill-climbing. The only way that Q-learning can find out information about its environment is to take actions and observe their effects . The approach taken was to train a support vector machine based upon textual features using active learning. , wM }  , the S-PLSA model dictates that the joint probability of observed pair di  , wj is generated by P di , Thus  , simply using PLSA cannot ensure the obtained topic is well-aligned to the specific domains. Furthermore  , the content-only score is obtained applying the query expansion technique we used a parameter free model of query expansion with 3 top ranked documents and 20 expansion terms. Because query segmentation is potentially ambiguous  , we are interested in assessing the probability of a query segmentation under some probability distribution: P S|θ. Comparing to the unmediated search approaches  , the mediated search has a higher success rate 14. 2 It is helpful for CLIR since it can extract semantically relevant queries in target language. The three formulae shown above define two binary and one unary operation on YxV. Although White  , like all of the reviewers  , did use concept search  , and similarity search  , he found that the predictive coding rankings using a more robust technology proved to be more effective overall. None of the three measures exhibit a strong correlation with performance improvement when using this expansion method. b represents the numbero f states explored and the trial  , in which an equilibrium was found  , as a functions of the initial value of α. games with the opponent modeling via fictitious play. The expertise of a user for a query is mainly considered in this paper  , and other aspects such as the likelihood of getting an answer within a short period will be studied in our subsequent papers. The performance of the Translation Model and the Translation- Based Language Model will rely on the quality of the word-to-word translation probabilities. For example  , an article on Support Vector Machines might not mention the words machine learning explicitly  , since it is a specialized topic in the field of machine learning. We also experimented with proper nouns in query expansion. The system tries to infer new knowledge right after the publication operation. Using this probability  , we can compute the expected number of days before an error occurs. When dealing with a human figure  , the notion of naturalness will come into consideration. These patterns are written in a regular-expression-like language where tokens can be: Resporator runs after the previously described annotators   , so quantities that the other annotators detect can be represented as quantities in the Resporator patterns. Therefore the fanout of internal nodes and the length of navigational paths are within a reasonable range for the users. Haack and Jeffrey 6 discuss their pattern-matching system in the context of the Spi-calculus. Evidentiality We study a simple measure of evidentiality in RAOP posts: the presence of an image link within the request text detected by a regular expression. These features are usually generated based on mel-frequency cepstral coefficients MFCCs 7 by applying Fast Fourier transforms to the signal.  represents the probability of head term w h associated with modifier wm assigned to the jth aspect. The transition probability is defined as a function of the Euclidean distance between each pair of points. The results are compared to non-annealing methods and their effectiveness was demonstrated. It varies from -1 to 1 and the larger the value  , the stronger the positive correlation between them. auth last idf   , auth mid  , af f tf idf   , jour year dif f   , af f sof ttf idf   , mesh shared idf for RF-P ity between author's middle name are the most predictive variables for disambiguating names in Medline. The system can be accessed from: http: //eil.cs.txstate.edu/ServiceXplorer. The model transfer function SM mapping from V m to ufl so as to shape the environment compliance reflected to the local site is chosen as follows: Thus where 2 1   , =  Kum  Since no distinction has been made between free motion and constrained motion  , the controller Ku has designed so as to track vs to w  , in advance. To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . It is certainly true that nonparticipants might have more difficulties in interpreting their results based on the small size of the CLIR pool  , as Twenty-One points out. The system then displays information pertaining to self and others aggregated by these two functions via an information display interface. , the query. Instead of adhering to the standard 3-letter code  , they often provide different representations of unit symbols  , e.g. This paper deals with a control problem common in machines for packaging fluids. After compensating for the friction and coupling torque  , the transfer function between the angle of the motor and the current is given by This is done by adding  , to the control current  , the current equivalent to these torques and is given by where C is the stiffness of the arm. Classification results were similar for a number of prediction models. It has been shown that the ability to execute this volume of queries allows the error rates of evaluation measures to be examined 2. A major function of the web access module is search. How can we generate efficient code for a query like the one shown in Figure 1  , in view of the user-defined recursive function it involves. According to Dijkstra  , at any given time an object has one of three colors. Moreover  , most parallel or distributed query optimization techniques are limited to a heuristic exploration of the search space whereas we provide provably optimal plans for our problem setting. These questions can be answered by writing a schema that uses information found within the CIA World Factbook. While there is little research on using syntactic approaches for resolving translation ambiguity for CLIR  , linguistic structures have been successfully exploited in other applications. and is described by the following equations: v  , = v&+ The results of these experiments is presented in Table 2. – Example Search Terms: " Focus " – Description: A user wants to search YouTube for videos relating to a specific music artist. Author expertise and venue impact are the distinguishing factors for the consideration of bibliography  , among which  , Author Rank  , Maximum Past Influence of Authors make paper influential . They doubted that the promising results may not be brought by genetic programming used by GenProg  , because the patch search problem can be easy when random search would have likely yielded similar results. Using a curve fitting technique  , the impedance model was established in such a way that the model can simulate the expert behavior. , the uninformed best-first search. Thus  , Merge is always preceded in a Postgres plan by Sort being applied to both the left and right subplans  , except when an input to Merge is a result of an index scan. This is not surprising  , for the implicit stack offered by the recursive control domain only serves the forward control function of ROOTSTACK in the iterative parser. However  , it takes long time to recognize landmark. Tanaka 1986 6 proposed the first macroscopic constitutive model. From the definition of time-dependent marginalized kernel   , we can observe that the semantic similarity between two queries given the timestamp t is determined by two factors . It is a generai unsupervised tool for ordering highdimensionai statistical data in such a way that alike input items are mapped close to each other. So the translation between these constructs is straightforward. Note that in the following we refer to the number of triples matching a pattern as the size of the pattern. However  , according to 22 this may not be sufficient for more general and larger ontologies  , and thus  , the similarity should be a function of the attributes path length  , depth and local density. The basic method uses a family of locality-sensitive hash functions to hash nearby objects in the high-dimensional space into the same bucket. , The variant Bi-LSTM 4 is proposed to utilize both previous and future words by two separate RNNs  , propagating forward and backward  , and generating two independent hidden state vectors − → ht and ← − ht  , respectively. To perform information retrieval  , a label is also associated with each term in the query. Suppose we want to compute a trajectory be:ween an initial and a final configuration. In the first experiment we apply the previously trained Random Forest model to identify matching products for the top 10 TV brands in the WDC dataset. These results indicate that higher use rate will give better results in terms of improved communication  , authoring efficiency and defect rate reduction. In terms of translation quality  , efficiency   , and practicality  , flat and hierarchical PBMT systems have become very popular  , partly due to successful open-source implementations. With a case-base on the order of ten cases  , we were able to solve a set of ASG tasks which otherwise require exponential time because of the spatial properties involved. z examine the area around it within distance d to see if the density is greater than c. This is equivalent to check if the number of points including itself within this area is greater than c x nd2 = k + 1. Researchers in information retrieval  , machine learning  , data mining  , and game theory are developing creative ideas to advance the technologies in this area. Unlike the uni-modal data ranking  , cross-modal ranking attempts to learn a similarity function f q  , d between a text query q and an image d according to a pre-defined ranking loss. Modelling the speech signal could be approached through developing acoustic and language models. The arm's capability to follow a moving environment with certain contact force is investigated in this section. More specifically  , referring to Figure 5  , we would like to design a controller to trade-off minimizing the norm of the transfer function from reference input Y d to the tracking error e tracking performance  , the transfer function from the disturbance d to the output y disturbance attenuation  , the transfer function from T to q robust stability   , and the transfer function from reference input Y d ~ . , E k  using Equation 2. Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. While search efficiency was one of the central concerns in the design and implementation of the Volcano optimizer generator 8  , these issues are orthogonal to the optimization of scientific computations  , and are not addressed in this paper. Assume that the observed data is generated from our generative model. The proliferation of generated components is the main limitation of the naive method-to-component mapping. 1 We learn the mapping Θ by maximizing the likelihood of the observed times τi→j. Hence  , the recommender system can explain to u3 that " T oy Story " is recommended because he/she likes comedy and " T oy Story " is a comedy. A test image with unknown location is then assigned the location found by interpolating the locations of the most similar images. If only few tuples match the join condition  , a Sort/Merge Join will need fewer disk accesses and will be faster. To convert a random forest into a DNF  , we first convert the space of predicates into a discrete space. The robust downhill simplex method is employed to solve this equation. This step performs the intrusion detection task  , matching each test pattern to one of the classes i.e. As seen in the table  , there is a significant interest in searching for author names with 37% of the search requests targeting the authors index. Manually built models consist mainly of text patterns  , carefully created  , tested and maintained by domain and linguistic experts. Extensive experiments on our datasets demonstrated that our TDCM model can accurately explain the user behavior in QAC. The first line runs a paired t-test; in the second one the response variable y is explicitly written as a function of a fixed effect system and a random effect Errortopic. If the temperature T is reduced slowly enough  , the downhill Simplex method shrinks into the region containing the lowest minimum value. This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . These terms may help focus on the query topic and bring more translated terms that together are useful for disambiguating the translation. On the other hand  , BaySail is able to provide full distributional information  , which avoids these problems. An acceptable search would find most of the relevant documents with minimal wasted effort. The snapshot  , in contrast  , requires heavy computation even for TempIndex. Field-based models are trained through simulated annealing 23. But most of those ranking functions are manually designed by experts based on heuristics  , experience  , observations  , and statistical theories. Using an exponential distribution to accomplish a blending of time and language model Eq. In addition to the official numbers obtained with query expansion using both BRF and PBRF  , the results for the 3 other configurations no query expansion  , query expansion with BRF and query expansion with PBRF are also provided. The input to our method is the search log interaction data gathered from consenting users of a toolbar deployed by a commercial search engine. From this table  , we can see that in the single Q-learning case  , the correspunding rates of both cases were about 10% at initial phase of learning  , while  , after learning  , the rates rose up to ov er 90%  , Tha t is  , as a result of distribuh!d learning  , selection prob­ abilities of actions so rise that some strong connections of rules among the agents or inside one individual agent were implicitly formed  , consequently  , the sequential motion patterns were acquired. Based on these index pages we analyzed how similarity between chemical entities is computed 4 . In the experiments described below we used a fix sample grid of Ax=Ay = 50cm and A0 = 0.5 degrees. Measure the relativity between the semantics of a tag t k and the chosen dimension according to the Dupret and Lalmas 17 use times between search engine visits to compare two versions of a search engine. states from which no final states can be reached. Two runs were made. Where TSV means Term Selection Value that is used to rank terms. Specifically  , our random forest model substantially outperforms all other models as query length increases. In particular  , there are two sets of rules predicates which work together to identify the set of successor tasks. the necessary hard constraints have been applied to yield a feasible solution space defined on the PCM  , any path on the PCM  , from the point corresponding to the initial position of the robot to a point on the T G S   , will give rise to a valid solution for the interception problem. However  , at shorter ranges  , distance does not play as large of a role in the likelihood of friendship. As already noted  , a pure regular expression that expresses permutations must have exponential size. In the next Section we discuss the problem of LPT query optimization where we import the polynomial time solution for tree queries from Ibaraki 841 to this general model of  ,optimization. Most of the learning of regular languages from positive examples in the computational learning community is directed towards inference of automata as opposed to inference of regular expressions 5  , 43  , 48. The well-known inherent costs of query optimization are compounded by the fact that a query submitted to the database system is typically optimized afresh  , providing no opportunity to amortize these overheads over prior optimizations . Let us consider our chemist searching for Sildenafil. Additionally  , problems associated with cavity drag during retraction may be somewhat decreased when the water runner can move forward and the foot pulls out from the cavity more along the entry path. No term reweighting or query expansion methods were tried. Finally  , but not less important  , we also intend to examine closely the discovered best ranking functions to understand better how they work and the reasons for their effectiveness. Applying the Shannon Entropy equation directly will be misleading. This result indicates that most queries are noisy and strongly influenced by external events that tend to interfere with model fitting. The former function is realized to select key frames using Q-Learning approach for removing the noisy camera data. Vo and Vo also showed that usage of multiple predictors for breaking ties in sort order often improves compression. Moreover  , score assigned to a leaf category qx also depends on the rank of referrals to qx: The topmost search results are assigned higher scores than those occurring towards the end of the list. , by breadth-first  , best-first or depth-first search. , image results in image search; and 4 interaction  , e.g. They argue that phonetic similarity PHONDEX works as well as typing errors Damerau-Levenstein metric and plain string similarity n-grams  , and the combinations of these different techniques perform much better than the use of a single technique. DBSCAN expands a cluster C as follows. In this solution only the locking and unlocking operations are valid. Since the appearance of microarray technology in to­ day's biological experiment  , gene expression data gen­ erated by various microarray experiments have in­ creased enormously  , and lots of works based on these data have been published. While some approaches use special ranking loss layers 10  , we have extended the CNN architecture using a sigmoid layer instead of the softmax layer and a cross entropy loss function. While soft matching for retrieval was studied before  , this is the first time it is applied in the CQA vertical search scenario. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. to represent a navigation structure in a Web shop. These multiple translations usually are exchangeable. To facilitate the teleoperation tasks  , the controller for KURBIRT computes its tip position and scales the position from the space of the master robot to the space of the slave  , RALF. In the second case  , the convergence to the cyclic motion is forced and the conditions on the CoP evolution are relaxed  , as a consequence  , the performance of the control law is improved with respect to its stability. More concretely  , our contributions are:  We propose a mechanism for expiring cache entries based on a time-to-live value and a mechanism for maintaining the cache content fresh by issuing refresh queries to back-end search clusters  , depending on availability of idle cycles in those clusters. If these strings are identical  , we directly present such string in the regular expression. These include the categorization of content instances along given taxonomies  , the creation of taxonomies from given content attribute values  , and the extension of taxonomies by generating more general terms. Instead of joins  , the optimiser must now enumerate G-Joins  , and must position G-Aggs  , G-Restricts  , Projects   , and Delta-Projects relative to the G-Jo&. Experimental results on a Pentium 4 with an average load of 0.15 have shown an average query time of 0.03 seconds for the mapping and 0.35 seconds for the ranking when mapping to 300 terms. Instead  , it is defined by applying compatibility rules to the in-and output to expand the compatibility matching range. We assume that an expansion term refer with higher probability to the query terms closer to its position. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 13  is a promising method for approximate K- NN search. Such hash-based methods for fast similarity search can be considered as a means for embedding high-dimensional feature vectors to a low-dimensional Hamming space the set of all 2 l binary strings of length l  , while retaining as much as possible the semantic similarity structure of data. We further use the alignments to extend the classical CLIR problem to include the merging of mono-and cross-language retrieval results  , presenting the user with one multilingual result list. By reusing S q and the prediction cachê rui  , we can calculate the objective function in O|R| + M K 2  time  , much faster than with direct calculation. Our patterns are flexible -note that the example and matched sentences have somewhat different trees. State space should include necessary and sufficient information to achieve the given goal while it should be compact because Q-learning time can be expected exponential in the size of the state space 21 . Space does not permit a detailed description of the experiment  , but Figure 6provides a summary by mapping out participants' responses to two questions: which system made tasks easiest to complete  , and which system they preferred overall. In the second model  , which we call the " Direct Retrieval " model  , we take each text query and compute the probability of generating a member of the feature vocabulary. Therefore  , IMRank is robust to the selection of initial ranking  , and IMRank works well with an initial ranking prefering nodes with high influence  , which could be obtained efficiently in practice. We therefore tried both query expansion and tweet expansion . During learning  , the simple classifier is trained over dataset T producing a hypothesis h mapping points from input space X to the new output space Y . The results indicate that our method can achieve acceptable results for queries in and out of dictionary. A new technique is required to handle the grouping operation in queries. Web-queries and ad-creatives are both very short  , so we hypothesized that query-expansion would be useful. Thus  , this regular expression is used. Our approach is based on the successful probabilistic roadmap PRM motion planning method 17. This discrepancy with SemSearch ES illustrates the significance of bigram matches for named entity queries. Using standard negation as failure here as in 4  , would let the bound negation succeed. σ· = 1 1+e −· is a known as a sigmoid/logistic function. First the parameter space was coarsely gridded with logarithmic spacing. In a nutshell  , ViGOR is designed to provide facilities for the organisation of a search task into groups to visualise a search task  , re-organisation of search results between groups  , and preservation of valuable search results. These results demonstrate that  , despite their shared motivating intuition to promote resources that minimize query ambiguity  , the CF-IDF and query clarity approaches perform quite differently when applied to the same topic. Mapping the distribution of question topics to the distribution of question-answer topics avoids problems that occur when limited vocabularies are used in a question . Data page size is 4096 bytes. Similarly  , we define the probability of observing the document dm given the sentences present in it as follows. In here  , we further developed and used a fully probabilistic retrieval model. The former is a more reliable source although mistakes/typos from the authors can occur while the latter relies heavily on the performance of regular expression matching to identify URLs. Some drawbacks of the identification of single flexible link manipulators using ARMA type models have been previously reported 4  , 51. The steps include: Another liked the " very diverse search criteria and browsing styles. " Since the positions of the acoustic landmarks are independent of the current position of a mobile robot  , we may localize the mobile robot by matching the newly acquired two dimensional pattern of the reflectors with that of the acoustic landmarks. The sensory-motor elements are distributed and can be reused for building other sequences of actions. introduced an incremental version of DBSCAN 10. Their research is mainly based on analyzing logs when people use a search engine and a short survey. The Clarke-Tax approach ensures that users have no incentive to lie about their true intentions. For simplicity  , we assume that the accessible test cases do not vary significantly between the testing strategies based on the all-DUs and all-edges criteria. 4 search2vec model was trained using search sessions data set S composing of search queries  , ads and links. We therefore utilized a manually folded 24-winding copper-based origami coil with the same folding geometry pattern as Fig. The first task  , namely the technology survey  , consists of 18 expert-defined natural language expressions of the information needed and the task is to retrieve a set of documents from a predefined collection that can best answer the questions. However  , it is not possible to use this method to evaluate the integral over the space outside of the object unless the object itself is rectangular. As an exception  , the Probabilistic Translation Model was evaluated on the same representation that was used by Xu et.al.19. Retrospectively  , this choice now bears fruit  , as the update exists as an average amenable to stochastic gradient descent. Now the function of a probabilistic search and retrieval system is to combine those and other estimates and to predict  , for each item  , the probability that it would be one of the items wanted by the patron in question. This lower optimization cost is probably just an artifact of a smaller search space of plans within the query optimizer  , and not something intrinsic to the query itself. Note that the features in sequence labeling not only depend on the input sequence s  , but also depends on the output y. We follow recent successes with word embedding similarity and use in this work: The closer the function's value is to 1 the more similar the two terms are. The technique works by augmenting the existing observational data with unobserved  , latent variables that can be used to incrementally improve the model estimate. Therefore  , our future work will focus on the creation of suitable test corpora and will measure different semantic techniques using manual inspection together with appropriate quality measures. As an example of the application  , the proposed method is tested with a two-link brachiation robot which learns a control policy for its swing motion 191. However  , systems such as these still require a meaningful entry point to the set  , which might be through a query tool  , or a structured browsing tool which provides some level of organization. In Oard's hierarchical classification scheme of the CLIR methods 17  , our work falls under the thesaurus based free-text CLIR category. The αinvesting rule can guarantee no model over-fitting and thus the accuracy of the final fitted model. We find minimal correlation  , with a Pearson coefficient of 0.07. Query execution times are  , in theory  , unbounded. In 45   , several approaches to generate probabilistic string automata representing regular expressions are proposed. The latter helped us identify relevant documents and passages in the Aquaint documents. ranging from the macroscopic level -paper foLding or gift wrapping -to the microscopic level -protein folding. Figure 1ashows an example of a tree which represents the expression X + Y*Z. In particular  , we quantify behavioral agreement using the Pearson correlation score between the ratings of two users  , and we compare this between users with positive and negative links. In a first pilot study 71  , we determined whether the tasks have suitable difficulty and length. The database buffer was set to 500 blocks with a database block size of 4 kbytes which resulted in an average buffer hit ratio of 98.5%. During a search  , the crawler only follows links from pages classified as being on-topic. We do not provide the expressions for computing the gradients of the logarithm of the likelihood function with respect to the configurations' parameters  , because such expressions can be computed automatically using symbolic differentiation in math packages such as Theano 3. 0 Theorem 2.1 is a rather negative result  , since it implies that queries might require time which is exponential in the size of the db-graph  , not only the regular expression   , for their evaluation. That figure shows the percentage of times an attribute was selected by a N =4 hill climbing search. However   , these extracted topics are latent variables without explicit meaning and cannot be regarded as the given categories . The concept of a likelihood function can easily be used to statistically test a given hypothesis  , by applying the likelihood ratio test. People and expert search are the best known entity ranking tasks  , which have been conveniently evaluated in the Text REtrieval Conference TREC 27 in the past years 21  , 22  , 2. c. General search strategy. The system achieved roughly 90% of monolingual performance in retrieving Chinese documents and 85% in retrieving Spanish documents. In section 4  , we describe the use of query expansion techniques. These mapping methods are not widely used because they are not as efficient as the VSM. The in-memory sort merge join BE771 works as follows. Given the retrieval measurements taken for a particular query set and length  , we determined whether the retrieval effectiveness followed a power law distribution by applying the statistical methods by Clauset et al 3. Search Engine with automatic query expansion and with advance search options: auto+. When an aspect is enabled  , the display of any program text matched by the pattern is highlighted with the aspect's corresponding color. Furthermore  , with a rigid manipulator   , the sensor and actuator are collocated. The confidence of the learned classifier is then used as a similarity metric for the records. If a trajectory of a person is observed from tracking people function  , we search the nearest 5 clusters to the trajectory and merge likelihood of each exception map to anticipate the person. Web mash-ups have explored the potential for combining information from multiple sources on the web. The pattern was initially mounted on a tripod and arbitrarily placed in front of the stereo head Fig. Third  , we have combined the notion of semantic relationship with traditional information-retrieval techniques to guarantee that answers are not merely semantically-related fragments  , but actually fragments that are highly relevant to the keywords of the query. An update in Q-learning takes the form These searching functions are rarely used on the Internet environment; the improvement is seldom used in the Internet. In recommendations   , the number of observations for a user is relatively small. This way  , symbolic sequences can be automatically compared to detect similarities  , class patients  , etc. It is possible to use the out of bag error to decide when to stop adding classifiers to a random forest ensemble or bagged ensemble. An extreme case is that hyperplanes ω 1 ,2 and ω 2 ,3 are almost perpendicular on the definition search data i.e. Instead of displaying the photographs on the map  , Flickr lists them sequentially across multiple search results pages see Fig. ScholarLynk searches Bing  , Google Scholar  , DRIVER  , and CiteULike in parallel  , showing the results grouped by the search providers in a browser window. A fixed expansion technique using only synonyms and first-order hyponyms of noun-phrases from titles and descriptions already produced fairly highdimensional queries  , with up to 118 terms many of them marked as phrases; the average query size was 35 terms. These are then returned as a list of resources that best matches the users' queries. We first report the results of using query expansion in the collection selection stage only. Denote the top two classes with highest probability values for the distributions P and Q to be c 1 Disambiguation strategies are typically employed to reduce translation errors. We use NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 English-Chinese tasks for evaluation and consider both <title> and <desc> fields as queries. An example mean average precision surface for the GOV2 collection using the full dependence model plotted over the simplex λT + λO + λU = 1 is shown in Figure 2. To overcome this knowledge bottleneck  , web mining has been exploited in 7  , 27  to acquire English- Chinese term translations based on the observation that Chinese terms may co-occur with their English translations in the same web page. Note that search engine operations such as stemming and case-folding may preclude highlighting by re-scanning the retrieved documents for the search terms. In brief sum  , " to-translate-or-not-to-translate " is influenced by various and complicated causes. In our case  , the nodes of the graph are documents and the edge weights are defined as the closeness in location between two documents. The effect on CLIR queries was small  , as the Finnish queries did not have many phrases. Translation experiments and CLIR experiments are based on the CLEF topic titles C041-C200  , which are capitalized  , contain stopwords and full word forms. The results from our experimental evaluation shows our approach to be a promising alternative to the standard pipeline approach. Basically  , SPARQL rests on the notion of graph pattern matching. We did run experiments for both language pairs and found PDT was at least as effective as PSQ  , but adding statistical synonymy knowledge to unidirectional translation could hurt CLIR performance. The argument to the PATH-IS function is a regular expression made up from operation names. Due to the space limitations  , the details are omitted here. However  , because we are exploiting highly relevant documents returned by a search engine  , we observe that even our unsupervised scoring function produces high quality results as shown in Section 5. These methods have become prominent in recent years because they combine scalability with high predictive accuracy. The second search engine http://www.flickr.com/search is a regular keyword search. The vector lt is used to additively modify the memory contents. Unlike in 2011  , the run without stopwords cmuPrfPhrENo did slightly better on average than the equivalent run including stopwords cmuPrfPhrE in the 2012 query set. Modeling sentiments: Note that Equation 1 is a general framework   , as it does not limit the methods used for sentiment modeling and quality modeling. Speaking of the allow-or-charge area  , the quantity scale defined in BMEcat is divided into the actual quantity scale and the functional discount that has to be applied  , too. precision 72.0%  , As shown  , 80% of the correct equivalents are within the set of four highest ranked words. We h a ve performed Figure 2: Folding in a query conisting of the terms aid"  , food"  , medical"  , people"  , UN"  , and war": evolution of posterior probabilities and the mixing proportions P zjq rightmost column in each bar plot for the four factors depicted in Table 2Table 1shows a reduced representation of 4 factors from a 128 factor solu- tion. The procedure is as follows: These search tasks were obtained from the TREC tracks  , and their search task categories were determined based on the search task's objective  , complexity and difficulty; Table 1describes the search tasks in detail. They are comprised of cascades of regular expression patterns   , that capture among other things: base noun phrases  , single-level  , two-level  , and recursive noun phrases  , prepositional phrases  , relative clauses  , and tensed verbs with modals. Moreover  , even if a solution is found to avoid infinite loops  , a strategy has to be used which treats the situation of what we called critical cycles in Section 4.3. For example  , assume in Figure 21.2 that the primary bucket B6 contains a near neighbour with similarity 0.7. Given an event expression  , E  , we now show how to build an automaton Ms. Our QA system is constructed using methods of classical IR  , enhanced with simple heuristics. By taking the underlying structure into account  , manifold ranking assigns each data point a relative ranking score  , instead of an absolute pairwise similarity as traditional ways. Λ is the vector of model parameters  , the second term is the regularization term to avoid over fitting  , which imposes a zero prior on all the parameter values. Development of such query languages has prompted research on new query optimization methods  , e.g. The function stop_xss removes these three cases with the regular expression replacements on lines 531  , 545  , and 551  , respectively. nary operator corresponding to pointer chasing. This property gets pushed down to Sort and then Merge. The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α. Finally  , we have shown how this framework implements service containers to enable scalable deployment. In this section  , we describe a heuristic search strategy for finding a fixel configuration for a particular feature tuple. Usually  , the overall popularity of a resource is used for ranking search results. Now  , having theoretically grounded – in an ontological key 23 – the initial  , basic notions -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are objects of the continuous and differentiable function of the Universe -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are equally motivated to strive to become better and/or the best I would like to pass on to the problem of the search for information  , having first formulated what information is. Our extraction patterns are based on both the general POS tags and the strict keyword matching. For the specific case that only the drive factors are incomplete  , we structurize the effort data and employ the low-rank recovery technique for imputation. In memory-based methods  , this is taken into account by similarity measures such as the Pearson or Spearman correlation coefficient 15 which effectively normalize ratings by a user's mean rating as well as their spread. We used the idea of motion compression in order to apply Dual Dijkstra Search to motion planning of 7 DOF arm. PLSA did a poor job with the smaller yeast data  , whereas PLSA results with human data are quite interesting. One well known annual benchmark in knowledge base question answering is Question Answering over Linked Data QALD  , started in 2011 23. Additionally  , if we were to pick the minimum-cost solution out of multiple trials for the local search methods  , the differences in the performance between BBC-Press vs. DBSCAN and Single Link becomes even more substantial  , e.g. However   , this strategy is only applicable when 3D models of the objects are available and the curvature of the objects is relatively small. Using deviance measures  , e.g. The literature on missing data 1 ,12 ,18 provides several methods for data imputation that can be used for this purpose. In classical probabilistic IR models  , such as the binary independence retrieval BIR model 18  , both queries and documents are represented as a set of terms that are assumed to be statistically independent. , 2006   , we developed a maximum entropy-based answer ranking module  , which mainly captures the evidences of expected answer type matching  , surface pattern matching and dependency relation correlation between question and answer sentences. However  , the number of iterations until convergence can be large. , nested loops  , sort-merge. If the follower calculate U ,  , the follower could estimate the trajectory precisely using the transfer function GI as illustrated in Chapter 2. I Absolute Space Representation: An Absolute Space Representation or ASR 7   , is a cognitive mapping technique used to build models of rooms or spaces visited. This year  , we further incorporated a new answer extraction component Shen and Lapata  , 2007 by capturing evidence of semantic structure matching. In Q­ learning the policy is formed by determining a Q-value for each state-action pair. In many CNN based text classification models  , the first step is to convert word from one-hot sparse representation to a distributed dense representation using Word Embedding . The straightforward solution  , which recursively Figure 3: Tree-pattern matching by subsequence matching identifies matches for each node within the query sequence in order  , requires quadratic time in the document size and therefore becomes not competitive. In experimental runs  , about thirty threads fetch a total of 5–10 pages a second   , a typical web page having 200-500 terms  , each term leading to a PROBE. A comparison to these results is neceamry   , even more sinc8~hi- erarchical fmture maps are built up from a number of insb pendent self-organizing maps. This means there is a room to improve the backdrivability without affecting the txansfer function of the reference torque. The result shows that the structure completely supports regular expression functions and the Snort rule set at the frequency of 3.68GHz. Therefore  , we need to deal with potentially infinite number of related learning problems  , each for one of the query q ∈ Q. The MI- LOS XML database supports high performance search and retrieval on heavily structured XML documents  , relying on specific index structures 3 ,14  , as well as full text search 13  , automatic classification 8  , and feature similarity search 15 ,5 . Pfeifer et al 1996performed experiments for measuring retrieval effectiveness of various proper name search methods. Phrase identification probably favoured the baseline queries. This methods is called " Baseline " in Tables 1 and 2. Only a mutation is used as the genetic operation. There is a wide  , possibly infinite range of text features that can be designed to estimate the relevance of a candidate answer for the purpose of answer ranking. However  , there are a number of problems with simply using standard Q-learning techniques. Here  , we use standard system identification techniques to develop an experimental model for the valve  , actuator  , system inertia  , and the force sensor. 4 and 5 show the ROC curves for all five datasets. Surprisingly   , we find in our experiments that the cache-stationary join phase performs as well as the sort-merge implementation . However  , there are only a few papers describing machine learning approaches to question classification  , and some of them such as 17 are pessimistic. As the number of ratings given by most users is relatively small compared with the total number of items in a typical system  , data sparsity usually decreases prediction accuracy and may even lead to over-fitting problems. In our experiments with R = 100  , on average WIKI. LINK only considered approximately 200 phrases for query expansion per query  , whereas using the top 10 documents from Wikipedia in PRF. WIKI considered approximately 9000 terms. Each PS shard stores input and output vectors for a portion of the words from the vocabulary. We do not present an exhaustive case study. The information bases under the other mappings show the same general trend. Groups of changes of one request are maintained in a linked list using the HAS PREVIOUSCHANGE property.  QALD-2: The Question Answering over Linked Data challenge aims to answer natural language questions e.g. The coefficient of determination R 2 measures how well future outcomes are likely to be predicted by the statistical models. We present the rewrite rules in the order in which they are applied. Typical state lattice planners for static domains are implemented using a best-first search over the graph such as A* or D*-lite. This indicates that the ratings predicted by Global Prediction are more discriminative and accurate in ranking the four DSRs. The Pearson correlation of Ebiquity score with coreness was observed to be 0.67. However  , existing work primarily focuses on various aspects of query-local data management  , query execution   , and optimization. Query expansion is one method to solve the above prob- lem 4  , 5 . , that one can somehow use the underlying mapping hardware of virtual memory to make the array grow gracefully. Two retrieval runs were submitted: one consisting of the title and description sections only T+D and the other consisting of all three title  , description  , and narrative sections T+D+N. It is easy to note that when ς=0  , then the objective function is the temporally regularized log likelihood as in equation 5. Despite this  , our model could be applied in alternative scenarios where the relevance of an object to a query can be evaluated. The stated comfort with search modes and the perceived effective strategies matched the performance discussed above. If the stopping condition is not met  , the framework will use a hill-climbing strategy to find a new value for N and a new iteration will start. Bavota and colleagues proposed refactoring detection techniques by using semantic measure- ment 7 and game theory 8. Table 3shows these results. Instead of learning only one common hamming space  , LBMCH is to learn hashing functions characterized by Wp and Wq for the p th and q th modalities  , which can map training data objects into distinct hamming spaces with mp and mq dimensions i.e. Table 10 shows our best performance according to micro average F and SU. This indicates that IMRank is efficient at solving the influence maximization problem via finding a final self-consistent ranking. Since pQ is constant for all documents Di given a specific query Q  , it does not affect the ranking of the documents and can be safely removed from the scoring function . On the other hand  , waiting increases the sort's response time. The conjunctivequery approach to pattern matching allows for an efficiently checkable notion of frequency  , whereas in the subgraph-based approach  , determining whether a pattern is frequent is NP-complete in that approach the frequency of a pattern is the maximal number of disjoint subgraphs isomorphic to the pattern 20. We introduce a system to re-rank current Google image search results. This problem is a very complex version of a traveling salesman problem TSP and is not easily solvable since even the ordinary TSP is hard to find the exact solution. Figure 2: Comparison of CLIR performance on heterogeneous datasets using both short and long queries. character also deenes a sentence boundary unless the word token appears on a list of 206 common abbreviations or satisses the following awk regular expression: ^A-Za-zzz. A-Za-zzz.+||A-ZZ.||A-Zbcdfghj-np-tvxzz++.$$ The tokenizing routine is applied to each of the top ranked documents to divide it into "sentences". Second  , the proposed incremental optimization strategy has a limitation. from a journal a real world example for a database containing medical document abstracts is given by the Journal of Clinical Oncology 1 . Boldface indicates that the W value of a combined resource is equal or above the lowest W of the single resources that are combined. Having computed the topical distribution of each individual tweet  , we can now estimate an entire profile's topical diversity and do so by using the Shannon diversity theorem entropy: We transformed the strings to an integer space by mapping them to their frequency vectors. The simpler MoIR models may be directly derived from the more general CLIR setting. For query expansion  , besides the commonly used PRF  , we also made use of the search result from Google for query expansion. Corner landmarks in the map are found with a least-squares model fitting approach that fits corner models to the edge data in the map. Relevance measurements were integrated within a probabilistic retrieval model for reranking of results. The first oracle baseline BONE is without query expansion and the second oracle baseline BOQE is with query expansion. We exploit the top-scored entities e.g. set of queries {qJ known relevant to d  , using a schedule q~  , v~ and leading to improved estimates for WV& It is found that results are sensitive to these learning schedules. After every search iteration  , we decide the actions for the search engine agent. This run constitutes our baseline for the runs applying the query expansion methodology. It is clear by now that domain-specific query expansion is beneficial for the effectiveness of our document retrieval system. The transfer function of the charge amplifier Gc& can be assumed as the 10b. Using a known object model the interpolation of thi  , desired path can then be represented in the task space by a 3-D reconstruc­ tion or mapped directly to the image space. example of a sentiment-based search screen and its result pages.  We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. The similarity between the target document d corresponding to query q and the search results Sj   , j = 1.m  , is computed as the cosine similarity of their corresponding vectorial representations. We plan to investigate these methods in future work. For each time slot  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar time slots to predict the missing values. is synonymy expansion or morphological variant expansion helpful ? Within the RDS we can treat elements of X as if they were vectorial and  , depending on the approximative quality of the mapping  , we can expect the results to be similar to those performed if they were defined in the original space. Then  , a support vector machine 32 is used to compute the relevance score of these sections 2 Note  , this is different from HTML frames. Current methods of solving this problem have difficulty in tuning parameters and handling terms that are not registered in a dictionary  , when applied to large-scale and/or distributed digital libraries. , slightly lower fitness value. function: All keybord interaction except the function keys is directed to the dialog object. Since previously learned RRT's are kept for fkture uses  , the data structure becomes a forest consisting of multiple RRTs. Based on inspection from results in Fig. The fact that full search achieves higher nDCG scores than pre-search confirms the successful re-ordering that takes place in full search based on pairwise entity-based similarity computation. Topic models like PLSA typically operate in extremely high dimensional spaces. Association discovery is a fundamental data mining task. For the following discussion  , we assume medium or large nonindexed images and unrestricted variables. medium-or coarse-grained locking  , limited support for queries  , views  , constraints  , and triggers  , and weak subsets of SQL with limited query optimization. TWO examples of P  d  as a function of d. See text. We further leverage answers to a question to bridge the vocabulary gap between a review and a question. , 14  , or the generated graph is very dense and may contain noisy information e.g. Further  , research methods and contextual relations are identified using a list of identified indicator phrases. When the user releases the mouse from their dragging operation   , the selected action Firstname folding in this case is applied  , and any items that are now identical in name are moved next to one another. Thus at the end of initialization  , each tp-node has a BitMat associated with it which contains only the triples matching that triple pattern. Instead of calculating the document scores in the latent topic space  , we can use the mapping to extract related query terms from the topic space and use an inverted index to calculate the document scores in a faster time. 6 directly with stochastic gradient descent. This makes the framework well suited for interactive settings as well as large datasets. It has been observed that in general the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the unigram language model approach perform very similarly if both have been fine-tuned. This allowed us to validate the BMEcat converter comprehensively. The core construct of the language is the relational expression   , which is similar to an expression in first-order predicate logic. This work falls in both the last two streams of works  , borrowing from the former the advantages deriving from the usage of domain-specific terms in the query translation and from the latter the capability to exploit semantic knowledge for retrieving information. The worst case is the query with Boolean structure with the narrower concepts expansion BOOL/En. Since it was not possible to show all the predictors in this paper  , we have chosen to include only those achieving a Pearson coefficient higher than 0.19. However   , our method is not time-consuming and experimental results show that we always get a correct minimum in a low number of iterations. The goal for any search is to return documents that are most similar to the query  , ordered by their similarity score. Both the Mozer and the Bein and Smolensky models used a-constant link weight between terms and document$ CODEFINDER extends the model further by making use of inverse document frequency measures for link weights. Figure 2shows the DCG comparison results. Existing Internet search engines locate the information by performing a keyword search on a full-text index of Internet resources. Then  , Sec. We utilize the Clarke Tax mechanism that maximizes the social utility function by encouraging truthfulness among the individuals  , regardless of other individuals choices. We have shown that the observations can be decomposed into meaningful components using the frequent sets and latent variable methods. 4are positive  , the poles of the conjugate eye movement transfer function are always negative  , and the conjugate eye movement is always stable. A sample rated aspect summarization of one of the sellers is shown in Table 2 . Secondly  , when each design team turned to the problem of realizing their switching or transfer function or state table  , there would be many more analytical techniques at their disposal. To prove the applicability of our technique  , we developed a system for aggregating and retrieving online newspaper articles and broadcast news stories. The rest of this paper is organized as follows. This approach is similar in nature t o model-predictive-control MPC. If the database contains data structures other than Btrees   , those structures can be treated similar to B-tree root nodes. instead of first sorting all and then merging all the partitions  , we sort and immediately merge the partitions. After reading the returned search results  , the searcher might realize his inappropriate choices  , correct them  , and redo the search. The first phase divides the dataset into a set of partitions. In other cases words were added or omitted. For both runs the Gene name expansion was applied as described in subsection 3.1. This global objective function is hard to evaluate. The addition of a feedforward path would not affect stabilitylO. An online demonstration of the search capabilities of the system is available at http://simulant.ethz.ch/Chariot/. When the number of runs is large relative to available memory  , multiple merge steps may be needed. , <formula>  To handle inter-procedural dependences including recursive functions/procedures  , we have introduced auxiliary types of nodes in a PDG. The five sorts are: Straight insertion  , Quicksort  , Heapsort  , List/Merge sort and Distribution Counting sort. QR  , using a highly tuned semantic engine  , can attain high relevance. Accordingly  , the marking agent successively examines all the reachable objects  , In order to remember which objects have already been examined  , and which ones still need to be  , the agent uses three color marking  , a method introduced by Dijkstra et al. While designing controllers it is usual practice to design the current and speed controllers sequentially  , starting from the inner loop  , the resulting inner closed loop transfers function designated as There are many longer and less frequent motifs in the components  , which makes components like 5 and 9 quite surprising. However  , RaPiD7 is not focusing on certain artifacts or phases of software development  , and actually does not state which kind of documents or artifacts could be produced using the method  , but leaves this to the practitioner of the method. First  , expressing the " nesting " predicate .. Kim argued that query 2 was in a better form for optimization  , because it allows the optimizer to consider more strategies. Using the similarity  , we can define the measure of Semantic Relevance or SRw i   , e as follows: The proofs are constructive and give explicit finger placements and folding motions. For evaluation  , we used the CLIR data released at the FIRE 1 workshop  , 2008. Namely  , our tweet based language model for query expansion still does quite a bit better than our baseline and still appears to give some improvement over the initial query expansion run. In order to estimate Θ  , we generally introduce the log-likelihood function defined as We developed a selection-centric context language model and a selection-centric context semantic model to measure user interest. We first analyzed the theoretical property of kernel LSH KLSH. The retrieval function is: This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . Hence the discussion here outlines techniques that allow us to apply optimizations to more queries. Expansion of pattern level nodes in the link level are shown in the upper link level area. 3. expansion based on all retrieved documents. The PLM at a position of a document would be estimated based on the propagated word counts from the words at all other positions in the document. The time and space complexity of IMRank with the generalized LFA strategy is low. We assumed that the transfer functions were of first order and used classical geometry-based approach for identifying transfer function parameters. These categories conform to TREC's general division of question topics into 4 main entity types 13 . First of all  , their naive approach to combining multiple kernels simply treats each kernel equally  , which fails to fully explore the power of combining multiple diverse kernels in KLSH. Be different from the general query expansion  , here the recapitulative concepts were more focused on. This just means that the mask update rate would be slower than the object localization update r a k . We first fit the general model by fitting it to the general distribution of the minutes between a retweet and the original tweet. For our future work  , we plan to deeply investigate the reasons behind the relatively poor performance of scenario B by running more experiments. , + and data e.g. Some of them suppose a particular geometry planar or with three intersecting axes  , others a fixed kinematic joint type or general mobilities  or even no constraints in the optimization no obstacle avoidance for instance. For pointwise  , random forest is utilized to classify the candidate pairs in the new result. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR refers to retrieval when the query and the database are in different languages. To determine the performance of the proposed approach when applied to CLIR  , we have conducted extensive experiments including the experiments with the NTCIR-2 English-Chinese IR task. We now discuss how to address two practical challenges in employing our model as a prediction tool. In general  , heuristic rules are not designed to optimize the performance  , and thus cannot consistently yield good scheduling results for various the traffic profiles. However  , RML provides in addition an operator for transitive closure  , an operator for regular-expression matching   , and operators for comparison of relations  , but does not include functions. A sample S covers a deterministic regular expression r if it covers the automaton obtained from S using the Glushkov construction for translating regular expressions into automata 14. Here vertex 6 can be mapped to both the second vertex label and the fourth vertex label in the path pattern. The services provided by WiSS include sequential files  , bytestream files as in UNIX  , Bt tree indices  , long data items  , an external sort utility  , and a scan mechanism. Since joint velocities incident to the constraint boundary aC i.e. The observation likelihood is computed once for each of the samples  , so tracking becomes much more computationally feasible. This can be due to the fact that 20Newsgroups categories seem to be closer to each other  , and as a result  , the classifiers are not affected so much. Successively  , this germinal idea was further developed  , considering the dynamics a  , multiple arms 35  , defective systems and different motion capabilities of the robotic devices 6  , 83  , wire-based manipulators  , 9  , 101. Since IMRank adjusts all nodes in decreasing order of their current ranking-based influence spread Mrv  , the values of Mr After each iteration of IMRank  , a ranking r is adjusted to another ranking r ′ . , 2 I   , which requires huges space for long pattern datasets. the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. Certainly  , if the lexicon is available in main memory it can be scanned using normal pattern rnatching techniques to locate partially specified terms. The mapping to the dual plane and the use of arrangements provides an intuitive framework for representing and maintaining the rankings of all possible top-k queries in a non-redundant  , self-organizing manner. We explain the PRM-S model in the following section. To copy otherwise  , to republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. In information retrieval and text mining  , it is quite common to use a word distribution to model topics  , subtopics  , or themes in text3  , 12  , 1  , 21. Sort-based bulk loading is a well established technique since it is used in commercial database systems for creating B+-trees from scratch. Otherwise  , one can just compose a regular expression by concatenating all the input strings using the union operator. The result sets for each topic from each Web domain name were saved to disk. The Shannon Entropy  , H n is defined as: Similarities are only computed between words in the same word list. The user then browses the returned documents and clicks some of them. Due to system uncertainties  , the system stability and performance  , determined based on the loop transfer function given in 16  , is affected by Journal Search. Results and performances of different models and combinations are described in The proposed two-stages model using comparable corpora '4' showed a better improvement in average precision compared to '3'  , the simple model one stage and approached the performance of the dictionary-based model '2' with 79.02%. For the document expansion component  , we employ both LocCtxt document model and ExRes document model based on the observation that the two document models behave differently on different topic sets. However  , to calculate the likelihood function  , we have to marginalize over the latent variables which is difficult in our model for both real variables η  , τ   , as it leads to integrals that are analytically intractable  , and discrete variables z1···m  , it involves computationally expensive sum over exponential i.e. We use the formula to get the Pearson correlation between the two data sets  , Document-level TRDR performance scores are computed for each question and for both methods. Since distinguished variables are assumed to appear exactly once in the consequents of rules with the potential of repeated variables being real&d by equalities in the antecedent  , h is a function. Now  , as our target in TREC is to find an " optimal " ranking function to sort documents in the collection  , individuals should represent tentative ranking functions. Although we have framed the issue in terms of a game  , pure game theory makes no predictions about such a case  , in which there are two identical Nash equilibriums. 12bottom. SQL/D& OBE. Generally  , a chemical similarity search is to search molecules with similar structures as the query molecule. , OS90  , KM90  , CD92. The CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model draws on the intuition that the sequence of features e.g. For example  , if our beers/drinkers/bars schema had " beers " as a top level node  , instead of being as a child node of Drinkers  , then the same query would had been obtained without the reduction optimization. It is hoped that the combination of these features will allow the user to accomplish a search task more easily and also to leverage the serendipity involved in their search. This is done by retrieving the most relevant Wikipedia documents using a search engine  , given the whole text as a query. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work to focus on this problem. The similarity measure employed derives from the extended family of semantic pseudo-metrics based on feature committees 4: weights are based on the amount of information conveyed by each feature  , on the grounds of an estimate of its entropy. Though PLSA components of Table 6cover only 4% of the data  , they are quite interesting. Below  , we vary this bound and see how it influences the correlation between o✏ine metrics and interleaving. The use of the fast Fourier transform and the necessity to iterate to obtain the required solution preclude this method from being used in real time control. To fit the three-way DEDICOM model  , one must solve the following minimization problem With a unique solution  , given appropriate data and adequately distinct factors the best fitting axis orientation is somewhat more likely to have explanatory meaning than one determined by  , e.g. Hashing then involves mapping from keys into the new space  , and using the results of Searching to find the proper hash table location. A conversation specification for S is a specification S e.g. Another research work with different philosophy can be seen in Z where a curve road model was proposed. special effects. The second challenge is that the MDS's frequency threshold cannot be set as high as it is in frequent subsequence mining. This would also allow to attach other messaging back-ends such as the Java Messaging Service JMS or REST based services 11. Our formula search engine is an integral part of Chem X Seer  , a digital library for chemistry and embeds the formula search into document search by query rewrite and expansion Figure 1. A possible cause for this may be the following. Therefore  , we use the LSTM configuration in the subsequent experiments. Time series similarity search under the Euclidean metric is heavily I/O bound  , however similarity search under DTW is also very demanding in terms of CPU time. In addition  , entries need only be made for tuples within the selectivity range of the query. Fourth  , we have launched a Master's project to investigate recovery of pattern-based design components with full-text  , pattern-matching techniques. Thus  , before computing these correlations  , we first apply a logarithm transformation on the scholar popularity and feature values to reduce their large variability as in 17. In routing  , the system uses a query and a list of documents that have been identified as relevant or not relevant to construct a classification rule that ranks unlabeled documents according to their likelihood of relevance. These environments are dominated by issues of software construction. However  , note that a sort-merge anti-join cannot be used if the correlated query block is part of a procedure or function where as NISR can be used in this case. Even with a higher baseline of monolingual with expansion  , combining the CO method with expansion can still yield up to 88% of monolingual performance . If the same types of dependencies were capture by both syntactic and semantic dependencies  , LCE would be expected to perform about equally as well as relevance models. Comparing figure 10with figure 7b shows that the accuracy is similar to our previous experiments where the exact robot distance t o the obstacle was measured. We assume that the rules may include recursive predicates referencing unary  , finite and inversible function symbols. Our system focuses on ordered twig pattern matching  , which is essential for applications where the nodes in a twig pattern follow the document order in XML. All expansion has been performed via the Query Expansion Tool interface QET which allows the user to view only the summaries of top retrieved documents  , and select or deselect them for topic expansion. Thus  , our second measure is average interpolated precision at 0.10 recall. Although not directly comparable due to different test conditions  , different searches  , etc. It is an interesting optimization problem to decide which domains to invert a static optimization and how to best evaluate the qualification given that only some of the domains are inverted. The task is to retrieve relevant tweet documents for each provided query. As can be seen  , the energy function corresponding to the optimal assignment metric yields ibetter results than the overlap metric in all cases. The novelty of the solution lies in the implementation . In order to illustrate the interaction between metamodels   , a homomorphism  , and a set of mapping rules  , we examine portions of two rules from the formalization of UML with Promela. Our probabilistic semantic approach is based on the PLSA model that is called aspect model 2. This result corresponds to the feature as mentioned in Section 4.1. The path generation problem can be modeled as the Traveling Salesman Problem TSP SI. In the M step  , we treat all the variables in Θ as parameters and estimate them by maximizing the likelihood function. Ours is also the first to provide an in-depth study of selecting new web pages for recommendations. The resulting blogs were classified using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset. distances to cosine similarity  , and further convert cosine similarity to L2 distance with saved 2-norms. 4.2.1. , when N is large. In response to each query  , the engine returns a search results page. In Section 3  , we provide an experimental evaluation comparing our approach to previous approaches  , such as DBSCAN and OPTICS. For DBSCAN we do not show the results for DS4 and Swiss-roll since it returned only one cluster  , even when we played with different parameter set- tings. Therefore  , when translating these queries  , we use example-based method that may generate accurate translations. The query relatedness at each expansion term position is then calculated by counting the accumulated query  relatedness density from different query terms at that position . When the page pair is present in the DSN that is  , at least two users viewed these pages together in some sessions  , the model includes the group information through l and m. While l provides an idea about the general user interest in a page pair across all the groups in the DSN  , m shows the popularity of a page pair in a certain group. ,   , and . Typical examples of parameter estimators are pattern matching with video cameras; collision prediction; detection of task switching conditions; identification of dynamic parameters of the load of the system; etc. For each document in X represented as one row in X  , the corresponding row in V explicitly gives its projection in V. A is sometimes called factor loadings and gives the mapping from latent space V to input space X . The method searches for the weights that correspond to the best projection of data in the ddimensional space according to S&D. The clusters of reviews belonging to the bug report and suggestion for new feature categories are prioritized with the aim of supporting release planning activities. The key problem of query expansion is to compute the similarities between terms and the original query. We do not allow a sort to increase or decrease its work space arbitrarily but restrict the size to be within a specified range. FigureObject a has a different geometrical feature than object b  , yet under many grasping configurations  , the relation between the body attached coordinate system of the gripper and the object is the same. The NN plan using naive pointer chasing both for Map lookup and dereferencing S does not even show up in the plot due to its run time of 6'20 hours for 1 MB to 4' 10 hours for a 6 MB buffer. Moreover  , we may draw random samples around the expecta­ tion so as to effectively cover the peak areas of the real likelihood function. sort-merge. Given their inherent overlap  , a mapping between the models is reasonable with some exceptions that require special attention. Berry and Fierro 2 therefore proposed a technique of 'folding-in' by slightly warping the space around the new data  , which can be done relatively efficiently. In our particular case this rating is represented by behavior of users on every page they both visit. Next  , we presented techniques for extracting researcher names and research interests from their homepages. Moreover  , the self-organidng map was used in 29 for text claeaiflcation. A learning agent should calculate an optimal policy ⋆ π by making a number of trials  , i.e. In addition  , we have implemented a standard memorybased method which computes similarities between user profiles based on the Pearson correlation coefficient. In this way  , we can represent a DTD or Schema structure as a set of parallel trees  , which closely resemble DTD/Schema syntax  , with links connecting some leaves with some roots  , in a graph-like manner. PATTERN: Response SCOPE: Global PARAMIZTERS: Propositions boolean vector LTL: RequestedRegisterImpli As noted above  , all of the specifications we found are available on the World Wide Web at 8. Given the problem  , RQ1 asks whether genetic programming used by GenProg works well to benefit the generation of valid patches. Although word-by-word translation provides the starting point for query translation approaches to CLIR  , there has been much work on using term co-occurrence statistics to select the most appropriate translations 10  , 15  , 1  , 21 . We disabled constant folding in LLVM because our test cases use concrete constants for the optimizations that use dataflow analyses as described in Section 4. Number of expansion concepts In Sec. The magnitude of A obtained from experiments is shown in Fig. The new successive higher-order window representations then are fed into LSTM Section 2.2. An ADT-method approach cannot identify common sub-expressions without inter-function optimization  , let alone take advantage of them to optimize query execution. At the time  , both the force acting on the needle and the displacement of the needle were measured. Parallel optimization is made difficult by the necessary trade-off between optimization cost and quality of the generated plans the latter translates into query execution cost. 5 to regularize the implicit topic model. The problem of frequent model retraining and scalability results from the fact that the total number of users and items is usually very large in practical systems  , and new ratings are usually made by users continuously. Mezaris et al. Next  , we used Alchemy 2 to generatively learn the weights of our base MLN using the evidence data. Our first approach extends a state-of-the-art tag recommender based on Genetic Programming to include novelty and diversity metrics both as attributes and in the objective function 1. The Operator calculates which HTTP requests should have their responses bundled and is called when the Tester matches a request. We start by fitting the OLS model of income on main effects only for each variable  , using indicator variable coding for the categorical variables. Naturally  , an abundance of research challenges  , in addition to those we address here  , arise. The particular minimum of 3 in which the robot finds itself is dependent on the path traversed through through joint space to reach current joint angles. A significant scalability challenge for symbolic execution is how to handle the exponential number of paths in the code. Additional simulations with relatively small damping terms were found to converge  , however  , the resulting tip motion had large overshoot and prolonged oscillation. Each iteration of the stochastic gradient descent in PV-DBOW goes through each word exactly once  , so we use the document length 1/#d to ensure equal regularizations over long and short documents. So experienced users' interactive query expansion performance is simulated by the following method: Searches are therefore carried out using every combination of the cut-offs 0 ,3  , 6  , 10  , and 20  , over 4 query expansion iterations. To find the stiffness in the joint space of each finger  , first we have to compute the unique Jacobian relation; particularly  , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closed-loop structured finger  , the backward mapping is unique 5. Cross-language Information Retrieval CLIR is the task of finding documents that are written in one language e.g. The system then builds semantic representation for both the question and the selected sentences. search engine as a mandatory building block : in the setting of a commercial search engine  , the only resource you can afford " for free " is the search engine itself . Guild quitting prediction classifiers are built separately for 3 WoW servers: Eitrigg  , Cenarion Circle  , and Bleeding Hollow. The Match operator finds approximate matches to a query string. 5b and 5c seem to benefit more from the CLIR approach. Finally  , for each set of results the only the the highest scoring 1000 tweets were used by RRF to combine results and only the top 1000 results from each run were submitted to NIST for evaluation. Therefore  , we extract the title  , abstract  , text  , tables' captions  , figures' captions and the reference part from the raw data. We can rank the search results based on these similarity scores. In order to study whether those results are meaningful  , we pick the regular expression CPxxAI as an example and search sequence alignments where the pattern appears. Therefore  , it may be true that within low frequency range  , for example until the natural frequency  , the estimated force can become a good approximate value. The relation elimination proposed by Shenoy and Ozsoyoglu SO87 and the elimination of an unnecessary join described by Sun and Yu SY94 are very similar to the one that we use in our transformations. Mathematically   , given a sequence of training words w1  , w2  , ..  , wT   , the goal of Skip-gram model is to maximize the log probability It is defined as the theoretical probability of observing the data at hand  , given the underlying model. For each state-action pair  s   , a    , the reward r  s   , a  is defined. The blackbox ADT approach for executing expensive methods in SQL is to execute them once for each new combination of arguments. , we counted the appearances of semantic concepts in the service collection and derived the probabilities from this observation. The Pearson correlation between single-assessor and pyramid F-scores in this case is 0.870  , with a 95% confidence interval of 0.863  , 1.00. Specifically  , the <VisualDescriptor> tags  , in the figure  , contain scalable color  , color layout  , color structure  , edge histogram  , homogeneous texture information to be used for image similarity search. , waiting for the use of a definition that is already been killed and trigger backtracking. In this section  , we first describe our experimental setting for predicting user participation in threads in Section 4.1. One solution was to provide an additional feature which was the number of times any URL at the given domain was visited by a toolbar user. RUN1: To provide a baseline for our CLIR results  , we used BableFish to " manually " translate each Chinese query. We consider a slightly more complicated example query with this operator " List for big cities their population number as a percentage of their state's population " : D cities select The smjoin operator performs a sort/merge join. Trend of the coefficients of Jq in q = 0 during learning. As ohservcd in the mcasuremcnts at S ,  , the sort-merge methods require more disk accesses than the nested loops methods due IO sorting. This results in a depth first search. A vector model solely based on word similarities will fail to find the high relevance between the above two context vectors  , while our context distance model does capture such relatedness. To the best of our knowledge  , our work is one of the first to study the search task that a web page can accomplish. In particular  , many researchers have focused on isolating synchronization behaviors in response to timing changes. On average   , each query-based user profile contains 21.2 keywords  , while each browsing-based profile contains 137.4 keywords based on 15 days of behavioral data. Thus  , eachjoint can he driven independently with two degrees of freedom. E.g. We also found that adding implicit state information that is predicted by our classifier increases the possibility to find state-level geolocation unambiguously by up to 80%. The studies reported in this paper continue to broaden the perspective by adding a focus on complex tasks with live multimedia content. Query translation approaches for cross-language information retrieval CLIR can be pursued either by applying a machine translation MT system or by using a token-to-token bilingual mapping. So we adopt a weighting method: The first option will perform a diskbased merge-sort join of Rl and R2  , at a cost of 2P * log P + 2P. Answer extraction methods applied are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . Besides  , Query Expansion technology is adopted in this run. This query is optimized to improve execution; currently  , TinyDB only considers the order of selection predicates during optimization as the existing version does not support joins. Therefore  , a considerable number of questions can only be answered by using hybrid question answering approaches  , which can find and combine information stored in both structured and textual data sources 22. Experiments with semiautomatic query expansion  , however  , do not result in significant improvement of the retrieval effectiveness &m 92. Extreme points in the space of applied forces are created by limits in activation levels some tendons will be at their maximum force and some will be inactive. The first case reflects when a correct morphological variant is not present in the spell-checker word list. These valid ranges can be propagated through the entire query as described in SLR94. LSH is a framework for mapping vectors into Hamming space  , so that the distances in the Hamming hash space reflect those in the input space: similar vectors map to similar hashes. , an " uninformative " prior. , 560 superhashes per document for the seven iterations. Previous methods summarized above can only be used to select one element in the sequence which can not be labeled without context information. Tries to prove the current formula with automatic induction. Experiment results show that our new idea on the feature is successful at least in this field. These events would reveal that the user had examined the search results  , but a user examining a search result would not necessarily emit a corresponding hover or scroll event. Figure 2gives an example of image similarity search. Typically  , the prediction is calculated as a weighted average of the ratings given by other users where the weight is proportional to the " similarity " between users. In this experiment  , we want to find how different ARIMA temporal similarity is from content similarity. Instead  , we draw the samplê Y just once before we begin optimizing w  , but we drawˆYdrawˆ drawˆY using the following strategy:  Choose restart states to span a variety of Δs. Simultaneously  , the Razumikhin function is also used to prove the stability of the time-delay systems due to the com­ plicated construction of the functional . In PLSA models  , the number of hidden aspect factors is a tuning variable  , while the aspects of Genomics Track topics are constants once the corpus and topics are determined. The likelihood 1 Izy or 1s see Section IV-B and IV-C is calculated with where p  , q  , and K are user-chosen parameters  , while φi and ρi ,j are parameters whose values are to be estimated using the training data. , GGT96  , SMY90. To select the best source  , we define the criteria as follows: They noted that optimization of the conditional likelihood function is computationally infeasible due to the complexity of structure search. The maps were used to determine robot pose by fitting new sensor data to the model. Using query expansion method  , recall has been greatly improved. The complexity is significantly smaller than the cost of running the original query because e s r i s typically much smaller than the cardinality of the corresponding relation. The reason why we just use the directed version of the M-HD is that our goal is to check if a pedestrian similar to the template is in the image  , but the distance measure of the other direction may include the information about dissimilarity between non-pedestrian edges in the environment and our template image so that an unreasonable large amount of undirected M-HD occurs. use Wikipedia for query expansion more directly. We used the reference linking API to analyze D-Lib articles. In this system  , several factors are connected with each other in series. So far It has only been possible to identifY approximate intermediate confoTI11ations for few proteins. Furthermore  , pattern matching across hyper-links which is important for Web Site navigation is not supported. In this paper  , we present a stochastic search technique using simulated annealing to solve the machine loading problem in FAS. Space is otherwise completely automatic: it analyzes the target application's source code and returns a list of bugs. The 2011 query expansion modules were also reused. Different from existing interactive image search engines  , most of which only provides querybased or search result-based interaction  , MindFinder enables a bilateral query↔search result interactive search  , by considering the image database as a huge repository to help users express their intentions. An example of a query group is inurl:/includes/joomla.php a-z{3 ,7} Here  , the attacker is searching for sites where the URL contains a particular string. We wrote a parser combinator to parse an SVG path into a sequence of underlying operations . We distinguish two types of path expressions: simple path expression SPE and regular path expression RPE. Another topic for future \irork is providing support for cancelling submitted subqueries to the scheduler when a restrict or a join node yields an empty result. Genetic operators simulate natural selection mechanisms such as mutation and reproduction to enable the creation of individuals that best abide by a given fitness function. Despite the reasonable average percentual increase  , most of the differences are not significant. This paper presents the Kylin Ontology Generator KOG  , an autonomous system that builds a rich ontology by combining Wikipedia infoboxes with WordNet using statistical-relational learning. In doing a search  , a user accomplishes a variety of specific tasks: defining the topic of the search  , selecting appropriate search vocabulary  , issuing commands or selecting menu choices  , viewing retrieved information and making judgments about its relevance or usefulness. The system contains a superset of the documents used in the Legal track. Multilingual data merging needs to be addressed in this work because the CLIR track requires a single ranked list of retrieved documents from data collections in four languages. Additionally it can be used to perform other tasks such as query optimization in a distributed environment. . Our recency-based query-expansion approach is a slight modification of the query-expansion method described in Massoudi et al. and generating full questions is based on regular expression rewriting rules. To determine if this is a significant effect  , we correlate the first infection duration with reinfection . There is an interesting study 4 which found using the Pearson coefficient that there is no correlation between the average precision with the original query and s average precision increment by QE. Web query expansion WebX was the most effective method of all the query expansion methods. We have reviewed the newly-adopted techniques in our QA system. In other words  , even if some slots cannot be matched  , the bigram model can still yield a high match score by combining those matched slots' unigram probabilities. The basic method by which different techniques were compared was query expansion. have proposed a strategy for evaluating inductive queries and also a first step in the direction of query optimization. Fundamentally  , thc dccomposition in 12 rcprcscnts a. mapping from the space of infinitc-dimcnsiona.1 rcalvalucd functions to thc finitc-dimcnsiona.1 spa.cc  ?P. This is observed   , first  , because most conversations in the beginning exhibit a customary dialog pattern  " hi  , " " how are you  , " etc. In addition to the manufacturer BMEcat files  , we took a real dataset obtained from a focused crawl whereby we collected product data from 2629 shops. where f w ,k ∈ R denotes the score for the k-th inter-lingual feature associated with w within the dim-dimensional shared inter-lingual embedding space. Figure 1shows an example of Google image search 1 . The matching score is calculated according to how well the semantic features are matched. 2 Chemical names with similar structures may have a large edit distance. We augmented some of their P2P signatures to account for protocol changes and some new P2P applications. Despite the big differences between the two language pairs  , our experiments on English- Chinese CLIR consistently confirmed these findings  , showing the proposed cross-language meaning matching technique is not only effective  , but also robust. Three layers are presented in SG++  , namely the syntactic layer  , the affirmative layer and the negation one. By extracting the switching points from the model  , we are able to compute the stress vectors that yield a bottleneck change. Following the good results obtained by several groups using Web expansion in previous years  , we upgraded our system to benefit Web expansion using Answers.com search engine. As we can see SPARCL also perfectly identifies the shape-based clusters in these datasets. In this paper we proposed a robust query expansion technique called latent concept expansion.  Recognition of session boundary using temporal closeness and probabilistic similarity between queries. Wikipedia Topic-Entity Expansion Starting from top-15 documents ranked by our system  , we follow two query expansion steps: 1. We order the 1.2k labeled examples by time from the oldest to the most recent. Of course  , in this particular case all configuration are possible  , but we trained the Q-learning to use this configuration exclusively on the flat terrain since it provides the best observation conditions i.e. Plume is a library of utility programs and data structures http://code.google. Thus  , we utilize LSH to increase such probability. In our system  , tags provide an additional basis for mapping the document space  , reflecting our focus on the organization of a local workspace. Search for information online through general or dedicated search engines becomes a part of our daily life. , which makes the optimization infeasible. Pincer- Search 4 uses a bottom-up search along with top-down pruning. This step is like dividing the problem of learning one single ranking model for all training queries into a set of sub-problems of learning the ranking model for each ranking-sensitive query topic. Then we insert randomly some sequences  , defined as " suspicious "   , and detect them through our threshold mechanism. This bug corresponds to mysqld-1 in Table 3  Enable the concurrent_insert=1 to allow concurrent insertion when other query operations to the same table are still pending. NetPLSA regularizes PLSA with a harmonic regularizer based on a graph structure in the data. Specifically   , even after being learned on a wealth of training data for a user  , the system could suffer from over-fitting and " cold-start " problem for new visitors the Web site. That was in contrary to the results we got using query expansion over 2011 and 2012 topics. The Pearson correlation between the actual average precision to the predicted average precision using JSD distances was 0.362. One solution is search engines like Google  , which make it easy to find papers by author  , title  , or keyword. The operator communicates to the robot via four hand signs: point  , preshape  , halt  , and estop emergency stop. The measure is scaled by the value assigned by some basic predictor — in our case  , Clarity  , ImpClarity  , WIG or NQC— to produce the final prediction value. We then calculate the Shannon Entropy Shannon et al. We refer to this kind of function inlining as structural function inlining. In this example  , the subject is 101 characters from the answer  , and thus the match is accepted. A notable feature of the Fuhr model is the integration of indexing and retrieval models. On the other hand this double integrator is necessary for ramp following behavior with a steady state error to become zero. PLSA assigns extremely large close to 1 pθ|d of the topic " windy " to Delaware  , and " hurricane " to Hawaii. the TDT-1 collection: real love in the context of family life as opposed to staged love in the sense of Hollywood". The observation likelihood can be estimated by summing the probability that each pixel in the target region does not belong to the model and by using the exponential function  , as in 27  , to obtain a probability estimate. General English words are likely to have similar distributions in both language models I and A. With other corpora and other parameter settings for the hash-based search methods this characteristic is observed as well. This function is the maximum cumulative discounted reward that can be achieved by starting from state s and applying action a as the first action. To build a machine learning based quality predictor  , we need training samples. This Simple Pearson Predictor SPP is the most commouly used technique due to its simplicity. For domains with wildcards  , the associated virtual host must use a regular expression that reflects all possible names. The proposed model is guided by the principle that given the normalized frequency of a term in a document   , the score is proportional to the likelihood that the normalized tf is maximum with respect to its distribution in the elite set for the corresponding term. Template similar to 1  , is a tree-based regular expression learnt over set of structures of pages within a site. The first method is heuristic query expansion  , and the second is based on random walks over UMLS. As will be discussed later on  , the effectiveness of similarity hashing results from the fact that the recall is controlled in terms of the similarity threshold θ for a given similarity measure ϕ. , the impact factor of information source itself. I'll just jump to that from the search . is non-proper. Thus  , each occurrence of the regular expression represents one data object from the web page. For more sophisticated rules  , cost functions were needed Sma97  to choose among many alternative query plans. The trade-off parameter c of the Support Vector Machine learning was set to 1 in all experiments. De Raedt et al. In this way  , the two major challenges for large scale similarity search can be addressed as: data examples are encoded and highly compressed within a low-dimensional binary space  , which can usually be loaded in main memory and stored efficiently. Other  , more sophisticated IBT approaches using the maximum subsequence optimization may still yield improvement  , but we leave this as future work. As an example  , consider the problem of pattern matching with electrocardiograms. Therefore  , the overall unified hash functions learning step can be very efficient. We need to investigate why longer Ad-Hoc queries in our system do not yield good retrieval effectiveness results. Also  , folding can be simulated by calculating the parabolic motion of each joint. Table 3summarizes the results of the LIMSI IR system for the R1  , S1  , and cross-recognizer conditions . This is a standard trade-off in fitting multiple models to data 8. A complete example of all four combinations can be viewed below: Description: What is depression ? As a result  , large SPARQL queries often execute with a suboptimal plan  , to much performance detriment. 6 For the BaiduQA dataset  , we train 100-dimensional word 20. The standard way of deriving the semantics of a recursive function is to compute the least fixed point of its generating function. When existing access structures give only partial support for an operation  , then dynamic optimization must be done to use the structures wisely. Part-of-speech groups in close proximity to the answer  , which correlate to the question text are kept to ensure the meaning is retained: We then generalise the string to a suitable regular expression  , by removing stopwords and inserting named entity classes where appropriate. , the point-of-interest POI indicates the geo-location and activity category  , while the timestamp reveals the chronological order. A technique for translating queries indirectly using parallel corpora has been proposed by Sheridan & Ballerini 19  , 20. The solution to this problem also has applications in " traditional " query optimization MA83 ,UL82. Traditional text similarity search methods in the original keyword vector space are difficult to be used for large datasets  , since these methods utilize the content vectors of the documents in a highdimensional space and are associated with high cost of float/integer computation. It is important to understand the basic differences between our scenario and a traditional centralized setting which also has query operators characterized by costs and selectivities. Mounted midway in the water column  , the sensor scans horizontally such that the scene can be safely approximated as two dimensional. We used it instead of the Pearson coefficient to avoid introducing unnecessary assumptions about the distribution of the data. We propose a formal probabilistic model for incorporating query and key concepts information into a single structured query  , and show that using these structured queries results in a statistically significant improvement in retrieval performance over using the original description queries on all tested corpora. Despite its complexity  , the LuGre dynamic friction model has been chosen in this activity to further improve the fitting between simulation and experimental results. As shown in Table 1  , we have considered several means by which a FIR system could make use of query expansion: choosing expansion terms based on each collection separately local expansion and sending individual expanded queries to each collection focused querying using sampled documents. Without Indices  , university INGRES used a nested loops join in which the storage structure of a copy of the inner relation is converted to a hashed organization before the join is initiated Commercial INGRES used primarily sort-merge join techniques. Therefore  , surface level similarity measures such as Cosine or Jaccard will fail to identify relevant propositions. If the keyword query is empty  , then it is called " query-less. " Weight all users with respect to similarity to the active user. We hope query expansion will provide some so-called topic words for a query and also increase the mutual disambiguation of common query words. IE can only be employed if sensory information is available that is relevant to a relation  , deductive reasoning can only derive a small subset of all statements that are true in a domain and relational machine learning is only applicable if the data contains relevant statistical structure. Hot-deck imputation HI tends to work well when there are strong correlation between the covariates and the variable with missing values  , and thus it performs differently depending on the correlation structure among the variables. In our approach we made several important assumptions about the model of the environment. In the whole teleoperation  , highly accurate control has been achieved. In the post-task interviews our participants identified using the search features based on the attributes of the search task they were undertaking  , or as a result of their search habits  , and in some cases as a fallback mechanism when the search box and search results failed to help them find relevant information. ACM 978-1-59593-597-7/07/0007. Optimization of query plans using query information improves the performance of all alternatives  , and the addition of DTD-based optimizations improves them further. In this work we use the Jelinek–Mercer method for smoothing instead of the Good Turing approach used by Song. Hence  , this approach bears high potential for CLIR tasks. For custom parameterizations like the regular expression inference discussed above  , the user must define the cardinality function based on the parameterization. Results are not displayed in the browser assistant but in the browser itself. We also see in this experiment that the MKS metric is fairly consistent with Recall. The work is motivated jointly by a need to have search logs available to researchers outside of large search companies and a need to instill trust in the users that provide search data. As seen in Figure 2   , both probabilistic methods  , i.e. , a class  , a variable  , an if-statement to describe patterns  , and prefer to use fragments of source code to describe actions. It was pointed out by Dijkstra that the structural complexity of a large software system is greater than that of any other system constructed by man 3  , and that man's ability to handle complexity is severely limited DI ,D2. For extroverted participants  , robot's intervention increases people's heart rate in easy game level and decreases it in the difficult level. The key contributions of our work are: Techniques were used for query expansion  , tokenization  , and eliminating results due solely to matching an acronym on the query side with an acronymic MeSH term. In this method  , the TSP was solved as a sub-optimal exploration path by using a Simulated Annealing method SI. The type of the tax is set to TurnoverTax  , since all taxes in BMEcat are by definition turnover taxes. Here  , the likelihood function that we Montana's contact equations 4f are used to specify the evolution of contact points of the fingertips on the object at each time step. method is specific to recommendations using random walks  , we can transfer their exponential decay function to our model as follows: While the Boldi et al. In 3   , a learning strategy is used for determining similarity between records. Therefore the ad search engine performs similarity search in the vector space with a long query and relatively short ad vectors. Furthermore  , induction of the magnetic circuit results in a first order transfer function that governs the behavior of the output torque. Pirkola appears to have been the first to try separately estimating TF and DF for query terms in a CLIR application 13  , using the InQuery synonym operator to implement what he called " structured queries. " We argue that these parameters should be adjusted more accurately and depend on the purpose target click-metric and market. From these logs  , we extracted search sessions that began with a query to Google  , Yahoo! Second  , from the initial belief  , covariances at other vertices can be computed efficiently by propagating Λ − 0 using covariance transfer functions. The Internet Archive 25 once provided a full-text search engine called Recall 20 that had a keyword search future for 11 billion pages in its archive. A potential problem with query expansion is topic drift and the inclusion of non-informative terms from highly ranked documents. Second  , the input to make chamber A fully filling  , xaf  , is 0.4  , and the input to make chamber B fully filling  , xbf  , is -0. We believe that our results can guide implementors of search engines  , making it clear what scoring functions may make it hard for a client meta-broker to merge information properly  , and making it clear how much the meta-broker needs to know about the scoring function. The transfer hands have a function to be able to give a tensile force to the fiber  , thereby ensuring the fiber is straight and not break at all. In Section 4 we introduce DBSCAN with constraints and extend it to run in online fashion. Stochastic gradient descent is a common way of solving this nonconvex problem. Some statistics regarding the road maps con­ structed for the protein folding problems are shown in Ta­ hIe 2. We find temporal similar queries using ARIMA TS with various similarity measures on query logs from the MSN search engine. Standard feature selection methods tend to select the features that have the highest relevance score without exploiting the semantic relations between the features in the feature space. The query expansion methodology follows that query expansion is applied or not respectively. Therefore we have to resort to optimization techniques that are better at dealing with local minima and handling an apparently non-deterministic envi- ronment. Figure 1presents a typical scenario where faceted search is useful with an expert search. By precalculating the path expression  , we do not have to perform the join at query time. 7  , each supervisor $ E must ensure that: a $s = admissible if state s is semi-chained  , and b if $s = admissible then there exists a semi-chained state s' E Rs  , $. sKDD transforms the original numerical temporal sequences into symbolic sequences  , defines a symbolic isokinetics distance SID that can be used to compare symbolic isokinetics sequences   , and provides a method  , SYRMO  , for creating symbolic isokinetics reference models using grammar-guided genetic programming. Intuitively  , when the result ranking is poor  , the users are expected to spend more time reading Table 2: Pearson correlation between viewing time and whole page relevance. 8shows a graph of an implemented actuator design function. Search UK as a Federated Search enabler. Many learning scenarios involve demonstrations in a con­ tinuous domain. To reduce execution costs we introduced basic query optimization for SPARQL queries. The search consists of two phases  , where in the first phase m paths are planned in the joint subspaces using a local search method. Thus  , the collection used for this investigation was the English corpus from the TREC8 CLIR Track and the 28 German and English queries from the same track for which relevance judgements are available. World Explorer helps users to search for a location and displays a tag cloud over that location. Now that the model has been fully specified  , the final step is to estimate the model parameters. K v can contain any unnested function term f   , where f ∈ K v means that at plan time the planner " knows the value of f . " Figure 10shows the trajectory of mouse movements made by a sample user who is geographicallyrefining a query for ski. More recently  , MSN and Google Search 13 ,9 added location look-up capability that extracts location qualifiers from search query strings. All Permission to copy without ~ee all or part o~ this material is granted provided th;ot the copyright notice a~ the "Organization o~ the 1~86-ACM Con~erence an Research and Development in Information Retrieval~ and the title o~ the publication and it~ date appear. The browser never applies content-similarity search on a relevant document more than once. In Figure 2we examine the accuracy and convergence of information transfer estimates as a function of time both with and without bias correction. it computes clusters giving each dimension equal weights. When the semantic relevance is calculated  , however  , the equation takes into account all the interpretation words including talking or church or play. The relationship between the topic space and the term space cannot be shown by a simple expression. The time overhead of event instrumentation and pattern matching is approximately 300 times to the program execution. We see that although the query expansion systems move points associated with some queries  , neither expansion system offers much reduction in the query-to-query scatter. From another perspective  , searching a gigabyte of feature data lasts only around one second. The similarity measure used in the example is Figure 21.2 shows a simple search tree  , a request  , the primary bucket and a set of priorities for the arcs not yet explored. Therefore  , the unvisited POIs also contribute to learning the model  , while they are ignored in conventional MF. The Reranking is performed by using a similarity measure between a query vector and a web page in the search results. In DBSCAN a cluster is defined as a set of densely-connected points controlled by  which maximize density-reachability and must contain at least M inP ts points. Essentially  , these modifications inject item-item relationships into the user-user model. Hence the cross-axis effect of y-acceleration on the x-axis may be modeled by the least-squares fitting of a secondarder polynomial to the data  , The result of this model is shown in Fig. First artificial space-variant sensors are described in 22. As shown by the results  , compared with the results obtained without query expansion see Table 17  , the query expansion does improve retrieval performance  , if an appropriate setting is applied. This technique is now routinely used in speech retrieval 7  , but we are not aware of its prior use for CLIR. In an IR setting  , a system maintains a collection of documents D. Given a query q  , the system retrieves a subset of documents d ∈ Dq from the collection  , ranks the documents by a global ranking model f q  , d  , and returns the top ranked documents. To estimate the effect of using 'n' Turkers  , we randomly sampled 'n' ratings for each annotation item n ∈ {1  , 40}. We believe this is a very promising research direction. That the exclusive use of relevant documents to generate query expansion terms would effect the systems positively. The next section will discuss the classification method. Timestamp is the compile time of the query and is used to prohibit learning from old knowledge. , 11 . We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. As described in Section 3  , the frequency is used as an exponent in the retrieval function. On-line control command is calculated mapped from the learned lookup table with the on-line sampled new sensor signals. 9c Because the large folding actually happened  , the 3D position corresponding to the shoulder node was far from the position of the model shape. The advantages of STAR-based query optimization are detailed in Loh87. During sorting  , the Ibis only need to be read once if they fit into the buffer  , or more than once " if merge-sort is required for a smaller buffer. We believe that much future work can be done. In 22   , a scheme for utilizing semantic integrity constraints in query optimization  , using a graph theoretic approach  , is presented. The first term corresponds to costdata|model  , which are the cost to transfer the labels of each continuous point  , and the rest corresponds to penaltymodel  , which describes the coding book of labels and necessary delimiters. First  , we see that both pLSA and LapPLSA with different resources  can outperform the baseline. Our research seeks to explore such techniques. This also makes automatic summarization easier because human voices can be easily recognized and pattern matching should be useful for recognizing many natural sounds. SIGIR '99 6/99 Berkley  , CA  , USA 0 1999 ACM l-5611%096-1/99/0007. where y* is the class label with the highest posterior probability under the model IJ  , or the most likely label sequence the Viterbi parse. The query language is based on a hyperwalk algebra with operations closed under the set of hyperwalks. , 2010  , by means of the Wavelet Transform  , obtains the audio signal in the time-frequency domain. The SWORDS platform developed by Foster-Miller is already at work in Iraq and Afghanistan and is fully capable of carrying lethal weaponry M240 or M249 machine guns  , or a Barrett .50 Caliber rifle. It is an efficient method to compute the grandfather of a set of persons. This avoids numerically unsound calculations such as inversion of transfer function matrices. A camera is positioned above the table with its visual axis forming an angle of 30° with the vertical  , in a way that the target edge appears at the lower edge of the acquired image. However  , when MRD translation was supplemented with parts-of-speech POS disambiguation  , or POS and corpus-based disambiguation   , CLIR queries performed much better. query-term overlap and search result similarity. For our dataset we used clicks collected during a three-month period in 2012. where U k   , S k   , and V k are matrices composed of the top k left singular vectors  , singular values  , and right singular vectors  , respectively. For the 5-bar linkage robot with only horizontal vibrations  , described in 27   , it has been shown that  , assuming no damping  , the transfer function from the base motor torque to reflected output is passive27. Different trees may have different thresholds for the same predicates  , and can use different matching functions on the same attributes. The following discrete time equation expresses the repetitive compensation: For each user  , we compute the weighted average of the top N similar users to predict the missing values. As with joins in relational queries  , optimization of navigation operations is crucial for efficiently executing complex Web queries. Seven propositions  , or " patterns " in were found. esmimax: This system is to use semantic similarity score to rank search engines for each query. The user can search for the k most similar files based on an arbitrary specification.  The distinguishability of keyword: A resource having semantic paths to distinguishable keywords is more relevant than a resource having semantic paths to undistinguishable keywords. For comparison purposes  , the corresponding results for the knowledge-based controller and the Q-learning controller are reported in columns a and b  , respectively. The parameters used to plot this transfer function were the same as those in Figure 3 driving frequency. At last  , we stem the words on the content using a tool called lib-stemmer library 1 . Here  , " Architecture " is an expression of the pattern-matching sublanguage. We ran the experiments on a DEC Alpha 3000/400 workstation running UNIX. The latter approach was chosen in this paper because it avoids representing the high-dimensional feature space. Given our observations on the combined result  , a natural step for future work would prune further to prevent low quality resources from deteriorating high quality resources. If the content of a file is needed for character string operations such as a regular expression operation with the preg_match extension  , an FTCS object actually reads the file and stores its content in a form similar to an ordinary character string object. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. We can observe that the other classifiers achieve high recall  , i.e. The optimization problem becomes even more interesting in the light of interactive querying sessions 2  , which should be quite common when working with inductive databases. Although we ran comparisons under all three mappings  , due to space constraints  , we show only measurements taken under the M-NC mapping  , because M-NC was the superior mapping in Section 5.2. The state space consists of interior states and exterior states. Such federated search has the additional benefits of lower computational cost and better scaling properties. A keyword search engine like Lucene has OR-semantics by default i.e. It is only recently  , for example  , that IBM announced plans to build the world's fastest supercomputer — Blue Gene — which will attempt to compute the three-dimensional folding of human protein molecules. These operations provide the framework to enable useful extensions to data modeling. The second issue  , the optimization of virtual graph patterns inside an IMPRECISE clause  , can be addressed with similarity indexes to cache repeated similarity computations—an issue which we have not addressed so far. A challenge in multi-database mining is a semantic heterogeneity among multiple databases because usually no explicit foreign key/link relationships exists among them. The results with and without the pipelining optimization are shown in Figure 17. While the first active genetic programming approach was presented in 4  , similar approaches for LD were developed later 7 ,15 . For each topic  , we extracted all document pairwise preferences from the top 20 documents retrieved by each system. We categorize links suggested by our system into four categories: C1  , correct links; C2  , missing interlayer concept; C3  , one-step errors  , suggest two sibling concepts or reverse the relation; C4  , incorrect relation. Automatic music summarization approaches can be classified into machine learning based approaches 1 ,2 ,3 and pattern matching based approaches 4 ,5 ,6. Latent semantic models based on the latent space matching approach learn vector representations for queries and documents  , such that the distance between a query vector vQ and a document vector vD reflects the degree of relevance of the document D to the query Q. In addition to having to find a number in the vicinity of " 1 million square miles "   , we also need to account for the fact that the passage may talk about square kilometers  , or acres. This is probably why more efforts are put into the preparation work when using JAD  , and why with JAD the typical " from preparation to a finished document -time " is longer than with RaPiD7. Generating the full question was done in the following way: We start with the original question. In order to test significance of the di↵erences in correlation values we used the 5/5 split procedure described above. Typically  , a Web browser interprets an HTML file just once  , in sequential order  , and so the semantics of character data do not need to be spot-checked by 'random access'. In our model  , we connect two components through a set of shared factors  , that is  , the latent factors in the second component for contents are tied to the factors in the first component for links. For the example question  , a search was done using a typical similarity measure and the bag of content words of the question. The fifth column C-o presents the copyright owner  , which has five values: library Lib  , individual Ind  , organization Org  , vary and public domain P-d. We propose the following two definitions to measure the quality of density in DBSCAN. 0 For a rule r   , we define the function h from the set of distinguished variables in r to the set of all variables in r. For a distinguished variable x  , hx is the variable that appears in the recursive predicate in the antecedent in the same position as x appears in the consequent. The join over the subject variable will be less expensive and the optimization eventually lead to better query performance. Instead of picking the top document from that ranking  , like in TDI  , the document is drawn from a softmax distribution. Even though a common approach in CLIR is to perform query translation QT using a bilingual dictionary 32  , there were studies showing that combining both QT and document translation DT improved retrieval performance in CLIR by using bilingual representations in both the source and target language 28  , 19  , 7  , 4. We detail our semantic modeling approach in In Section 3  , we review conventional IR methods in order to display the basic underlying concepts of determining text relevance. The labels show the topic numbers. Answers dataset 5 di↵erent splits are used to generate training data for both LSTM and ranking model  , Figure 2describes the steps I took to build training datasets. To illustrate this  , the data of Sec­ tion 4.2 Fi gure 3a» was Fourier t ransformed to give the data YjOl and UjOl shown i n Figure 4 a. We will focus our related work discussion on path extraction queries. Both tools employ heuristics to speed up their search. This part of experiment is indicated as Supervised Modeling Section 3.3. For larger datasets  , this overhead gets amortized and Ontobroker comes out on top. Table 1summarizes the Kendall-τ and Pearson correlation for the four query selection methods when selecting {20  , 40  , 60}% of queries in the Robust 2004 and the TREC-8 test collections. Intent generation and ranking. The model is built by fitting primitives to sensory data. We therefore conclude that In terms of RQ4  , we find that LapPLSA regularized with explicit subtopics tends to outperform the non-regularized pLSA for cases where we do not optimize the setting of K  , and simply choose it at random from a reasonable range. We can actually treat the ranking function space as a space consists of all kinds of tree structures. 10 also constructed a similarity graph  , where nodes are the images e.g. SOC-PMI Islam and Inkpen 2006 improved semantic similarity by taking into account co-occurrence in the context of words. give a survey on the overall architecture of DOLORES and describe its underlying multimedia retrieval model. Therefore  , transformation methods must be considered which are more efficient than the mapping techniques In the generation of the data point  ,. In CF1 we highlighted the suggested query expansion terms shown in the context of snippets  , and put a checkbox next to each snippet. Note that our baseline methods are already significantly better than k-NN and PLSA; thus the improvement due to VarSelect is very significant. The query optimizer can add-derivation operators in a query expression for optimization purpose without explicitly creating new graph view schemes in the database. able for short  , context-inadequate queries. The real execution time of the conversion functions depends on the implementation strategy chosen as it will be described in Figure 1: Schema evolution until time t4. At least as serious  , the single existing set of relevance judgements we know of is extremely limited; this means that evaluating music- IR systems according to the Cranfield model that is standard in the text-IR world…is impossible  , and no one has even proposed a realistic alternative to the Cranfield approach for music. Searches were carried out using all cutoffs between O and 20  , 0 being no query expansion. The null hypothesis states that the observed times were drawn from the same distribution  , which means that there is no context bias effect. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 3shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration . The results of our optimization experiments are shown in Tables 2 and 3. Second  , it would be useful to investigate customization solutions based on shared tree pattern matching  , once such technology is sufficiently developed. Besides  , two issues have been studied: finding key information in topics  , and dynamic result selection. For example: Since the additional recursive functions are anonymous  , they cannot possibly be invoked anywhere else. , 7  , 2  , and at sentence level  , e.g. To verify the transfer function of the link in time domain  , a step input of 75 volts was applied to the actuator. The Search Service. 5 we can derive the expression C Nevertheless  , we anticipate that pattern-matching operations on NEUMES data as distinct from literal string matching will be required during melodic search and comparison operations. For instance  , the regular expression ^Jjan uary ? Thus  , the expansion independence assumption of Section 4.1 is more likely to be violated by the ISJ queries than by the Legal ones. In information extraction  , important concepts are extracted from specific sections and their relationships are extracted using pattern matching. For retrieving newspaper articles  , we used <DESCRIPTION> and a combination of <DESCRIPTION> and <NARRATIVE>  , extracted from all 42 topics in the NTCIR-3 CLIR collection. We will show that categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach returns better result than not-categorized  , not-weighted approaches. The type system was designed for an applied lambda calculus with string concatenation   , and it was not discussed how to deal with string operations other than concatenation. While the libraries are focusing on the customization of existing tools  , such as the The CLIR/DLF fellow at Indiana University has been placed within the D2I Center as a liaison to the libraries. This paper presents our research work on automatic question classification through machine learning approaches  , especially the Support Vector Machines. Finally  , we measured the performance of the proposed system that integrates the query expansion component  , document expansion component and temporal re-ranking component . Conventional contextual advertising primarily matches ads to web pages based on categories or prominent keywords which are regarded as semantic meaning. To demonstrate these techniques  , we describe the development of the inchworm robot shown in Fig. We call this tree the LSH Tree.   , βn be coefficients that are estimated by fitting the model to an existing " model building " data set  , where β0 is termed the model " intercept. " Although we require the original target variable to do this  , an important property is demonstrated. Figure 3shows the accuracy on S500 data  , as the trees were grown in the random forest. To the best of the authors' knowledge  , however  , our work is the first on automatically detecting queries representing specific standing interests   , based on users' search history  , for the purposes of making web page recommendations. Snoop  , however  , does not provide mechanisms for using contextual in- formation to constrain event matching. Antoniol  , Canfora  , Casazza  , DeLucia  , and Merlo 3 used the vector space model and a probabilistic model to recover traceability from source code modules to man pages and functional requirements. But in order to consider the special nature of annotations for retrieval  , we proposed POLAR Probabilistic Object-oriented Logics for Annotation-based Retrieval as a framework for annotation-based document retrieval and discussion search 8 . These context-sensitive token translation probabilities can then be used in the same way as context-independent probabilities. A failure here results in the exploitation of visual features which are used as input to a support-vector machine based classifier. We also wondered whether users from one culture were more likely to choose popular tags. In the following  , we investigate three different  , theoretically motivated methods for predicting retrieval quality i.e. Self-encrypting and polymorphic viruses were originally devised to circumvent pattern-matching detection by preventing the virus generating a pattern. This section is devoted to a description of the extender performance where the following question is addressed: What dynamic behavior should the extender have in performing a task ? The derivation of the gradient and the Hessian of the log-likelihood function are described below specifically for the SO3 manifold. In particular  , users' querying behavior their " talk "  is a more limited source of predictive signal than their browsing behavior their " walk " . At last  , we chose 13 questions from QALD and 13 questions from WebQuestions . In Section 2  , we present our transliteration techniques. p~ ~  ,. Working in the concatenated feature spaces the remaining unclustered documents are then assigned to the groups using a constrained PLSA model. When m or n is large  , storing user or item vectors of the size Omr or Onr and similarity search of the complexity On will be a critical efficiency bottleneck   , which has not been well addressed in recent progress on recommender efficiency 23. However  , this only covers a special case of grouping  , as we will discuss in some detail in Section 3. However  , our input data is neither as short as mentioned studies  , nor long as usual text similarity studies. In Box 1  , the first horizontal optimization results in a new function call 2 lines 1-4  , 11-13  , and Vertical Optimization is invoked with a pair of arguments  , the resulting expression and the type Section lines 14-15. Among many variants of language models proposed  , the most popular and fundamental one is the query-generation language model 21  , 13  , which leads to the query-likelihood scoring method for ranking documents. , matching slot by slot. For example  , a simple choice would be to define the start of each attribute that needs to be extracted by evaluating a regular expression on the HTML of the Yahoo! As introduced in Section 5.3.3  , our system implements a user recommendation functionality through a query expansion mechanism. Our first experiment investigates the differences in retrieval performance between LSs generated from three different search engines. The sort-and-merge includes sorting hash tables  , writing them to temporary run-files and merging the run-files into the final XML document. DBSCAN can separate the noise outliers  and discover clusters of arbitrary shape. Query expansion in source language reserves the room for untranslated terms by including relevant terms in advance. Consequently   , a dual title-keywords representation was used in ClusterBook. Since XQuery does not support regular path expressions  , the user must express regular path expressions by defining user-defined structurally recursive functions. , setting aside the results of the Ad Hoc Pool  , we obtain a Pearson productmoment correlation coefficient of 0.927 with a 95% confidence interval of 0.577  , 0.989. A specific form of the ho­ mography is derived and decomposed to interpolate a unique path. TableSeer offers two levels of searches: basic search and advanced search. We contrast and compare our recent work as CLIR/DLF postdoctoral fellows placed in three different institutions 2. In summary  , the plan generator considers and evaluates the space of plans where the joins have exactly two arguments . 4 study the problem of semantic query suggestion  , where each query is linked to a list of concepts from DBpedia  , ranked by their relevance to the query. These feature vectors are used to train a SOM of music segments. Finally  , the optimal query correlatioñ Q opt is leveraged for query suggestion. For example  , for Paraphrase-Abbreviation questions for example  , " What is the abbreviation for the United Nations "   , it retrieves all articles in which the fullname United Nations appears. Moreover  , the search engine we employ is more in line with current clinical and Web retrieval engines and the requirements they have to fulfill. An individual's representation in search is a true informationage problem. 1 is to assure that each word w  , regardless of its actual language  , obtains word collocates from both vocabularies. If a policy determines that a credential may be disclosed  , the strategy determines whether the disclosure is necessary  , and when it should take place. More advanced users may employ the search feature to find the button by searching for its label  , assuming they know what the label is  , and the label is a text string. The problem of imputation is thus: complete the database as well as possible. Large number of items  , that do not fit into the total space provided by the local stores of the participating SPEs  , are sorted using a three-tiered approach. The system is capable of contextual search capability which performs eeective document-to-document similarity search. RQ2 Does the LSTM configuration have better learning abilities than the RNN configuration ? In this paper we aim to learn from positive and negative user interactions recorded in voice search logs to mine implicit transcripts that can be used to train ASR models for voice queries first contribution . Using our TPLSA model  , the common knowledge between two domains can be extracted as a prior knowledge in the model  , and then can be transferred to the test domain through the bridge with respect to common latent topics. This would be less expensive than the semantic approach. A distinct property of patent files is that all patents are assigned International Patent Classification IPC codes that can be exploited to calculate the similarity between a query patent and retrieved patents in prior art search. This first segmentation may contain some errors  , e.g. In addition to the early work on Web queries  , query execution over Linked Data on the WWW has attracted much attention recently 9 ,10 ,12 ,13 ,14. However  , researchers 13  , 44  , 45 have proposed methods to infer semantically related software terms  , and have built software-specific word similarity databases 41  , 42. In Section 2  , we describe the various components of CLIR systems  , existing approaches to the OOV problem  , and explain the ideas behind the extensions we have developed. Knowing the long-standing and firm relationship between vector space models  , semantics modeling and IR 37  , 16  , one goal of this paper is to establish a new link between the recent text representation learning methodology based on word embeddings and modeling in information retrieval  , with the focus on the fundamental ad-hoc retrieval task. Fig- ure 13shows the average characteristics of the faceted interfaces generated by these methods. All these techniques rely on similarity functions which only use information from the input string and the target entity it is supposed to match. The geometric configuration of robot manipulability includes two wellknown types: manipulability ellipsoidl  and manipulability polytope2  , 3 ,4. We start by developing a formal probabilistic model for the utilization of key concepts for information retrieval. We further incorporate the probabilistic query segmentation into a unified language model for information retrieval. We found that the two metrics are slightly correlated Pearson r = 0.3584. It should be noted that the +10% improvement arising from use of the TR derived expansion terms is in addition to the +30% relative to the baseline when using the SDR derived expansion terms. However  , this resulted in severe overfitting . Each log likelihood function relies on one set of parameters. Compared with these alternative approaches  , PLSA with conjugate prior provides a more principled and unified way to tackle all the challenges. Once we created the testing datasets  , we extract topics from the data using both PLSA and NetPLSA. Passivity theory provides a powerful way to describe dynamically coupled systems by focusing on energy transfer 138. Generative model. This simulated evolution took much of the complexity of the system away and provided important insights on the specification of the predation strategy to be used with the real robots. ClassificationCentainty as 'compute the Random forest 4  class probability that has the highest value'. In computa­ tional geometry  , there are various paper folding problems as well 25. However  , the problem on how those edit costs are obtained is still unsolved. Mobile manipulators may have difficulties for the stability in climbing up a hill  , maneuvering on unstructured terrain  , and fast manipulation. 15 proposed a simulated annealing approach to obtain optimal measurement pose set for robot calibration. An approach to semantic query optimization using a translation into Datalog appears in 13  , 24. In information retrieval there are three basic models which are respectively formulated with the Boolean  , vector  , and probabilistic concepts. Figure 2awas taken from these data. Applicability in an Epoq optimizer is similar in function to pattern-matching and condition-matching of left-hand sides in more traditional rule-based optimizers. The results indicate that the improvements of R-LTR-NTN plsa and R-LTR-NTN doc2vec over R- LTR are significant p-value < 0.05  , in terms of all of the performance measures. The last two prefix-global features are similar to likelihood features 7 and 8  , but here they can modify the ranking function explicitly rather than merely via the likelihood term. Evaluating the query tests obviously takes time polynomial in the size of the view instance and base update. The common thread here is that the most plausible experiments are on real or realistic data; search tasks such as to find the documents on computer science in a collection of chemical abstracts seeded with a small number of articles by Knuth and Dijkstra are unlikely to be persuasive Tague-Sutcliffe  , 1992. Fig.5shows an example of model location setting on the basis of the inputted eye image. In the three long query results  , nttd8le is query expanded  , nttd8l has no query expansion and nttd8lx is a hybrid of nttd8l and nttd8le. This means that the search space exploration time complexity is Ologn * 2 |q| . Query rewriting Since the ultimate goal of users is to search relevant documents   , the users can search using formulae as well as other keywords. Second  , we assess the extent to which the topical preferences emanating from the 12 metrics align with human assessments. Second  , the notions of pattern matching and implicit context item at each point of the evaluation of a stylesheet do not exist in XQuery. We show that the proposed general framework has a close relationship with the Pairwise Support Vector Machine. If the value library  , owners Lib  , Own appears  , the fee should be paid to both library and owners. semantic sets measured according to structural and textual similarity. Jing et al. The resulting dynamical model is described by fewer equations in the u-space. A set of sufficient conditions for showing that a folding preserves violations of specifications expressed in propositional temporal logic are given in YouSS. The formal model which is used to investigate the effects of these variables is the 2–Poisson model Harter 5  , Robertson  , van Rijsbergen and Porter 6. We use a pattern-matching module to recognize those OODs with fixed structure pattern  , such as money  , date  , time  , percentage and digit. We are specifically considering templates that are classified to be graspable. Another example of visualization techniques of this category is self-organizing map SOM. The notion of identity representation in search is quite simple; the issue can be summed by the question " What does a search engine say about an individual  , when that individual is researched in a search engine by another individual ? " This makes them difficult to work with from an optimization point of view. This can be achieved by extending the basic PLSA to incorporate a conjugate prior defined based on the target paper's abstract and using the Maximum A Posterior MAP estimator . Chain search is done by computing similarity between the selected result and all other content based on the common indices. We sampled a query log and pair queries with documents from an annotated collection  , such as a web directory  , whose edited titles exactly match the query. For many single terms  , temporal significance is implied by their context i.e. This is because the order by which each node-pair is to be joined is determined by the recursive depth-first sequence that consequently makes it difficult to globally modify any ordering of traversal. We evaluated the three commercial location search engines  , and here we are presenting as the baseline  , the performance of the best of the three commercial services  , when supplied with the four highest ranked transliterations from our transliteration system. Differences are related to the goals of the methods and the scope of using the methods in software development projects. From the CLIR viewpoint  , MT is not regarded as a promising approach. We use the notation that af denotes the class in which the field f is declared as an instance variable  , and For read or role transition effects  , we record the starting point and regular expression for the path to the object. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios  , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought l  , 9  , lo . We define the following well-known similarity measures: the cosine similarity and Pearson correlation coefficient. Finally  , a user similarity matrix is constructed capturing similarity between each pair of users over a variety of dimensions user interests  , collection usage  , queries  , favorite object descriptions that are integrated into a unified similarity score. The transfer function relates the joint position in radians to the command signal in counts with a 12-bit D/A board. This method is a kind of feed-forward control. We define and combine two different kernel functions that calculate the pairwise similarity between sentences bag-of-words and verb. Most search tools available for the WWW today e.g. There is no formal definition for operation similarity  , because  , just like in other types of search  , similarity depends on the specific goal in the user's mind. Results showed that there was a high correlation among subjects' responses to the items Table 6. We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise activity similarity information. Several previous studies have proposed strategies for estimating retrieval costs 7  , 25. Internet advertising is a complex problem. result page  , but depending on the scenario more powerful languages may be needed that take the DOM tree structure of the HTML or even the layout of the rendered page into account. In general  , in the worst case we would need to look at all possible subsets of triples an exponential search space even for the simplest queries. To overcome the disadvantage some efforts have been taken. We report results as averages across all EC classes in We performed " one-class vs. rest " Support Vector Machine classification and repeated this for all six EC top level classes. In the third stage  , the query optimizer takes the sub-queries and builds an optimized query execution plan see Section 3.3. This means in practice that a person uses approximately a day to finalize the work. We compute the likelihood function P s|θ   , multiply it to the prior distribution pθ  , and derive the posterior distribution pθ|s. These curves show typical findability behaviors of a topic  , ranging from topics which are extremely difficult to find  , no matter how many search terms are used  , to topics for which 3-4 query terms are sufficient for achieving high AP. In this paper  , we considered the problem of classification in the context of document collections where textual content is scarce and imprecise citation information exists. Conversely  , given the NMF formulation in eq. In general  , programmers use a language to map their ideas into a program space. µ is a solution in evalG W   , BGP   , if it is complete for BGP and Internally  , the framework builds up a microscopic representation of the system based on these observations as well as on a list of interactions of interest specified by the user. Perplexity  , which is widely used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood lower numbers are better. For support vector machine  , the polynomial kernel with degree 3 was used. Based on several experiments  , the best estimates for the author's hand sensitivity is presented by equation 7. -relevance evaluation  , which allows ordering of answers. There are nonredundant questions in top-5 positions of the re-ranked list. 4.4  , we tuned the number of concepts k for query expansion using training data. The parameters of the final PLSA model are first initialized using the documents that have been pre-assigned to the selected cluster signatures. In our experiments the optimal number of user groups was found to be two  , which was later used when computing the predictions for the final test set. The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. The well-known kernel trick is difficult to be applied to 9  , while kernel trick is considered as one of the main benefits of the traditional support vector machine. The age distribution among positively classified searchers is strikingly similar to the expected distribution  , particularly for the ages of 60s and 70s  , which are each within 1 percent of the expected rate. , 35  , 3  , 23  , relevance models e.g. None of these methods work in conjunction with direct transfer of Q-values for the same two reasons: First  , if the learning rate is too high  , correct in­ formation is overwritten as new Q-values are up­ dated. It is the same engine that was used for previous TREC participations e.g. Throughout this paper  , we will use the TREC average noninterpolated precision to measure retrieval performance Voorhees  , 1997. Streemer also requires similar parameters  , but we found that it is not sensitive to them. Recall that the PATH-IS function accepts an argument which is a regular expression  , say R. It turns out that it has an implicit formal parameter s which is a string made up by concatenating integers between 1 and m. Therefore  , the PATH-IS function really denotes the following question: Does s belong to the regular set R ? Each iteration of AO* search is composed of two parts. In random forest  , one way to measure the importance of a feature in a model is by calculating the average drops in Gini index at nodes where that feature is used as the splitting cri- teria 6. The problem with this implementation is that it generates a steady state . It should be noted that Axdi is calculated by each follower based on the observable state of each follower AX ,. As such  , Search Pad represents the ideal application for us to verify our claim that identifying and using search missions is valuable to users. The performance of a similarity search system can be measured in three aspects: search quality  , search speed  , and space requirement. , 17 detect matching properties while learning link specifications  , which currently implements several time-efficient approaches for link discovery. We also experimented with using these selected terms for query expansion. Rule writing requires some knowledge of the JAPE pattern-matching lan- guage 11 and ANNIE annotations. The results of the pattern-matching are also linguistically normalized  , i.e. The handlers are executed  , like functions  , in a recursive descent manner. We have investigated user search behavior in a complex multisession search task  , with a search system that provides various types of input components. where #d is the number of words in d  , || d|| is the norm of vector d and γ is a hyper-parameter that control the strength of regularization. Established methods for determining model structure are at best computationally intensive  , besides not easily automated. 12 Although the most recent version of the application profile  , from September 2004 13  , retains the prohibition on role refinement of <dc:creator>  , the efforts the DC- Lib group made to find some mechanism for communicating this information supports the view that role qualification is considered important. The TREC topics are real queries  , selected by editors from a search engine log. The necessary conditions to bundle operators within a block are: same degrees of parallelism and same partitioning strategies. We discretize the height map into a grid of 48 x 48  , for all 3 channels. This provides the means to study alternative physical representations and to analyse the consequences of changes made in the conceptual schema. Submissions that resulted in low F 1 scores tend to have come from approaches that made little use of the Topic Authority's time; submissions that achieved high F 1 scores all made use of at least some of their available time with the Topic Authority. Each region is assigned a degree of coherence that is based on visual properties of the region including fonts  , colors and size. For example  , the article " platform disambiguation " contains 17 meanings of the word " platform " . The signature can be extended using function symbols  , to yield the full power of Prolog specifications. During this evaluation campaign  , we also proposed a domain-specific query expansion. Additionally  , our approach synthesizes grasps  , with no a priori constraints on initial grasps  , as opposed to lo  , in which grasp primitives are learned based on a given set of grasp primitives. In general  , introducing uncertainty into pattern discovery in temporal event sequences will risk for the computational complexity problem. Thus  , there still exists a need for a document-independent source of terms for query expansion. Implementation We have developed a prototype tool for coverage refinement . Table 1provides some statistics of the data. Prior research utilized the integration of IPC code similarity between a query patent and retrieved patents to re-rank the results in the prior art search literature 4 ,5. Since a continuous state s ∈ S specifies the placement of objects  , one can determine whether or not the predicate holds at s. This interpretation of which predicates actually hold at a continuous state provides a mapping from the continuous space to the discrete space  , denoted as a function map S →Q : S → Q. The candidate graph G c is a directed graph containing important associations of variables where the redundancy of associations should be minimized. These internal points are hidden within the polytope P and they do not contribute to manipulability information. We also noticed an interesting observation in query expansion for 2013 topics; results with a low number of expansion tweets were the best  , while increasing the number of expansion tweets resulted in a decrease in P@30 as represented in Figure 2. In our experiments  , we identify that on an average 50% of the protocols detected have size 3 or more precedence length 2 or more which cannot be detected by these approaches scalably. Shannon entropy. This work has demonstrated that incorporating the characteristics of related instances into statistical models improves the accuracy of attribute predictions. First  , we briefly introduce Word2Vec  , a set of models that are used to produce word embeddings  , and Doc2Vec  , a modification of Word2Vec to generate document embeddings  , in Section 4.1. To calculate precision and recall  , we normalize the semantic distance to a scale from 0 to 1. In this study  , we further extend the previous utilizations of query logs to tackle the contextual retrieval problems. Basically  , we assume that disease terms are helpful for query expansion for all kind of query types. The second initialization method gives an adequate and fast initialization for many poses an animal can adopt. We therefore configured the Gigascope to only try the regular expression match for DirectConnect if the fixed offset fields match. Sponsored search is one typical instance of online advertising. Based on the RecipeView prototype system  , we have tested the precision /recall based on our method compared to another graph matching approach MCS. A key feature of both models  , the motion model and the perceptual model  , is the fact that they are differentiable. Each query submitted to a commercial search engine results into two searches. Table 4  , and for project " Ivy v1.4 "   , the top four supervised classifiers experience a downgraded performance when changing from a crossproject setting to a within-project setting. First  , users can calculate the whole Skycube in one concise and semantic-clear query  , instead of issuing 2 d − 1 skyline queries. Befi q captures relevance because it is based on all propositions defining the semantic content of the object o  , that imply the query formula. The effect of the length of these voting patterns and the number of latent variables in view-specific PLSA models are interesting avenues for future research. There appears to be no significant difference among the single imputation techniques at the 1% level of significance. Among the perspective-taking tests are the Perspective-Taking Ability PTA Test  , a computer-based test developed from the work described in 10  , and the Purdue Spatial Visualizations test: Visualization of Views PSVV  , a paper-and pencil test found in 8. We start from a theoretical model based on Game Theory   , which builds on a few assumptions and leads us to our first result  , linking TCT with inclination to risk. We map the human hand motion to control the dexterous robot hand when performing power grasps  , the system adopts the joint space mapping method that motions of human hand joints are directly transferred to the robot hand and the operator can adjust the posture interactively; when performing the precise tasks  , the system adopts the modified fingertip position mapping method. We compare the total space usage with baseline BL and rank mapping RM approaches. Perfect match is not always guaranteed. For GMG  , the plots show the loglikelihoods of models obtained after model size reduction performed using AKM. Our selected encoding of the input query as pairs of wordpositions and their respective cluster id values allows us to employ the random forest architecture over variable length input. On the contrary  , if it is in the expanding stage struggling to earn a place in the market  , the team often passively absorbs emerging ideas from competitors and customers. The results are shown in figure 1and demonstrate that estimated qualities are fairly close to the ground truth data Pearson correlation = .88  , ρ < 10 −15 . PLSA found components with rare and long motifs. Changing to the push model would likely require modifications to the notification mechanism. Figure 6presents a graphical depiction of an Alloy object encoding a synthesized OR mapping solution. Similarly  , the approach presented in 21 assumes that a 1-to-1 mapping is to be discovered. This is also supported by the result that a topic-independent query expansion failed to improve search performances for some of the CSIs. The selectivity of such query is determined by the original selection and the trees produced when matching the pattern tree of the selection to the database. The likelihood function for the t observations is: Let t be the number of capture occasions observations  , N be the true population size  , nj be the number of individuals captured in the j th capture occasion  , Mt+1 be the number of total unique dividuals caught during all occasions  , p be the probability of an individual robot being captured and fj be the number of robots being observed exactly j times j < t. The individual right that the teacher Martin holds  , allowing him to reproduce an excerpt of the musical piece during a lesson  , is derived from the successful matching between the instances describing the intended action and the instances describing the pattern. a new path is added or the environment changes  , the precomputations would need to be re-run. In reality  , though  , it is common that suppliers of BMEcat catalogs export the unit of measurement codes as they are found in their PIM systems. 36 train a support vector machine to extract mathematical expressions and their natural language phrase. 8. This makes the framework appropriate for applications and domains where a number of different functions are being optimized or when optimization is being performed over different constrained regions and the exact query parameters are not known in advance. In the figure  , X , ,  , X   , and D  , denote the In this study  , the position servo controller K ,s is designed by using the loop shaping method9. For instance  , the top 20 retrieved documents have a mean relevance value of 4.2 upon 5  , versus 2.7 in the keyword search. The S-PLSA model can be trained in a batch manner on a collection of reviews  , and then be applied to analyze others. Next  , the Hierarchical search is initiated. Another objective of this research is to discover whether reducing the imbalance in the training data would improve the predictive performance for the 8 modeling methods we have evaluated. Although gathered at an early stage in the evolution of aspect-oriented programming  , these empirical results can help evolve the approach in several ways. Considering SAE with k layers  , the first layer will be the autoencoder  , with the training set as the input. The an* expresses all sequences that have exactly one ui. The CNN structure used in this paper is illustrated in Fig. Graphs and sets can describe the syntax of models and mappings. One problem with using R-square as a measure of goodness of fitting is that it never decreases in that it adds more regressors. Accordingly  , expansion-based technologies are the key points. However  , most query expansion methods only introduce new terms and cannot be directly applied to relation matching. Consequently searches need to be based on similarity or analogy – and not on exact pattern-matching. Specifically  , Topic 1 well corresponds to the information retrieval SIGIR community  , Topic 2 is closely related to the data mining KDD community  , Topic 3 covers the machine learning NIPS community  , and Topic 4 well covers the topic that is unique to the conference of WWW. In above  , K fuzzy evidence structures are used for illustration . For the same workflow size  , GA* 100  , NetGA 100 and NetGA 50 maintain runtime ratios of about 4:2:1 regardless of the number of services per task. Vector construction. Our system enables users to search for proximate terms. Scanning the papers of CLIR Track participants in TREC-9 and TREC-2001  , we observe a trend toward the fusion of multiple resources in an attempt to improve lexical coverage. At the beginning of the interpretation of the given function  , the argument values are assigned with value and reference dependencies of themselves. For these two reasons  , it was decided to explore the concept of robust control using an 'fico controller. We mainly focus on matching similar shapes. Then  , we can summarize the paths from x to z as p 1 ∪ p 2  p 3 . Interestingly  , the example in 27 actually states that 'Lafter destruction  , earlier transfers sales can still be recorded " . For every view v  , the probability that document dv arises from topic z ∈ Z is given by pz|dv  , estimated by PLSA. During the online stage  , the largest category of user elicitation related to search terminology 28% and secondly to search procedures 21%. When a simultaneous pattern of movement is reversed the projected trajectories in the relevant phase planes fold over. Having a mapping of sensor performance across the configuration space has been argued to be beneficial and important. The painting mot ,ion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions following this folding of surfaces 2  , 81. When m is a power of 2  , bitonic sort lends itself to a very straight-forward non-recursive implementation based on the above description. For our sequence of models  , the cross-validated correlation and overall correlation are about the same  , giving us some assurance that the models are not over-fitting. 1 and Eq. Moreover  , MindFinder also enables users to tag during the interactive search  , which makes it possible to bridge the semantic gap. These ellipsoids are the mapping froin unitary balls in t ,he velocity/force joint space to the analogous in the task space. Thus  , the interval estimate ep is given a high confidence level for the running example. The CDC weekly publishes the percentage of the number of physician visits related to influenza-like illness ILI within each major region in the United States. If we assume a too complex model  , where each data point essentially has to be considered on its own  , we run the risk of over fitting the model so that all variables always look highly correlated. Given a descriptor and a distance measure  , users are allowed to search for data objects not only by similarity of the annotation  , but also by similarity of content. An additional probabilistic model is that of Fuhr 4. However  , regular expressions are not very robust with respect to layout variations and structural changes that occur frequently in Web sites. design hierarchical measures using the intent hierarchies to solve the problems mentioned above. We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. Features are computed using standard IR techniques like tokenization  , case folding  , stop-word removal  , stemming and phrase detection. One can  , therefore  , raise the same objection to this assumption on the atomic vectors although it has been demonstrated that atomic vectors are indeed pairwise orthogonal in the strict Boolean retrieval model3 ,4. The use of hidden factors provides the model the ability to accommodate the intricate nature of sentiments  , with each hidden factor focusing on one specific aspect. percolation "  ? In order to achieve local and sequential folding  , we required a way to activate the PSPS with a local stimulus. This has several key advantages: first  , it ensures that PLSA is applicable to any language  , as long as the language can be tokenized. To avoid over-fitting  , we constrain the gis by imposing an L2 penalty term. Thus  , the topics of recent references are likely to be better indicators than the topics of references that were published farther in the past. We develop a query optimization framework to allow an optimizer to choose the optimal query plan based on the incoming query and data characteristics. The Natural Language Systems group at IBM participated in three tracks at TREC-8: ad hoc  , SDR and cross-language. When we take the second derivative and collect terms  , we end up with P u ,v∈E cx − xv + b −2   , which is always positive. In this representation  , the relevance of a tweet to a given query is represented via each topically formed cluster. Finally  , the GETHEURISTIC function is called on every state encountered by the search. The function COMPUTE ENTROPY evaluates the entropy associated with the histogram of the pixels in the node's area. To demonstrate the flexibility and the potential of the LOTUS framework  , we performed retrieval on the query " graph pattern " . If the number of clusters was less than 5  , the remaining documents were picked from the highest ranked outliers. Its design allows for easy integration into the design and fold patterns for more complex machines that may require bi-stable switches  , actuators  , or valves. For example  , if the question category is COUNTRY  , then a regular expression that contains a predefined list of country names is fetched  , and all RegExp rewriting is applied to matches. The instance gets projected as a point in this multi-dimensional space. The schema designer can override the default database transformations by explicitly associating user-defined conversion functions to the class just after its change in the schema. Avatar assistant robot  , which can be controlled remotely by a native teacher  , animates the 3D face model with facial expression and lib-sync for remote user's voice. The unique mapping maps the energies of each DoF V θ ,ψi with the appropriate phases to the force trajectory F p ,x t by neglecting the influence of handle motion ˙ r. The energies V θ ,ψi and phases ϕ θ ,ψi span a transformed state space. In future work  , we will explore how the Word Embedding training parameters affect the coherence evaluation task. Dominance can be useful in specifying whether  , within a category based on user's profile  , the expensive items or the inexpensive items should dominate. However  , some tracking artifacts can be seen in Figure 8due to resolution issues in the likelihood function. NQS was able to correctly fit 919 out of the 1083 OWLS-TC queries along with all their syntactic variation  , giving high VP of 96.43 %. The aforementioned approaches  , either optimizing the similarity distance between pairs of samples or optimizing the likelihood of the topic models  , do not optimize for the final ranking performance directly. We assume the " homogeneous " state space uniformly Ic-bounded with polynomial width of the depth IC and zero-initialized Q-learning with a problem solving task. The motion planning problem can be formulated as a twoperson zero sum game l in which the robot is a player and the obstacles and the other robots are the adversary . This indicates that the coverage of the dictionary is still an important problem to be solved to improve the performance of CLIR. THEOREM 3.2: Let R be a regular expression over alphabet 0. What differentiates MVPP optimization with traditional heuristic query optimization is that in an MVPP several queries can share some After each MVPP is derived  , we have to optimize it by pushing down the select and project operations as far as possible. A maximal box around the nominal p 0 is obtained by increasing . To address the challenges involved in searching for web services  , we built Woogle 1   , a web-service search engine. The objective function in MTL Trace considers the trace-norm of matrix W for regularization. Conventionally CLIR approaches 4 ,7 ,8 ,12 ,21 have focused mainly on incorporating dictionaries and domain-specific bilingual corpora for query translation 6 ,10 ,18. This is effectively an optimization problem  , not unlike the query optimization problem in relational databases. Since the controller gives a new degree of freedom to modify the transfer functions GI and G2 independently  , this is called a two degrees of freedom 2DOF controller. One possible choice  , based on the language model  , is the clarity score7  , but it is more difficult to implement. 19. The expansion terms and the original query terms were re-weighted. Assume that we have a search engine providing a search box with sufficient space  , where the user can enter as a query the title of a course along with the course topics. We can make the following observations. 3 3 is the planestress model with these parameters  , not an arbitrary best fitting curve. These include exact match of the query text and equivalent host types from where the query originated. Since the design and folding steps are automated  , these steps were finished in less than 7 minutes Tab. Exploiting different translation models revealed to be highly effective. Our second contribution is quantifying this temporal intention based on the enhanced model. , by translating the full text. Especially with unpitched sources  , we expect that searching for a melody will be complex  , not simply a matter of literal string matching. Clearly for such a small collection the specific figures are neither reliable nor significant  , reported results should thus be regarded only as indicative. In the final  , a single point pi of the calligraphic character can be represented as a 32 dimensional vector. 11shows the simulation results of the dynamic folding using the robot motion obtained in the inverse problem. The pattern matching for the rules is done by recursive search with optimisations  , such as identifying an optimal ordering for the evaluation of the rules and patterns. Once the list of central actors is generated  , documents of these authors could be displayed and used as starting points for further search activities citation search  , similarity search. The main result is that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropybased LSH methods to achieve various search quality levels and it is more time efficient than the entropy-based LSH method. Section 2 offers a brief introduction to the theory of support vector classification. Considering the Random Forest based approaches we vary the number of trees ranging from 10 to 1000. Section 2 introduces Pearson Rank ρ r   , our novel correlation coefficient  , and shows that it has several desirable properties. In 10 the authors use the Fast Fourier Transform to solve the problem of pattern similarity search. It is generally agreed that the probabilistic approach provides a sound theoretical basis for the development of information retrieval systems. When necessary  , Ontobroker builds the appropriate indices to speed up query evaluation  , and  , when multiple CPUs are available  , it parallelizes the computation . set to determine the correlation and just ignored the training set as there is nothing we need to tune. For each dataset  , the table reports the query time  , the error ratio and the number of hash tables required  , to achieve three different search quality recall values. It may therefore seem more appropriate and direct to use document-document similarity for iterative search. Both methods share the problem of too much generality since the pro- grammer can write anything into the loop or the function body; this severely limits query optimization. 1a  , the autoencoder is trained with native form and its transliterated form together. In particular  , dynamic pruning strategies aim to avoid the scoring of postings for documents that cannot make the top K retrieved set. Note that this type of XPath views can also be considered as a regular value index.   , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. In order to accomplish all four  , we needed a new self-folding method based on activation from a localized and independent stimulus. The product of a search task can be factual or intellectual and the goal of a search task can be either specific or amorphous. However  , the sample size of 25 is close to the lower bound of 30 suggested in texts as " sufficiently large " . As recommended by 6  , we find hyperparameters that maximize the log likelihood of the data. The projection facility is implemented like code folding in modern development environments  , in which bodies of methods or comments can be folded and unfolded on request. As we are interested in analyzing very large corpora and the behavior of the various similarity measures in the limit as the collections being searched grow infinitely large  , we consider the situation in which so many relevant documents are available to a search engine for any given query q that the set of n top-ranked documents Rq are all -indistinguishable. Second  , suboptimal mappings have a larger impact in the two-dimensional space than in the unidimensional one. Given that news is separated into eight topics  , 16 interest profiles exist in a single user model. The RegularizerRole is played by a regularization function used to keep model complexity low and prevent over-fitting. For example  , measurements made by the Polhemus sensor are transmitted as an electromagnetic signal  , and so can have errors introduced by metallic objects or stray magnetic fields existing in the vicinity of the sensor contain error. The force control for the experiments uses an inner velocity loop. One by one  , each protein in the database is retrieved  , its secondary structure is scanned  , and its information is returned if the secondary structure matches the query sequence. In contrast  , implementations on PLSA discuss 50 ,000 by 8 ,000 term-doc matrices  , and execute in about half an hour1. Word embedding techniques seek to embed representations of words. The commonly known Best First Planning 9  will also be adopted to search an optimal path. However  , while the lead time increases  , both the two errors of increase by 5-10 times. Similar to the Mann-Whitney test  , it does not assume normal distributions of the population and works well on samples with unequal sizes. Model-free RL approaches  , such as Q-Learning 6 and policy gradient descent 7  , are capable of improving robot performance without explicitly modeling the world. Table  IncludingPivot and Unpivot explicitly in the query language provides excellent opportunities for query optimization. Existing patterns are rendered inapplicable to matching simply with partial modification of the virus code as seen in numerous variants. As these frequency spectra are not provided in evenly spaced time intervals  , we use Lagrange transformation to obtain timed snapshots. Let the cmt at any node m for hill climbing. If no such context information is at hand  , there is still another option: the search engine may present the results of the best scoring segmentation to the user and offer the second best segmentation in a " Did you mean " manner. In the above definition  , it is equivalent to compute the traditional skyline  , having transformed all points in the new data space where point q is the origin and the absolute distances to q are used as mapping functions. Separate title  , subject  , and author search interfaces or advanced syntax may be provided to limit search to such bibliographic fields  , and is often utilized by the expert user whom desires fine-grained control of their search 2. Flickr provides a search service for tags  , locations and full text. This results in a transfer function which is minimum phase with zeros on the imaginary axis. This work uses fully automatic query expansion. The final model called BWE Skip-gram BWESG then relies on the monolingual variant of the skip-gram model trained on these shuffled pseudo-bilingual documents. In the frequency range where 1 -QZP1  , = 0  , the influence of F ,/A vanishes and the transfer function between P , ,f and s X is described as These approaches M e r from one another only in the level of abstraction. Automatic query expansion AQE occurs when the system selects appropriate terms for use in query expansion and automatically adds these terms to users' queries. The only difference is that one needs to sort the path according to L before inserting it into a new P-tree. For patterns longer than 50 characters  , this version never reported a match. To summarize the results  , the experiments indicated that basically the came cluster results can be achieved by spending only a fhction of time for the training proceua. To effect the pattern matching it.self  , finite automata techniques l such as the UNIX regec package can be used. In the proposed tracker  , search strategy started with a relatively large standard deviation twice as in fine search for the coarse search. That is  , the first X documents are retrieved from the ranked list  , where X is the number which gives the best average effectiveness as measured by the E value. Near-duplicate detection is different from other Information Retrieval IR tasks in how it defines what it means for two documents to be " similar " . The first derivative and second derivative of the log-likelihood function can be derived as it can be computed by any gradient descent method. To identify similarities among the researchers  , we used the cosine similarity  , the Pearson correlation similarity  , and the Euclidean distance similarity. We evaluate the three proposed query translation models on CLIR experiments on TREC Chinese collections. Leading data structures utilized for this purpose are suffix trees 11 and suffix arrays 2. If query expansion is based on the whole query " the White House "   , we will find expansion words such as " Clinton " and " president " . For the third type  , a painted sketch is drawn to represent the shapes of objects in the desired images  , for example  , an online similar image search engine  , similar image search 2   , presents such a technique. To assess the efficiency and effectiveness of our technique  , we employed SEMFIX tool to repair seeded defects as well as real defects in an open source software. MIRACLE exploits some techniques used by the OR- ACLE Server for the query optimization a rule-based approach and an statistical approach. Each NSWDbased similarity measure was tested with three disambiguation strategies: manual M  , count-based C  , or similarity-based S  , using two widely used knowledge graphs: Freebase and DBpedia. With the running time dramatically reduced  , IMRank1 still achieves better influence spread which is about 5.5% and 4.5% higher than that of IRIE and PMIA respectively. Next  , we turn our attention to query optimization. Our major contributions are a new technique referred to as the structural function inlining and a new approach to the problem of typing and optimizing structurally recursive queries. She can ask the librarian's assistance with regards to the terminology and structure of the domain of interest  , or search the catalogue  , then she can browse the shelf that covers the topic of interest and pick the items that are best for the task at hand. , 64 to 85 in figure 1. The default path flags string is " di " . As a consequence  , dynamic folding cannot be realized. Much work has been accomplished in applying information retrieval techniques to the candidate link generation problem. The new CLIR performance in terms of average precision is shown in Table 3. This view is a demonstration of relational search 8  , where the idea is not to search for objects but associative relation chains between objects. For each document identifier passed to the Snippet Engine   , the engine must generate text  , preferably containing query terms  , that attempts to summarize that document. 256 colors in image databases . The latter limits the number of successors for each expanded state to at most K states. We then train a two-class support vector machine with the labelled feature vectors. It utilizes a heuristic to focus the search towards the most promising areas of the search space. From the previous work on active learning 7 18  , measurement of uncertainty has played an important role in selecting the most valuable examples from a pool of unlabeled data. Also the social actions influenced by transitivity  , selection and unknown external effects may overlap. However  , it is worth mentioning that the proposed method is generally applicable to any probabilistic retrieval model. Thus  , their popularity is less influenced by the venues where they publish. In the case where the hub inertia is very large  , it has been shown that this output would result in a minimum phase transfer function 5. Analogous to order optimization we call this grouping optimization and define that the set of interesting groupings for a given query consists of 1. all groupings required by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query 2. all groupings produced by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query. Context patterns are used to impose constraints on the context of an element. This finding was further reinforced in her follow-up study focusing on the differences between automatic query expansion and interactive query expansion 7. This phase is called " search results narrowing " . This situation is very similar to some cases observed in TREC5&6  , where we encountered the terms such as " most-favor nation "  As the problem of translation selection in CLIR is similar to this expansion task  , we can expect a similar effect with the decaying factor. In principle there can be miss/false drop effects on expansion sets. However  , these are not the only concepts learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . Overall  , the models were trained with a combination of different parameter settings: 1 ,5  , 0 ,10 ,100 ,1000  , and with and without the indicator attributes. We used pattern matching to extract and normalize this information. Section 3 describes our keyphrase-based query expansion methods. But they are not consecutive  , and with a second resolution  , the problem disappears. BMEcat. View forests 15 are capable of expressing any query in the XQueryCore that does not refer to element order  , use recursive functions or use is/is not operators. They pose requirements on occurring attributes and their values. However these tools often require sophisticated specification of the split  , ranging from regular expression split delimiters to context free grammars. We use top Web results as background knowledge  , and construct a set of features that encode semantic meaning rather than mere textual similarity measured by the lexical features:  maxMatchScoreq ,t: The maximum similarity score as described in Section 3.1 between q and any advertisement in the corpus with the bid phrase t.  abstractCosineq ,t: The cosine similarity of Q and T   , where Q is the concatenation of the abstracts of the top 40 search results for q  , and T is that of the abstracts of the top 40 search results for t.  taxonomySimilarityq ,t: The similarity of q to t with respect to the abovementioned classification taxonomy. Attributes that range over a broader set of values e.g. In order to translate an extended selection operation u7 ,ee into a regular algebraic expression  , we have to break down the operation into parts  , thereby reducing the complexity of the selection predicate $. Table 7shows 10 most indicative features in the MIX+CKP model according to this measurement. We specify the techniques in a first-order logic framework and illustrate the definitions by a running example throughout the paper: a goal specifies the objective of finding the best restaurant in a city  , and a Web service provides a search facility for the best French restaurant in a city. This example illustrates the applicability of algebraic query optimization to real scientific computations  , and shows that significant performance improvements can result from optimization. The transfer function is assumed as the diagonal matrix  , so that the Phase deg Frequency Hz x-output y-output z-output Figs.5shows the resulted Bode diagram. More than 3800 text documents  , 1200 descriptions of mechanisms and machines  , 540 videos and animations and 180 biographies of people in the domain of mechanism and machine science are available in the DMG- Lib in January 2009 and the collection is still growing. Shannon Entropy is defined as To answer this question  , we calculate the Shannon Entropy of each user from the distribution of categories across their sessions. We are continuing to study alternatives to this basic XPath expression  , such as using regular expressions  , allowing query expansion using synonyms  , and weighting the importance of terms. Then the document scores and their new ranks are transformed using exponential function and logarithmic function respectively. Section 5 outlines the test data. The baseline approach builds a non-clustered index on each selection dimension and the rank mapping approach builds a multi-dimensional index for each ranking fragment. In future we plan to make more comparison of our image representation and other descriptors  , such as SIFT and HOG. This study explores the effects of transitive retrieval and triangulation on no-translation cross-language retrieval. In the CLR  , the privilege-asserting API is Assert. Pictogram in Table 1could be a candidate since it contains both words with a total ratio of 0.1. As fundamental function of GPS receivers  , not only its position measurement data hut also measurement indexes such as DOP Dilution Of Precision  , the number of satellites etc are available from the receiver. Such a foot would in fact be more like the basilisk lizard than the standard flat circle used in the previous water runner studies. In this paper we are in­ terestcd in problems with tree-like linkage structures. These results show that the performance of DD is significantly better than that of other methods under challenging conditions. Imitation of hand trajectories of a skilled agent could be done through a mapping of the proprioceptive and external data. We conducted experiments to compare the performance of Simrank  , evidence-based Simrank and weighted Simrank as techniques for query rewriting. The controller is an 11th order transfer function  , which can not be found by PID control. the above procedure probabilistically converges to the optimal value function 16. Unlike what we did for thresholded and thresholded condensed  , for the simple and condensed variants we only use the test Figure 5: Pearson correlation between uUBM in di↵erent variants and interleaving signal . We map the user collaborative policy specification to an auction based on the Clarke-Tax 7  , 8 mechanism which selects the privacy policy that will maximize the social utility by encouraging truthfulness among the co-owners. Let us now consider how to implement the LSH Forest as a diskbased index for large data sets. We start with the performance of LapPLSA using single resources. We determine which of the two components obtains greater improvement if incorporated  , search for the best parameter for this component  , fix it  , and then search for the best parameter for the other component. The CLIR experiments reported in this section were performed using the TREC 2002 CLIR track collection  , which contains 383 ,872 articles from the Agence France Press AFP Arabic newswire  , 50 topic descriptions written in English  , and associated relevance judgments 12. The advantage of the proposed technique is that the controller dynamics are not computed in terms of the system parameters as is the case with self-tuning regulators . , A higher likelihood of generating the dataset from the model implies a lower amount of privacy. In this approach  , documents or tweets are scored by the likelihood the query was generated by the document's model. We employ Random Forest classifier in Weka toolkit 2 with default parameter settings. Despite the exponential growth of Web content  , we believe the relevance of content returned by search engines will improve as query options will become more flexible. mi. where F is a given likelihood function parameterized by θ. Various solutions are available for learning models from incomplete data  , such as imputation methods 4. For each interface modeled we created a storyboard that contained the frames  , widgets  , and transitions required to do all the tasks  , and then demonstrated the tasks on the storyboard. Due to the availability of the language resources needed for Arabic dictionary and parallel corpora aligned at sentence level 1  English was selected as test languages. The returned set was therefore compared to their query in that light  , their semantic relevance. To obtain these values  , we apply a procedure for identifying the threshold values that lead to the highest classification accuracy from a particular training set. , 10. Any regular expression is allowed; this can be simply a comma or slash for a split pattern or more complex expressions for a match pattern. For RL3 anchor log was used to reform current query  , search it in indri  , then calculate the similarity between current query and documents. As a result  , XQuery can then be used to access the data structure part of the RDF document  , while using entailment to access its semantics. Consequently   , when faced incomplete databases  , current mediators only provide the certain answers thereby sacrificing recall. In a case where we want half of the participants to be male and half female  , we can adjust weights of the objective optimization function to increase the likelihood that future trial candidates will match the currently underrepresented gender. The role of B-Recogniser can be realised by both domain-tailored  , and domaintrained services. Although our technique is designed with a focus on document-todocument similarity queries  , the techniques are also applicable to the short queries of search engines. However  , by construction  , these configurations are contained in the same connected component and can be joined by a transfer path. For the image dataset  , the Table 2: Search performance comparison of different LSH methods: multi-probe LSH is most efficient in terms of space usage and time while achieving the same recall score as other LSH methods.  query broadening: are measures of a term's discriminative power of use when broadening the search query ? Although the two search sites were different  , the returned search results were very similar due to the nature of queries used see Procedure. The approach is evaluated on four open source applica- tions: Neuroph  , WURFL  , Joda-Time  , and Json-lib. In this article  , we presented a novel method for automatic query expansion based on query logs. However  , this kind of division cannot capture the interrelation between topic and sentiment  , given a document is still modeled as an unordered bag of words; and TSM also suffers from the same problems as in pLSA  , e.g. Time-dependent synonyms will be used for a temporal search  , or a search taking into account a temporal dimension  , i.e. There exist two large classes of the SBD systems: rule based and machine learning. This fitting method makes the edge of the model more smooth and more approximate to that of the part than the zero-order-hold  , and makes using thicker material possible. We use it as a baseline to compare the usefulness of the pre-search context and user search history. This creates a noisy behavioral signal  , and importantly  , a challenge for analyzing search behavior  , especially long-term behavior that has utility in many applications  , such as search personalization 37. Assuming that an appropriate ordering exists  , sort-based bulk loading is not limited to one-dimensional index structures  , but can also be applied to OP-trees  , since OP-trees support insertions of entire trees. I Figurestead  , it is the surface of a cylinder Figure 5 . The techniques proposed in this work fall into two categories. Our second major enhancement to traditional parallel coordinates visualization allows the user to query shapes based on approximate pattern matching. The specification consists of two parts: specification of variables and functions. A common problem with past research on MT-based CLIR is that a direct comparison of retrieval results with other approaches is difficult because the lexical resources inside most commercial MT systems cannot be directly accessed. Another very promising work is 15 which uses a self-organizing feature map SOFM 12 in order to generate a map of documents where documents dealing with similar topics are located near each other. After explicit feature mapping 18  , the cosine similarity is used as the relevance score. While some attributes may be shared across different objects and placing areas  , there are some attributes that are specific to the particular setting. Thus  , selective expansion may actually do better than the reported performance from the simulations. b Self-Organizing Map computed for trajectory-oriented data 20. Given an unlabeled image  , the goal of zero-shot image tagging is to automatically tag the image with labels that have no training examples available. View maintenance will be done differently after an update in region Rl than after updates in regions R2 or R3 respectively. This is because that using the LSH-based method for similarity searching greatly reduced the time of  was about 0.004 second in our experiment  , which is very time-consuming in Yu's because it calculate the skeleton similarity between the input calligraphic character and all the candidates in the huge CCD. Details on how the similarity function is actually calculated for the relevant documents may be found in  111. Note  , that this phrase also includes function words  , etc. Documents of a comparable collection may be aligned at the document  , sentence or even word level. Finally  , we aim to show the utility of combining query removal and query expansion for IR. In RuralCafe  , we explicitly avoid the problem of automated query expansion. Moreover  , the selective query expansion mechanism increases the early precision performance of the system. Figure 11shows all 120 points in the topic 59 configuration. In a next step  , c has to be instantiated by a matching class  , in the case of using DBpedia onto:Film  , and p has to be instantiated with a matching property  , in this case onto:producer. We used the English document collection from the NTCIR- 4 1 CLIR task and the associated 50 Chinese training topics. In this experiment  , we will only keep the good expansion terms for each query. Wavelet packets allow one to find the best minimum tree for reconstruction with respect to a certain measure. As defined by prior research  , selective search has several non-deterministic steps. In S-PLSA  , appraisal words are exploited to compose the feature vectors for blogs  , which are then used to infer the hidden sentiment factors. The semantic gap between two views of Wiki is quite large. between the power of a matrix and its spectral information e.g. A more involved approach to redundant actuation is the introduction of entirely new actuators to the mechanism. With an in-depth study to analyze the impacts of saliency features in search environment  , we demonstrate visual saliency features have a significant improvement on the performance of examination prediction. Thus the use of external resources might be necessary for robust query expansion. A variety of research has also examined the multilingual mapping of different knowledge organization systems such as thesauri or subject headings in order to support CLIR in multilingual library collections. These fields were identified using regular expression and separated using end of the section patterns. The cost of evaluating inner query block can vary significantly depending on the parameter sort order guaranteed by the outer query block. The main difficulties for CLIR are the disambiguation of the query term in the source and target language and the identification of the query language. In the latter case  , 10 becomes a scalar quantity and the stability can be studied using conventional methods. Among the more important concepts in systems  , languages  , and programming methodology during the last several years are those of data type Hoare 72  , clean control structure Dijkstra 72  , Hoare 74  , and capability-based addressing Fabry 74. We are however confident that participants receive valuable results from their evaluation through the CLIR track. A large number of languages  , including Arabic  , Russian  , and most of the South and South East Asian languages  , are written using indigenous scripts. The expansion and contraction of these arms provide the modules with their only form of motion. have been generated based on keyword and document semantic proximities 7. The RBMs are stacked on top of each other to constitute a deep architecture. In particular  , a definite effect was observed for RTs typically less than for hierarchical traversal. A similarity-based query is forwarded  , where the user presents an exemplar image instance  , but only incompletely specifies the feature attributes that are important for conducting the search. In such situations  , the cost to the destination can be computed without using equation 3 and the recursive computation terminates. Shown is also the error plot illustrating the deviation e Ajx   , Ajx for all possible x. Since difficult queries mislead the scoring function of the search engine to associate high scores to irrelevant documents  , our computation of relevance probability is also faulty in this case. Note that tuple substitution corresponds to the nested iteration method of join implementation BLAS77. However  , some studies suggest that different methods for measuring the similarity between short segments of text i.e search queries and tags 9  , 12. These are compared to Ouδ for the vector space method. currently ilnplemented  , this could be optimized by COIIIbining the final merge with the separate merges inside the two calls to sort-when. We report the logarithm of the likelihood function  , averaged over all observations in the test set. In this section we address RQ3: How can we model the effect of explanations on likelihood ratings ? In the first attempt  , we defined three different detection methods: maximum entropy  , regular expression  , and closed world list. The latter type of search is typically too coarse for our needs. An empirical study by Kristensen 26 compared single-step automatic query expansion of synonym  , narrower-term  , related term  , combined union expansion and no expansion of thesaurus relationships. Based on search  , target  , and context concept similarity queries may look like the following ones: The selection of a context concept does not only determine which concepts are compared   , it also affects the measured similarity see section 3.4. Due to the limited length of this paper   , we refer readers to the project landing page hosting the open source code repository 8   , where they can find a detailed overview of all the features of the converter  , including a comprehensive user's guide. In many cases this range is sufficient. To find a near-optimal solution  , we employed the simulated annealing method which has been shown effective for solving combinatorial optimization problems. The manipulability polytope is also more practical when the maximum velocity and/or torque of each joint is given. Various publications have investigated different methods of system combination for CLIR  , including logical operations on retrieved sets 3   , voting procedures based on retrieval scores 1  , or machine learning techniques that learn combination weights directly from relevance rankings 14. There are also approaches that cluster search results 1 which can help users dive into a topic. The main contribution of this paper is in laying the foundations for a semantic search engine over XML documents. Pipelined join execution is a Pipelining optimization. GA is a robust search method requiring little information to search in a large search space. Related problems have been considered in dynamic or differential game theory  , graph theory  , and computational geometry. The capacitive contact sensor successfully detected the touch of a human finger and demonstrates the potential to measure applied force. Thus  , for a given task-space trajectory  , there will be an infinite number of possible joint-space trajectories for both the thumb and the ATX. A hash index on Pub1isher.paddre.w can be exploited by an index semijoin in the bypass plan as well as in the DNF-based plan  , but not in the CNF-based plan. Digital items of this type represent cohesive semantic units that may be substantial in size  , requiring extensive effort to assess for relevance. Images of the candidate pictograms that contain query as interpretation word are listed at the bottom five rows of Table 4. For example  , configurations in which the flaps of the box fold over other flaps. 2 that soft matching patterns outperform manually constructed hard matching patterns in both manual and automatic evaluations. The main motivations for using word2vec for our automatic evaluation were twofold: 1 Verifying whether two texts convey the same meaning is a sub-problem to Question-Answering itself. Moreover   , the advantage of using this software and pattern is to eliminate human-introduced errors in the selection and matching of points. As a result  , many runtime checks are avoided. The heating effect  , called the heat content is defined as: Besides the random projections of generating binary code methods  , several machine learning methods are developed recently. If it has a function then it should fulfill it the best way possible and I do not think that humanlike appearance is feasible for all aims. " In case the user is searching for a particular place  , a tab for federated text search with autocompletion b is also provided. A particular case of query expansion is when search terms are named entities i.e. Four popular visual descriptors  , tiny image  , color histogram  , GIST 6  , and CEDD 7  , and topic representation of user annotations 8 are extracted to represent the images in compact feature space. We assign scores to each entity extracted  , and rank entities according to their scores. Based on the model  , a semantic search service is implemented and evaluated. The user interface of the application simply consists of a text box and a keyword search can be performed pressing the " Search " button. Note that a function T with the threshold property does not necessarily provide an ordering of pages based on their likelihood of being good. First  , we sort the candidate nodes by their positions in the depth first search of the DOM tree. For demonstration purposes here  , a method of smoothing only line segments within a laser scan  , while leaving alI other parts of the scan in tact can successfully meet our requirements to segment laser data and extract lines. For this reason  , the detection of these variations is key to design an effective job categorization strategy that reflects the underlying data more closely. A crucial issue is naturally the sensor overlapping configuration. In addition  , MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 11  , item taxonomy 9 and attributes 1  , social relations 8  , and 3-way interactions 21. Also  , the content equivalence condition appears to be too strong as it fails to merge nonterminals whose right parts are instances of one regular expression. The sharp pixel proportion is the fraction of all pixels that are sharp. To alleviate this problem  , we propose a second mapping which transforms the 3D C-space into a discontinuous 2D space of " sliced " C-space obstacles. 6 Combined Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: re-rank retrieved questions by combined query likelihood model system 2 using submodular function. The multilingual information retrieval problem we tackle is therefore a generalization of CLIR. Computing DO and HSA on the PLTM model we achieve a relative speed improvement of 5.12 times over MAP. As shown in Fig.3  , the inputs to the neuron pass through weight connections representing the synaptic strengths of the interconnections. For example  , the image in Figure 1b of a three-page fold-out exhibits distortion from both folding and binder curl. They concluded that even if the translation ambiguity were solved correctly  , only limited improvement can be obtained. For now  , for the problem at hand  , we will illustrate how with CSN we can direct the ACM Digital Library to recognize the two separate occurrences of Rüger's as one with the Firstname action. We utilize a basic likelihood function  , pzt | g −1 i yit  , that returns the similarity RA  , B of a particle's  sized silhouette with the observed silhouette image. Moreover  , many data sources do not support sorting operation  , which only accept queries with the input of a target relation and a selection predicate  , although the query form does not always follow the SQL syntax. There was a slight topic effect: for two topics both median and mode scores were 51-60%  , for one topic the median and mode was 61-70% and for another topic the median score was 41-50% with multiple modes of 31-40%  , 41- 50% and 51-60%. The last one was the model that best fitted D δ   , and its parameters are presented in Table 2  , along with the goodness of fitting measure Adjusted-R 2 . In this paper  , we explore several methods to improve query translation for English-Chinese CLIR. Bubble sort is a classical programming problem. This goal is achieved with the use of Wikipedia. As shown in the figure  , our approach achieved high fitting accuracy. A framework for tackling this problem based on Genetic Programming has been proposed and tested. The indexed translations are part of the corpus distribution. The basic text substrings  , such as the target or named entities  , are recognized using regular expressions and replaced with an angle-bracket-delimited expression. We used the Pearson product-moment correlation since the expert averages represent interval data  , ranging from 1 to 7. Other strategies for setting mean value and variance can also be adopted in our approach. The aim of this work is to provide developers and end users with a semantic search engine for open source software. While 10 uses a feature space grid to assist in the search for maxima  , 4 parses the table of data points for each hill climbing step. Thus  , y kj = 1 implies user k converted on campaign j while y kj = 0 means she did not. , April 21–25  , 2008ACM 978-1-60558-085-2/08/04. The outliers tend to be inputs in which the user has specified an action in an exceptionally redundant manner. Moreover  , we think that the fact that companies such as Microsoft and Oracle have recently added data mining extensions to their relational database management systems underscores their importance  , and calls for a similar solution for RDF stores and SPARQL respectively. A first-order database is a function-free first-order theory in which the extensional database EDB  , corresponding to the data in relations  , is a set of ground having no variables positive unit clauses. Also  , as a result of the rich support on the Search Friend II interface  , these higher-level search activities were also exhibited on the known-item search tasks. For the table in Figure 3  , one might imagine that IP Address was used as a predictor for Client ID to some benefit because each user had a preferential computer   , shown below. We selected ten questions from WebQuestions and QALD and asked five graduate students to construct queries of the ten questions on both DBpedia and YAGO. The previous two subsections introduced sources of evidence that might help cross-temporal IR. For this purpose  , first  , a transfer function maps from possible voxel values to RGBA space  , defined by colors and opacity red  , green  , blue  , alpha. Similarity indexing has uses in many web applications such as search engines or in providing close matches for user queries. In multimedia applications  , hashing techniques have been widely used for large-scale similarity search  , such as locality sensitive hashing 4  , iterative quantization 5 and spectral hashing 8. If the impact is less significant  , then the difference between the original and re-test result may be not so noticeable  , as shown in the Page Blocks dataset. Finally  , we computed the Pearson correlation of the learned λ l 's values averaged over the train folds and cluster sizes between experimental settings. Of particular interest are open questions related to the introduction of police-based data placement in an information integration system. That is  , in 28  , a single persistence probability p is shared by results at all ranks; and the probability that a user examines the result at rank r is p r−1 . As described previously  , elementary changes may cause new changes to be introduced by the evolution strategy in order to keep the ontology consistent – such dependencies may be represented using the CAUSECHANGE property . Information retrieval in biomedical and chemistry domains is challenging due to the presence of diverse denominations of concepts in the literature. The similarity between the user profile vector and page category vector is then used to re-rank search results: As regards the learning component  , the extensive studies have been made. Many command arguments are names of files. Gradually we started using the DBMS in more advanced ways. Lots can be explored using me&data such as concept hierarchies  and discovered knowledge. It performs a best-first search of a graph of possible foot placements to explore sequences of trajectories. T o obtain a successor node during hill climbing mode  , the following steps are taken. Results are presented and discussed in Section 4. Telang et al. Using this AXdiand the transfer function matrix Gi which we design in previous section  , the i-th follower can estimate the desired trajectory of the i-th virtual leader. The temporal query-expansion approach UNCTQE was the best performing across all metrics. To reduce the number of candidate plans we can adopt a heuristic of considering only the physical operators that requires the strongest parameter sort order less than the guaranteed sort order. A number of studies have indicated the potential usefulness of alternative search strategies. To verify the robustness of our approach to modeling inaccuracy and parameter perturbation  , simulations under four different situations have been carried out: a changc in2 to 1.5m2 ; b change m2 to 2m2 ; c change in2 to 1.5m2   , and add friction torques FICI  , d=20&  , F2q  , 4=20Ci2  , F3q9 4=20&; d changed m2 to 2m2   , with the same friction torques as c. The BIRS interface to the logical level consists of a set of binary predicates  , each applying a specific vague predicate to a specific attribute of document nodes e.g. It takes the agent many steps to find a good path  , especially in the initial trials. Although printable sensors may lack the robust structural strength and reliability of other sensors  , they have many potential applications such as low-cost rapid prototyping and manufacturing of customized designs in residential homes. To assure stability  , the stabilizing compensator must be chosen in such a way that: Here  , Gz is the closed-loop transfer function of the servo  , C  z  is the stabilizing compensator and M is the repetitive controller's delay. We pursue an approach that is based on a modulative relevance model SemRank  , that can easily using a sliding bar be modulated or adjusted via the query interface. The physical schema describes the mapping of data to the memory stora e space managed by the operating system The hlg 3 level schema is a description of an application data view and it describes the next local conceptual schema in detail. This form of Q-learning can also be used  , as postulated by Learning scheme. Advanced Similarity Search. For check-in behavior  , the time-ordered check-in history of an individual corresponds to her action sequence in our general model. Our newly proposed similarity measurement features graph structure well  , and can be combined with frequent subgraph mining to handle graph-based similarity search. The search latency was controlled by using a clientside script that adjusted search latency by a desired amount of delay. The whole collection can now be viewed as a set of x  , y pairs  , which can be viewed as samples from a probabilistic model. Most of the existing retrieval models assume a " bag-of-words " representation of both documents and queries. to analyze search performance. : Many of these identities enable optimization via query rewriting. Top-k queries also as known as ranking queries have been heavily employed in many applications  , such as searching web databases  , similarity search  , recommendation systems   , etc. We hypothesise that if query expansion using the local collection i.e. Two important types of patterns are the value change pattern and the failure pattern. It does not require to know the transition probabilities P . Finally  , Figure 4shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity at all ranks. The keys for base relations Supplier and Customer s suppkey and c custkey respectively propagate through their associated Sort nodes  , as do the functional dependencies implied by these keys. Safe Browsing and Search Quality each detect and flag hijacked websites . Although different resources or techniques are used  , all these methods try to generate the best target queries. After the search button is clicked  , search results are displayed in the results panel in a ranked list according to relevance. Despite the success  , most existing KLSH techniques only adopt a single kernel function. The forest cover data contains columns with measurements of various terrain attributes  , which are fairly random within a range. According to the traditional content based similarity measurement  , " Job Search " and " Human Rescues " are not similar at all. Furthermore  , they normalize each single search result in isolation  , and do not even take into account if the result is good or bad in comparison to other results from the same engine  , whereby the best result of a very bad run may be assigned a similar normalized score as the best result of a very good one. Table I also presents some key configurations of the autoencoder . " We further propose a method to optimize such a problem formulation within the standard stochastic gradient descent optimization framework. The path expressions can be formed with the use of property names  , their inverses  , classes of properties  , and the usual collection of regular expression operators. One of them indexes the text to answer text pattern-matching queries this indexing is performed by the text engine. The two are related quantities with different focuses. If a PN is a valid model of an FMS  , the scheduling problem may be translated into a search problem of finding a desired path with the lowest cost makespan in a graph structure that is the PN reachability tree Murata 1989. ln the experiments reported in this paper we have also incremented document scores by some factor but the differences between our experiment and Croft's work are the methods used for identifying dependencies from queries  , and the fact that syntactic information from document texts sentence a.nd phrase boundaries is used in our work. In this year's task  , we made a thorough modification to our classification system: a new type of feature  , which can contain more semantic information  , is proposed  , and to generate this feature  , a new recursive incremental machine learning method is employed. We also show that for the same query of similarity name search or substring name search  , the search result using segmentation-based index pruning has a strong correlation with the result before index pruning. hill there may exist a better solution. The Image Space is a three dimensional projective space with four homogeneous coordinates . This is identical to Backward search except that it uses only one merged backward iterator  , just like Bidirectional search. In Bau99  , the procedure for estimating the addends in equation 2 is exemplarily shown for the mentioned BIR as well as the retrieval-with-probabilistic-indexing RPI model Fuh92. On the other hand  , the green curve quasi-steady model is symmetric with respect to its local maxima so the quasi-steady model does not distinguish between the stroke acceleration phase and the stroke deceleration phase. We also do not differentiate between queries although the success of query expansion can vary greatly across queries. The likelihood function for the t observations is: A critical aspect with query expansion is that  , as more terms are added into the query  , the query traffic  , i.e. This makes it very difficult for GA to identify the correct mapping for an item. The way this information can be used is best described using the probabilistic model of retrieval  , although the same information has been used effectively in systems based on the vector space model Salton and McGill  , 1983; Salton  , 1986; Fagan  , 1987  , 1981  , 1983. The result of our study suggests that the two major research issues in CLIR  , namely  , term ambiguity and phrase recognition and translation 3  , 4  , 10  , are also the main sources of problem in dictionary-based query translation techniques. Each subtask consists of a frequent itemset and a combine set  , and the associated search space is traversed in depth-first order using a back-tracking search. We started by measuring Lucene's out of the box search quality for TREC data and found that it is significantly inferior to other search engines that participate in TREC  , and in particular comparing to our search engine Juru. As shown in Table 2  , on average  , we did not find significant change of nDCG@10 on users' reformulated queries  , although the sets of results retrieved did change a lot  , with relatively low Jaccard similarity with the results of the previous queries. Merely hiding a user's identity is not enough  , but we need to hide a user's true search intent to ensure privacy. We weight query terms at a ratio of 25:1 relative to the expansion terms. Tweets relevant to the event e are then ranked in ascending order with lower perplexity being more relevant to event e. Using the perplexity score instead of keyword search from each topic allows us to differentiate between the importance of different words using the inferred probabilities. This is a typical decoding task  , and the Viterbi decoding technique can be used. To quantify the correlation with established query level metrics  , we computed the Pearson correlation coefficient between DSAT correlation and: i average clickthrough rate  , ii average NDCG@1  , and iii average NDCG@3. Figure 1shows how the multi-probe LSH method works. On Persons 1  , all three systems performed equally well  , achieving nearly 100 % F-Measure. Specially  , the attribute relevance vector of a data field D is computed by averaging over its member text nodes  , as Figure 6shows the web page screenshots of – i question deleted by moderator left and ii question deleted by author right. In its most abstract form  , the forward kinematics of a serial-link manipulator can be regarded as a mapping from joint space to operational space. However  , we decided to build a new overall optimization framework for a number of reasons: Previous work has considered the optimization of single path expressions e.g. In addition   , system supports patterns combining exact matching of some of their parts and approximate matching of other parts  , unbounded number of wild cards  , arbitrary regular expressions  , and combinations  , exactly or allowing errors. Note that although the current version of NL-Graphs has been tested with DBpedia  , it can be easily configured to query other datasets. In other words  , the learning trajectories significantly differ among the three initial conditions  , thus supporting Hypothesis 5. This type of optimization does not require a strong DataGuide and was in fact suggested by NUWC97. To eliminate outliers and potential noise  , we only consider ages for which we have at least 100 observations. We compared SPARQL2NL with SPARTIQULATION on a random sample of 20 queries retrieved from the QALD-2 benchmark within a blind survey: We asked two SPARQL experts to evaluate the adequacy and fluency of the verbalizations achieved by the two approaches. The parameters were fixed for all the evaluation conditions at: b=0.86; and K=1.2 for the baseline run without query expansion  , and K=1.1 with query expansion. However  , finding the central permutation σ that maximizes the likelihood is typically very difficult and in many cases is intractable 21. σ  , the partition function Zφ  , σ can be found exactly. In the PQEP shown in Figure 2c   , the largest block is formed by the sort  , projection proj  , group  , and hash-join hj ,i , operators having a DOP of 5. In addition to our theoretical work  , we also assess the performance of the formal soft matching models by empirical evaluation. We extracted 128 and 101 query reformulation pairs from the search session logs of the 2011 and 2012 datasets excluding the current query of each session  , respectively. After some algebra  , we find that the negative logarithm of posterior distribution corresponds to the following expression up to a constant term: Therefore  , in this paper we developed the following alternative method for estimating parameters µ and Σ for model 1 by following the ideas from 12 and taking into account our likelihood function 1. The latter strengthen also our intuition  , that TL-PLSA can learn the shared and unshared classes between domains  , when few documents per class exist  , given a large number of classes as in the SYNC3 and LSHTC datasets. aspects. The transfer function with impedance casuality: importance of admittance causality is clear when considering virtual environments such as rigid body simulations . A RECURSIVE or VIRTUAL-RECURSIVE member function attribute A requires very limited retesting since it was previously individually tested in P and the specification and implementation remain unchanged. The approach is based on applying the Cross Entropy optimization method 13 upon permutations of the list. To overcome this shortcoming  , we propose to use a multi-stage model. Second  , Simulated Annealing SA starts at a random state and proceeds by random moves  , which if uphill  , are only accepted with certain probability. This also implies that for a QTree this optimization can be used only once. Because calculation of the viscosity and other behaviors of ER fluid would be too complicated  , a velocity response model has been determined experimentally. Since our task is classification  , we optimize for the deviance loss function 9. where a is a learning factor  , P is a discounted factor  ,  teed to obtain an optimal policy  , Q-learning needs numerous trials to learn it and is known as slow learning rate for obtaining Q-values. Using a single iterator reduces the cost of search significantly. These solutions  , and others  , such as considering CLIR as spell- correction 2  , will all work reasonably well if the two languages in question are linguistically historically related and possess many cognates. This implies users would prefer them  , but the technique is rarely deployed in actual IR systems. Worse  , some JS variables might not have declared types O5. In the study  , we examine the CLIR approach that learns a statistical translation model from an automatically generated parallel corpus by an online translation system. The entropy-based LSH method generates randomly perturbed objects and use LSH functions to hash them to buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method uses a carefully derived probing sequence based on the hash values of the query object. Unlike the RNN configuration  , which propagates the information from the vector state sr to the vector state sr+1 directly  , the LSTM configuration propagates it through the LSTM block  , which  , as said  , helps to mitigate the vanishing and exploding gradient problem. Figure 8is a block diagram of the direct controller when it is applied to an n=2  , m=l  , d=l plant. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. 2 Billerbeck  , B. and J. Zobel 2004. If there is a string of points connecting two clusters  , DBSCAN will merge the clusters. These metrics use Word Embedding models newly trained using the separate Twitter background dataset  , but making use of the word2vec 5 tool. It is consistent with both this tradition and with the Suits gaming definition to identify these states with the general class  , state of affairs  , or with the narrower subclass of physical object configurations in space. The controlled system's transfer function under perturbation becomes: The plant transfer function P z is . In this paper  , an improved circuit structure corresponds to the complex regular expressions pattern matching is achieved. Once that is determined  , they need to strategize in the auction that takes place for each of the queries in S. A lot of research has focused on the game theory and optimization behind these auctions  , both from the search engine 1  , 16  , 6  , 2  , 10  , 4 and advertiser 3  , 8  , 5  , 11 points of view. Mid-query re-optimization  , progressive optimization  , and proactive re-optimization instead initially optimize the entire plan; they monitor the intermediate result sizes during query execution  , and re-optimize only if results diverge from the original estimates. Next the encoders were reset  , so the robot viewed the new location as the origin  , and a second evidence grid was built. Phrase recognition and expansion are applied to the most likely syntactic parse obtained for a user query according to the PCFG estimated from the query log. Informal tests " viewing the interaction with a CLIR system available on the Web ARCTOS and machine-translated web pages Google. The resulting frequency spectra are plotted for pitch and roll in Fig. The initial thresholds are set to a large multiple of the probability of selecting the query from a random document. When one uses the query term selection optimization  , the character-based signature file generates another problem. Any query-dependent feature or combination of thereof can be used for query binning. We looked at how the elapsed time between equal-query queries affected the likelihood of observing a repeat click. Therefore sparse FA can be often used on larger datasets than is practical with those methods. Their research also supports the findings of Hull and Grefenstette 14 that phrase translations are important for CLIR. However  , since the thumb and the ATX are coupled by the position constraints at the attachment points  , a unique mapping can be achieved between the degrees of freedom of the thumb and the ATX leading to the redundancy of the coupled system the same as that of the thumb alone. Some of these topics were very short and contained very few technical  , specific medical nouns. , precision and purity. Figure 3shows the scalability of All-Significant-Pairs and LiveSet-Driven with respect to various gradient thresholds . We showed that by using a generic approach to generate SPARQL queries out of predicate-argument structures  , HAWK is able to achieve up to 0.68 F-measure on the QALD-4 benchmark. An extended context-free grammar d is a set of rules that map each m ∈ M to a regular expression over M . Major approaches for CLIR include bilingual dictionaries 3  , 7  , 141  , parallel collections 4  , 7  , 10  , 61 and comparable collections 26 or some combination of these. We prepare the training data and devise a classifier using a support vector machine based on features such as keywords in a tweet  , the number of words  , and the context of target-event words. While other ontology-based IR approaches typically builds only on terminological knowledge e.g. At this point the start position information is used to determine whether the segments occur in the correct order within the protein and if the proper gap constraints between them are met. The method of simulated annealing provides suck a technique of avoiding local minima. Note that even our recipes that do not exploit this optimization outperform the optimized VTK program and the optimized SQL query. K plsa +U corresponds to the results obtained when an additional 10 ,000 unlabeled abstracts from the MGD database were used to learn the pLSA model semi-supervised learning. As a follow-on to this work  , Lacerda et al. While this heuristic captures some information about obstacles in the environment  , it does not account for the orientation of the robot. Changes on a topic's representation involve the introduction of event-dependent features  , which bring along ambiguous semantic relevance to the topic. Obviously  , the larger void pad is  , the more chance to include noise data into a cluster  , which can cause chain affection   , and hence lower quality of density. Therefore  , we can conclude that 2500 examples are sufficient to leverage the proposed semantic similarity measure. fractional values for the dimensionality  , which are called fractal dimensions. Section 3.3 describes this optimization. Participants were also told that HERB's head would move and that HERB may provide suggestions about how to sort the blocks  , but that the final sorting method was up to them. For instance  , a search engine needs to crawl and index billions of web-pages. c = 15.34 for short queries and c = 2.16 for long queries. Typically sponsored search results resemble search result snippets in that they have a title  , and a small amount of additional text  , as in Figure 1. This could bc used cvcn with other join methods like nestedloop and sort-merge. When the sequence length t is large  , the huge number of classes makes the multi-class Support Vector Machine infeasible. Instead of decomposing X into A and S  , PLSA gives the probabilities of motifs in latent components. Second point is the handling of the penalty. When defining a resolution strategy  , one therefore has to make sure that the application of the resolution strategy terminates  , either by prohibiting that a resolution function introduces inconsistencies with respect to any defined consistency condition  , or by other means  , such as cycle detection. In addition  , we plan to apply the EM method and PLSA model to promoting diversity on Genomics research. We induced a bilingual lexicon from the translated corpus by treating the translated corpus as a pseudo-parallel corpus. We identify this noise elements by high frequency and low-power spectrum in the frequenc domain transformed by the fast Fourier transform YFFT. Realizing this  , we use tree-based representation as motion knowledge and construct the system using tree-based representation. Variation of iterations The impact of a duplication of the number of performed iterations is relatively small and very much depends on the type of investigated graph G. Further information is given in the appendix. As such they had to construct a strong notion of the form and content of a relevant image  , which one might call their semantic relevance. Query expansion is applied for all the runs. To determine whether periodicity changed as the onset approached  , we computed the Pearson correlation coefficient   between the time between the clusters and the time from the onset. Thus  , the matrix ξ ij   , which is defined as a covariance transfer function  , is computed once using a simulation of the control law π ij . To achieve consistent improvement in all queries we worked in a selective query expansion framework. Two methods are also given for detecting the data flow anomalies without directly computing the regular expression for the paths. The dropout layer  , Dropout8  , has a dropout probability of 0.5. Therefore we propose to optimize the calculation based on the structural relevance of the axioms and properties of the defined inconsistency measure. The CLEF evaluation campaigns are  , probably  , the largest and most comprehensive research initiative for CLIR; but they are far from being complete. If λ approaches to 1  , we rely heavily on the training data. For different parameters  , it calculates the maximum probability that a parameterized model generates the data exactly matching the original  , and chooses the parameters that maximizes such probability. A distributed e-library is perhaps best explained as a huge  , global database  , where search engines or directory services act as the indexes to information see  , Figure 11. Cooper's paper on modeling assumptions for the classical probabilistic retrieval model 2. This way  , the likelihood of a collision occurring due to on-line trajectory corrections is minimal and the resulting inequality constraints may well be handled in a sufficient computational run time a collision detection function call was measured to last 8e10 −7 seconds. Blank nodes have to be associated with values during pattern matching similiar to variables. Changing the position of this scrollbar moves the view of the search results shown within the two frames in unison. The third column lists some example regular expressions or gazetteer entries as the case may be. Consider  , for example  , the function  , f  , given in Figure 1. In contrast to the planar push function  , the three-dimensional push function is not a monotonic transfer function. In our system  , we use a standard Jaccard-based hashing method to find similar news articles. DBSCAN parameters were set to match the expected point density of the bucket surface. where µ is a discount factor that defines how trustworthy the new observations are. 14. Like ML  , it has important features such as pattern matching and higher-order functions  , while allowing the use of updatable references. To our best knowledge  , this work is the first systematic study for BT on real world ads click-through log in academia. Query expansion is a commonly used technique in search engines  , where the user input is usually vague. Given this disparity in run-times between the two classifiers  , the random forest is clearly a better base classifier choice for the IAEI benchmarks  , and considering only the slight performance penalty  , ACM-DBLP as well. and 8  , reasonable tracking estimates can be generated from as few as six particles. In total  , 14 Stacked Features were added 7 aggregates each  , which were applied to the top k in-links and out-links separately. It was shown that the perfomance of simulated annealing using the metric developed in this paper performs better than with another cost function which seeks to maximize the number of overlapping modules. Another approach which is currently being investigated is to merge the graph built on the previous run of the Navigator with the one currently being built. The results also show that the regular expression and statistical features e.g. Tuples are anonymous  , thus their removal takes place through pattern matching on the tuple contents. This can be attributed to the presence of compounds  , which leads to higher rates of OOV compound For patent search in compounding languages  , the CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than for other language pairs 3  , 7 . In addition to surface pattern matching  , we also adopt n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. 41 developed the cyclic weighted median CWM method to solve Formula 1  , which achieves the state-of-the-art image data imputation performance. Second  , there is a difference in the model to be discovered. Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. New strategies have to be developed to predict the user's intention. We used a baseline  , which uses a single fixed window without considering query expansion  , internal structure  , and document authority. We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. To test the effectiveness of these various methods we used them in combination with a probabilistic retrieval incorporating inverse document frequency and within document frequency weights. The lower similarity between CVMR and CVMF M can be explained by training data Table 3: Test results for combined CLIR models see Table 2. It refers to selectively applying automatic query expansion AQE whenever predicted performance is above a certain threshold . Still  , strategy 11 is only a local optimization on each query. The experimental setup included all components of the control system because we wanted to find the transfer function of the entire control system. Both optimization techniques yield very awkward designs. For topic 100  , query expansion reduces the variation due to restatement of the topic as one would hope. Search interfaces of specialized Web-Collections offer individual search options to facilitate access to their documents. There are three blocks or categories: digitized value: Dig  , digitized and born-digital value: Dig  , B-d  , and born-digital value: B-d. We have already proposed and evaluated two different strategies. The first method is to take the fast Fourier transform FFT of the impulse response for Table 2: Characteristic frequencies for link 2 a given impulse command. In this vein  , optimizing over this group of tasks concurrently should yield another unique  , optimal morphology. At close distances less than 10 cm  , the sonar sensors cannot be used for range measurement however  , with model fitting  , IR can provide precise distances  , enabling the robot to follow the wall and not having t o rely on error-prone dead-reckoning  11. The search log data used in our experiments are obtained from the Intranet search engines of Essex and OU . Learning RFG is to estimate the remaining free parameters θ  , which maximizes the log-likelihood objective function Oθ. We use the center of the most frequent grid as the word center and follow the center finding step as suggested by 9. The dotted line in Figure 1a illustrates a hypothetical path of a contact measurement  , ˆ p  , through the space around the rectangle. In the information theory  , the concept of entropy developed by Shannon measures the extent to which a system is organized or disorganized. To establish the framework for modeling search strategies  , we view the query optimization problem as a search problem in the most general sense. This template can be utilized to identify other classes of transaction annotators. For each component z we pick the motifs w whose probability P w|z is significantly larger than zero. Here  , the likelihood function that we In Phase B  , we estimate the value of μs for each session based on the parameters Θ learned in Phase A. Compared to LSA or bag of word expansion  , CNF queries offer control over what query terms to expand the query term dimension and what expansion terms to use for a query term the expansion dimension. The results show that we are able to identify a number of matches among products  , and the aggregated descriptions have at least six new attribute-value pairs in each case. was implemented using the real-time software developed by Christini and Culianu 26 The system is stable  , so exponential weighting is nei­ ther required nor used. Thus  , they can be immediately used for efficient ad selection from a very large corpus of ads. Next we interpret each instructions of the function by following the transfer functions in Table 1 . This gives the system the ability to handle failures or unexpected events that occur during the execution proces. In addition  , we will cast the model in a more principled graphical model framework  , formulating it as a latent variable model where the summary " influence " weights between pairs of nodes are hidden variables that change over time and affect the statistical dependencies between attribute values of incident nodes. Transforming missing values can be done by imputing by mean of the variable and this imputation may be erroneous due to the outliers in the same variable. For each of the questions  , only the top 50 documents were used. Therefore  , for each hinge  , the trace height was determined empirically to ensure sufficient folding without excessive warping or peeling. In our approaches  , we propose four semantic features. This commanded velocity profile resulted in the vehicle's front wheels reaching the top of the hill at approximately 4.1 s. A time-lapse sequence of the motion with and without SBMPC is shown in Figure 12. , A relevant document will contain". Figure 2shows b 12 variables On this corpus  , we target at two entity types: phone and email. The Ad Hoc task provides a useful opportunity for us to get new people familiar with the tools that we will be using in the CLIR track|this year we submitted a single oocial Ad Hoc run using Inquery 3.1p1 with the default settings. In the framework of Support Vector Machine18  , three methods have been proposed to measure the uncertainty of simple data  , which are referred as simple margin  , MaxMin margin and ratio margin. We used a part of the parallel texts to train a small model  , and used the model for CLIR. In contrast  , interactive games like Monopoly and poker offer players several different actions as part of a sequential ongoing interaction in which a player's motives may change as the game proceeds or depend on who is playing. Figure 6 : One wave length error detection using the reflection model. Although ATM obtains comparable performance to CTM in terms of papers  , our CTM approach can obtain significant improvements in terms of authors. This paper provides a first attempt to bridge the gap between the two evolving research areas: procedural knowledge base and taskoriented search. Most important is the development of effective and realistic cost functions for inductive query evaluation and their use in query optimization. This highlights the need to find a better similarity measure based on the semantic similarity rather than just textual overlap.  Based on a manipulation of the original similarity matrix it is shown how optimum methods for hash-based similarity search can be derived in closed retrieval situations Subsection 3.3. Although LSH can be applied on the projected data using a metric learned via NCA or LMNN  , any such independent two stage method will be sub-optimal in getting a good bit vector representation. There is usually a trade-off between low cost in time and space and high map fidelity and path quality. In this paper  , we take an approach of normalizing entity names based on " token level " regular expressions. The assumption deviates from reality when there are no indices and the database chooses multi-way merge-sort joins. Documents are then assigned to each topic using the maximum posterior probability. During these experiments  , transient changes were present  , in the form of people moving past the robot as it constructed these evidence grids. When compared with previous results we see that Spanish CLIR using the Metathesaurus for query translation is on the high end of the performance range of 50- 75% of baseline scores observed with approaches based on dictionaries with or without information extracted from corpora 12  , 3  , 7  , 14. The experiment environment is Xilinx Virtex4 xc4vlx200 which is synthesis by Synplify and is implemented by ISE. It replaces missing records by random draws from complete records from the same local area. We have inferred that the distribution is heavy-tailed  , namely a Pareto with parameter α ≈ 2. distribution of transfer size: Figure 1shows the complementary cumulative distribution function of the sizes of transfers from the blogosphere server. A truly robust solution needs to include other techniques  , such as machine learning applied to instances  , natural language technology  , and pattern matching to reuse known matches. This narrows down the search space of potential objects on the image significantly. Query expansion is a commonly used technique to improve retrieval effectiveness. Pattern-based approaches  , on the other hand  , represent events as spatio-temporal patterns in sensor readings and detect events using efficient pattern matching techniques. Over the decades  , many different retrieval models have been proposed and studied  , including the vector space model 16  , 17  , the classic probabilistic model 7  , 13  , 14 and the language modeling approach 12  , 19. First of all  , good answers phrased in unfamiliar terms may not be covered by the regular expressions. However   , through   , δ–correctness we can see that no magic is going on  , as for all datasets these scores actually did decrease ; the incomplete training data hinders both methods in grasping the true data distribution. Each pair of connected subtopic candidates is an integrated subtopic. Suppose that we want the learning to optimize the ranking function for an evaluation score S. S can be a listwise ranking score  , e.g. the inverse kinematics maps the world coordinate space onto the joint coordinate space  X E R " -+ q ~ R ~   l    ,  1 3  . In this section  , we conduct experiments on MNIST dataset to investigate the discipline of the optimal number K opt of selected features in the sub-region  , which is the key factor in the proposed local R 2 FP. Subjects' search experience was measured using a modified version of the Search Self-Efficacy scale 13 . An important characteristic of query logs is that the long tail does not match well the power law model  , because the tail is much longer than the one that corresponds to the power law fitting the head distribution. The use of interdependence theory is a crucial difference between this work and previous investigations by other researchers using game theory to control the social behavior of an agent. The conclusion part is the type of answer expected if the LSP in condition part is matched. A solution for visualizing icon-based cluster content summaries combined with graph layouts can be found in 8 from the information visualization research field. The transfer function for figure 9.a is identical to equation 2  , with the same bandwidth. In all of the above tasks  , the central problem is similarity matching: 'find tumors that are similar to a gaven pattern' including shape  , shape changes  , and demographic patient data. Gray scale indicates computed relevance with white most relevant. Figure 5shows the Entropy values for the actual data and models. Note how the term o~feoporosis has relatively more weight in the structured queries. This section describes the implementation of the model fitting system and informal evaluations performed with volunteer operators. For certain full-text retrieval systems  , the ideal probabilistic model assumed in the Theorem is not always appropriate. The following parameters were used in estimating the number of segments. Prec@10 is the precision after 10 docs and the Mean Average Precision MAP. If a participant performed a pattern-level query either a regular expression search or a node expansion on a node that was not included in the link level  , the corresponding dot is shown within the pattern-level only. Three matching models shall be learned for question pattern respectively paired with answer type  , pseudopredicate   , and entity pairs. Although we have shown that different categories have differing trends of popularity over the hours of a day  , this does not provide insight into how the sets of queries within those categories change throughout the day. From a statistical perspective  , the CLIR problem can be formulated as follows. Tables 1 and 2 show the correlation coefficients in terms of K. Tau  , SP. Rho and Pearson for a subset of predictors . If a quick overview of the most common patterns in the data matrix is needed  , maximal frequent sets or NMF might be good methods to use. preliminary merge step. The second component of the visual mapping is brightness . Last for RL4 they use the past queries and the clicked url titles to reform the current query  , search it in indri  , then calculate the similarity between current query and documents. For homogeneous robots  , it is the mapping From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. In the context of multi-robot coordination  , dynamic task allocation can be viewed as the selection of appropriate actions lo for each robot at each point in time so as to achieve the completion of the global task by the team as a whole. Future work will put these findings to a practical application for selective approaches to PRF-AQE  , or in the selection of a baseline model to optimize a system's overall performance given the conditions of a particular query. This was repeated for four iterations of query expansion  , thus retrieving a total of 100 documents for the search. Figure 11shows the analytical and experimental values of G for t w o orthogonal directions. WNB-G-MCMC also performs slightly better than WNB-MCMC. The drawback of this approach is that it requires significant changes to the structure of any existing Volcano-style optimizer due to the need for propagating multiple plans for the same expression and then combining them suitably. If the query involves multiple patterns  , it is randomly assigned to one of the matching buckets. The most related work is in the area of index design. Many classifiers can be used with kernels  , we use Support Vector Machine. A consequence of this is that all regular expression variables appear in the head of any base rule. For the Streaming Slot Filling task  , our system achieved the goal of filling slots by employing a pattern learning and matching method. In contrast  , opt nttcmpts to minimize cost by merging as few runs in the first step as possible without increasing the number of merge steps. When we only apply query expansion in queries of GTT 2  , 3  , 4  , and 5  , our system achieves the best MAP. For optimization  , we just use stochastic gradient descent in this paper. This is intuitive  , because the less information there is to explain user behavior each query occurred only once and no clicks were observed  , the more NCM LSTM QD+Q+D learns to rely on ranks. Basically  , Support Vector Machine aim at searching for a hyperplane that separates the positive data points and the negative data points with maximum margin. To avoid problems of over-fitting  , we regularize the model weights using L2 regularization. Learning. Trajectories and maps were produced via Hector mapping 17; map regions are as follows: light grey represents known vacant space  , black represents known surfaces and dark grey represents unknown space; the grid cells are 1 metre square. Based on the plaintext collection  , our ARRANGER engine  , a Genetic Programming GP based ranking function discovery system  , is used to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for the topic distillation task. We describe a novel string pattern matching principle  , called n-gram search  , first proposed in preliminary form in 10. Best first searches are a subset of heuristic search techniques which are very popular in artificial intelligence. C-Store organizes columns into projections sets of columns and each projection has a sort-key 25. It must drop the left Q-value of .9 all the way down to say .119  , while moving the 0 up to .5. We matricize X in Mode 2 to generate matrix X 2 ∈ R l×uat . At this point in the proof the theorem prover needs to do a proof by induction. For a detailed presentation of DBSCAN see We omit the term " wrt. One of the main applications of QPP is selective Query Expansion 1. For example  , Xiang et al. This technique allows us to index the time series in order to achieve fast similarity search under uniform scaling. However  , due to space limitation  , we describe the intension to extension mapping only. Folding-in is based on the existing latent semantic structure and hence new terms and documents have no effect on the representation of the pre-existing terms and documents. Since all words share the embedding space  , semantic similarity between words may be computed both monolingually and across languages. The a priori assignment of search engines to domains is performed offline. In Fig. A selection submodule is responsible for using the computed measures to recommend a small set of nearest neighbours to an arti- fact. 321–332  , 2007. c Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2007While classical retrieval tools enable us to search for documents as an atomic unit without any context  , systems like POOL 14  are able to model and exploit the document structure and nested documents. That is  , special learning provisions must be madle for the movable feature patch. The GROC and CROC graphs together point out that the aspect model has nearly identical global GROC performance to the heuristic recommender while actually recommending to a more diverse group of people . In particular  , the occurrence of the regular expression operators concatenation  , disjunction +  , zero-or-one  ? The probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S 11  scores documents by combining field-level querylikelihood scores similarly to other field-based retrieval mod- els 13. the Shannon entropy 15  , 16. The objective of passive control is to design controllers such that the closed-loop system is stable and passive. Specifically  , a Random Forest model is used in the provided Aqqu implementation. Iterative computation methods for fitting such a model to a table are described in Christensen 2 . SV M struct is one of the support vector machine implementations for sequence labeling 16. If the relative degree of the transfer function is not well-defined  , the performance of a controller designed using this model can be affected. Expansion terms are integrated in our baseline system. Two other main parameters of automatic query expansion systems are the number of pseudo-relevant documents used to collect expansion terms and the number of terms selected for query expansion. , portfolio theory  , Business value is not the only mature concept of value. The function call s1$roots produces the expected results a sequence of title elements. We make the following interesting observations. DBSCAN makes use of an R* tree to achieve good performance. ADT a is an automatic aggregation of the list of ADTs b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a commuted regular expression of the regular expression formed by concatenating the elements in the list of ADTs b. b: Here b is an ordered list of two or more ADTs. We maintained a vocabulary of 177 ,044 phrases by choosing those with more than 2 occurrences. Some common preferences include large clearance  , small rotation  , low curvature smoothness  , few sharp corners  , avoiding singularities for manipulators  , or low potential energies Tor ligand binding and protein folding see Table 2. This is so clicking on an items that is hyperlinked  , for example  , will not cause the browser to navigate away from the current page. It can also be used with traditional multiple-query optimization MQO schemes. In this section  , we show how to normalize a tRDF database — later  , in Section 6  , we will show experimentally that normalization plays a big part in evaluating queries efficiently at the expense of a small increase in the storage space. Note that this automatic method for evaluation contrasts with the small-scale manual evaluation described in 12. The ranking score can be viewed as a metric of the manifold distance which is more meaningful to measure the semantic relevance. The major difference between our approach and structural query translation is that ours uses translation probabilities while the other treats all translations as equals. In fact  , most of the known non-distributed probabilistic retrieval models propose a RSV computation that is based on an accumulation over all query features. It is also expected as a result that the use of structured data in terms of the GoodRelations vocabulary by manufacturers and online retailers will bring additional benefits derived from being part of the Web of Data  , such as Search Engine Optimization SEO in the form of rich snippets 4   , or the possibility of better articulating the value proposition of products on the Web. For patent search in compounding languages  , the CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than for other language pairs 3  , 7 . We then rank the substrings based on the likelihood of being the correct translation. Similarity calculating component: Calculating the similarity between two questions is a very important component in our QA systems. This means the within ads similarity of users  , which are represented by their short term search behaviors  , can be around 90 times larger than the corresponding between ads similarity. This section demonstrates self-folding of a variable resistor as an example to show the capability of our system. The lack of improvement by the inexperienced users suggests that interactive query expansion may be difficult to use well. The conceptual-DFR run is based on re-ranking the results that are obtained from query expansion using keyword-based query context. We found that query expansion techniques  , such as acronym expansion  , while improving 1-concept query retrieval performance  , have little effect on multiconcept queries. This search engine recommender SER utilizes that the HTTP referrer information typically contains the search terms keywords of the user KMT00. In summary  , the recall precision curves of all three categories present negative slopes  , as we hoped for  , allowing us to tune our system to achieve high precision. The transfer function matrix H is doubly-astic. Moreover  , these bounds on predictive performance are also extremely sensitive to the deviations from perfect knowledge we are likely to encounter when modeling real-world systems: even a relatively small amount of error in estimating a product's quality leads to a rapid decrease in one's ability to predict its success. However  , when positional information is added the inverted file entries for common words become dramatically larger. At the third step  , based on normalization dictionary Qnorm dic and WordNet  , each word in a question is converted into LSP code to be matched with the condition part of LSP grammar by regular expression. " However  , most of the investigations do not underline the difficulty to estimate the physical parameters of the system using the identified state space or transfer function model. Expecting to find a HTML button  , they may press " B " to jump only among buttons narrowing down their search space and reducing the amount of information they have to listen to. A detailed discussion can be found in If the load is negligible the actuator dynamics transfer function becomes A brief discussion on EH servo system operation modeling is iven. The regular expression specifies the characters that can be included in a valid token. This information can be considered as a user profile. The possible worlds semantics  , originally put forward by Kripke for modal logics  , is commonly used for representing knowledge with uncertainties. Rather than over fitting to the limited number of examples  , users might be fitting a more general but less accurate model. Therefore only results from the Random Forest experiments are reported  , specifying F1  , accuracy and the area under the ROC curve AUC. The block diagram and associated documents would contain various "summary" design specifications such as transfer functions  , switching functions   , state tables  , apportioned sybsystem reliability goals  , etc. Two hill climbing scenarios are considered below. , how they determine the set S. The criterion for choosing S is for the advertiser to pick a set of keyphrases that searchers may use in their query when looking for their products. Further  , Wang and Vidyasagar have shown in 12  that the relative degree of the transfer function relating the base torque to the tip position becomes ill-defined as the nuimber of modes included in the truncated model tends 'to infinity. Data transfer can happen either immediately  , or later when the phone has a connection. Learning the TRFG model is to estimate a parameter configuration θ = {α}  , {β}  , {μ} to maximize the log-likelihood objective function Oα  , β  , μ. Our observations for this outcome include that for the models derived from the regular expression style paraphrases for the questions  , the classes were too sparse as the software developed for this task was not able to generalize the patterns enough. Dictionary based CLIR was explored by several groups including New Mexico State University 8  , University of Massachusetts l  , and the Xerox Research Center Europe ll. Their method  , called Horizontal Decomposition HD  , decomposes programs hierarchically a la Dijkstra 11 using levels of abstraction and step-wise refinement. Technical details of the probabilistic retrieval model can be found in the appendix of this paper. Multiply translations act as the query expansion. , feature-based index to assemble an approximate match. The sort-merge scmi ,join methods SSSRI and PSSM rcqulrc a similar numher of' disk acccsscs. The work presented by 12  , 16  proves that the features of a sentence/document can be learnt through its word embedding. In the case of DBSCAN the index finds the correct number of clusters that is three. 15  extracted adjacent queries in sessions for query expansion and query substitution   , respectively. This leads to θ n ≈ arg max θ P Dn|θgθ|φ n−1 . This kernel trick makes the computation of dot product in feature space available without ever explicitly knowing the mapping. We compare the results obtained using the kernel functions defined in Sect. A final perspective is offered in Table 4which shows the success rate in function of the average states per symbol κ for an expression. The remote procedure call function simply transfers control to the other partition through the control protocol  , which causes the free variables to be sent before the actual control transfer occurs. Whilst classic relevance ratings have viewed relevance in purely semantic terms  , it would appear that in practice users adjust their relevance judgements when considering other factors. , number of extra hash buckets to check  , for the multiprobe LSH method and the entropy-based LSH method. Indeed  , the average estimated attrition for individuals in completed chains is 3% lower than the average estimated attrition for individuals in incomplete chains. where the learning rate 7lc is usually much greater than the de-learning rate q ,. The related-text significantly improves the results of retrieval methods that do not perform query expansion. Our results demonstrate that high weight terms are not always necessarily useful for query expansion. Ni is the log-likelihood for the corresponding discretization. We choose grep-2.2 as the subject program in this study. The fourth column lists the feature on which the regular expression or gazetteer as the case may be is evaluated. With the manual F 3 measure  , all three soft pattern models perform significantly better than the baseline p ≤ 0.01. We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. Although our preliminary results address the sensibility of the measures  , a detailed investigation using several document corpora is still needed to reflect different topics and sizes. By taking advantage of the best-first search  , the search space is effectively pruned and the top-k relevant objects are returned in an incremental manner. Transformation T 3 : Each index-scan operator in P is replaced with a table-scan operator followed by a selection operator  , where the selection condition is the same as the index-scan condition. The intersection is the portion of the query-URL pairs that we have both editorial judgments and the user browsing model estimates . A Chinese topic contains four parts: title  , description  , narrative and key words relevant to whole topic. Function Slice for i ← 1 to n do HandleEvent collects all intermediate trace slices corresponding to θ's subinstances . This bound is relatively generous for worlds in which all products are the same  , but it becomes increasingly restrictive as we consider more diverse worlds with products of varying quality. For each project-investor pair  , we predict whether the investor supports the project prediction is 1 or not prediction is 0. The matching is holistic since FiST does not break a twig pattern into root-to-leaf paths. However  , it remains to be seen whether Word Embedding can be effectively used to evaluate the coherence of topics in comparison with existing metrics. In the other experiments  , the English queries are translated into French and French queries are translated into English using various tools: 2. A detailed model of the tyre friction forces was incorporated in the simulation. The Reverse Dijkstra heuristic is as described in Section 3.2.3 and shows significant improvement. However  , as query expansion aims to retrieve this set of documents  , they form the best evidence on the utility of expansion terms. Similar to the facts reflected by the Pearson correlation in Figure 4  , the social media-based methods outperform computational epidemiology-based methods like SEIR and EpiFast in small lead time by achieving low MSE and peak time error. The block diagram of this control system is illustrated in Figure 6. To define the similarity measure  , we took the number of matches  , the length of the URL   , the value of the match between the URL head and the URL tail into account  , as shown in the last lines of Table 9. In order to evaluate this reranking scheme  , we ranked the URL address result list according to request their similarity. For example  , chapter/section*/title is expressed as a finite automaton and hence structurally recursive functions in Figure 11. Examining users' geographic foci of attention for different queries is potentially a rich source of data for user modeling and predictive analytics. To validate our modeling efforts  , the magnitude of the transfer function from the torque wheel voltage input to the accelerometer voltage output   , with the hub PD loop active  , is shown in Fig. Their main purpose is to give search engine users a comprehensive recommendation when they search using a specific query. An appropriate heuristic function is used to compute the promise of a path. Intent is identified in search result snippets  , and click-through data  , over a number of latent topic models. Can we attribute the residual lift to interest in the brand or category ? Because mathematical expressions are often distinguished by their structure rather than relying merely on the symbols they include  , we describe two search paradigms that incorporate structure: 1. the merge-sort operation when its input becomes bigger than memory the contours of the discontinuities involved are similar to the equi-cost contours and the approach outlined above can be applied for approximating the cost func- Input: SPJ query q on a set of relations Q = {R 1   , . The mapped functions embed as much type information as possible into their function bodies from the given query. The split is then installed in the parent: the old SP for the left page is updated via update pred and a new entry for the new right page is inserted into the parent with the insert function. Out of these posts  , 1.9M posts are tagged with an average of 1.75 tags per post. We show that CNF expansion leads to more stable retrieval across different levels of expansion  , minimizing problems such as topic drift even with skewed expansion of part of the query. One-class classification 9  transfers the problem of detecting outliers to a quadratic program solved by Support Vector Machine. '#N BigCC' is the number of the nodes in the biggest connected component of the roadmap  , '#edges' is the total number of edges  , and '#N path' is the number of roadmap nodes in the final folding path. Therefore  , it can be computed off-line and used as a look-up table  , forming the following pseudo-code: The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. It can be proven 17 that this formula converges if each action is executed in each state an infinite number of times and a is decayed appropriately. This shows that the image-based techniques are more flexible to data fitting and local inaccuracies of the model than the geometric-based approaches  , which impose a rigid transformation . Optimization techniques are discussed in Section 3. Furthermore  , many semantic optimization techniques can only be applied if the declarative constraints are enforced. For the data set of small objects  , the Random Forest outperforms the CNN. The only difference is that the user has the option of creating a text search within a particular node. Their model favors documents most different in sentiment direction and in the arguments they discuss. For a given Latent Semantic Space In this work we use the Euclidean distance to measure the relevance between a query and a document. Undoing these requires " physical undo "   , i.e. BWESG induces a shared cross-lingual embedding vector space in which words  , queries  , and documents may be presented in a uniform way as dense real-valued vectors. That is  , when 2T-INF derives the corresponding SOA no edges are missing. In their approach  , only terms present in the summarized documents are considered for query expansion. The idea of considering both similarity and cost is motivated in Section 4.2.   , pagelinks.sql  , categorylinks.sql  , and redirect.sql  , which provide all the relevant data including the hyperlinks between articles  , categories of articles   , and the category system. 5shows the search result of a product search with Preference SQL via a mobile WAP phone. Collingbourne et al. These common data types are used across different domains and only require one-time static setup– e.g. This seems a bit low  , so that AP and SDA are probably too dissimilar for such use. Experimental timing results show that the method can be incorporated into existing search engine technology 8  , 5. In this section  , we describe the approach we have adopted for addressing the CLIR problem. Then the topranked terms can be selected as expansion terms. As such  , any mapping from histories to histories that can be specified by an event expression can be executed by a finite automaton. A few proposals exist for evaluating transitive closures in distributed database systems 1 ,9 ,22 . To extract features related to query expansion  , we first name the origin query offered by TREC'14 OriginQuery. In the use of language modeling by Ponte and Croft 17  , a unigram language model is estimated for each document  , and the likelihood of the query according to this model is used to score the document for ranking. Further investigations regarding the data reconstruction ability of KM were done by looking into the compressed 1 http://www.cs.huji.ac.il/labs/compbio/LibB sizes of the data; To compress the data with missing values   , KRIMP typically requires 30% more bits than it does to encode the original data. We use a regular expression pattern to test if the document text contains parts that might be geo-coordinates  , but are not marked up accordingly. The goal is to discover all pairs of sites whose similarity exceeds some threshold  , s. Fortunately  , as shown in Section 6  , any two legitimate sites have negligible similarity. The purpose of using such hard matching patterns in addition to soft matching patterns is to capture those well-formed definition sentences that are missed due to the imposed cut-off of ranking scores by soft pattern matching and centroid-based weighting. If we join all subsystems in accordance with the position based dynamic look and move structures we obtain the system's block diagram. Evaluating document-level alignments can have fundamentally different goals. Note that some proposed features cannot be extracted from certain large-scale datasets  , e.g. Once a number has been located  , the following token is checked to see if the number can be further classified into a unit of measure. The Pearson correlation coefficient is used as a similarity measure for OTI evaluations. Regular path expression. Recently  , millions of tagged images are available online in social community. , the local optimum found yields good conceptual clusters 4. is a hill-climbing procedure and is prone to getting stuck at a local optimum finding the global optimum is NP-complete. In addition to automatic query expansion  , semi-automatic query expansion has also been studied Ekm 92  , Han 92  , Wad 88. In IX  , this author described the problem as a graph search  , and suggested search techniques such as A'. This means that we would do EA_LB_Keogh 2k-1 times  , without early abandoning. The remaining query-independent features are optimised using FLOE 18. Specifically  , given a user's query  , SSL sends the query to the centralized sample database and retrieves the sample ranked list with relevance score of each document. Second  , in most cases  , the W value of those combined resources are in between occasionally above the resources that are combined. Voorhees et al. The online dictionary Wikipedia 2 was utilized to accomplish the expansion. We summarize each topic θ with terms having the highest pw|θ. In the context of non-traditional index structures  , the method of bulk loading also has a serious impact on the search quality of the index. This is a critical requirement in handling domain knowledge  , which has flexible forms. Recent research on multi-language digital libraries has focused on cross-language information retrieval CLIR—retrieving documents written in one language through a query in a different language 1. These include: Reweighting query terms Query expansion based on term selection value Query optimization weights anddor selection of terms Threshold optimization. , a user can put " " around keywords to specify matching these keywords as a phrase. As documents belonging to each of these groups received by definition similar votes from the view-specific PLSA models  , the voting pattern representing each of these groups is called the cluster signature. In other words  , the goal of our first experiment is to derive   , from a corpus of XSD definitions  , the regular expression content models in the schema for XML Schema Definitions 3 . There is one mapping path in the example. However  , current search engines do not support the table search. That  , is  , the peaks of t ,liis transfer function are easily identified and the variation of tlie frequency where these peaks occur admits a direct functional relat.ionship with the payload carried IJY tlie robot. The searching contains -a subject oriented browsing -a search for authors  , titles and other relevant bibliographic information -a subject oriented search in different information resources. According to Figure 3g  , without any query expansion but simply compared with query Q  , the performance is far from optimistic. More specifically  , our approach assigns to each distance value t  , a density probability value which reflects the likelihood that the exact object reachability distance is equal to t cf. Few did pose the problem of predicting CLIR performance or whether to translate a query term or not. Therefore  , our final expansion configuration were set as: In information theory  , entropy measures the disorder or uncertainty associated with a discrete  , random variable  , i.e. We also present and evaluate jump indexes  , a novel trustworthy and efficient index for join operations on posting lists for multi-keyword queries. CellSort is based on distributed bitonic merge with a SIMDized bitonic sorting kernel. We currently estimate this threshold to be in the region of minimum query length of 10 to 12 letters for human chromosomes. Feature matching method needs to abstract features e.g. This method keeps the main advantage of Q-learning over actor-critic leaming -the ability of exploration insensitivity  , which is desired in real-world applications. Here the summary includes the search title  , snippets and URL. The syntax errors we introduced can be located without understanding the execution of the program; they merely require some kind of pattern matching. Overall  , social media-based methods i.e. Planner 2 is resolution complete when all the jump points are considered. Since it is desired that none of the joints overshoot the commanded position or the response be critically damped  , In the absence of any feedforward terms  , the response is governed by the poles of the transfer function. In order to use this feature  , a headrelated transfer function is needed. A set regular path query Q ‚Ξ Ð R describes a relation between a single node and a set  , based on a regular expression R together with a quantifier Ξ. not diverse. Structurally recursive functions are a kind of the function classes to which we can apply the structural function inlining. For TREC-7 and TDT-2 we had been using PRISE  , but our interest in trying out Pirkola's technique for CLIR led to our choice of Inquery for CLIR TREC-8. Eighteen P=18 images from each scene class were used for training and the remaining ones Q=6 for testing. For simplicity we will consider a system in which all the measurement variables have a variance equal to 1. The adjusted R-square  , on the other hand  , penalises R-square for the addition of regressors  , which do not contribute to the explanatory power of the model. A type system based on regular expressions was studied by Tabuchi et al. When a user starts a search task  , the search engine receives the input queries and return search results by HTTP request. The remaining pd-graphs are obtained by subsequent folding of paths GSe5G5  , G53e4e3G2  , G4ezGz53  , and GlelG4253. will not yield an autonomic computing system unless the elements share a set of common behaviors  , interfaces and interaction patterns that are demonstrably capable of engendering system-level selfmanagement . These optimizations are similar to rewrite rules used in conventional single-query optimization 4 as well as in multi-query optimization 1  , 6. Since softassign determines the correspondence between data sets  , the exact correspondences are not needed in advance. SP and SP* select a specification page using our scoring function in Section 3.2; SP selects a page from the top 30 results provided by Google search engine  , while SP* selects a page from 10 ,000 pages randomly selected from the local web repository . Input rule files are compiled into a graph representation and a depth first search is performed to see if a certain token starts a pattern match. Our main contributions are summarized as follows: – Textual baseline: we indexed the raw text by adopting the standard Lucene library customized with the scoring formula described in Sect. Stage 1. Database queries are optimized based on cost models that calculate costs for query plans. The isolation of the search strategies from the search space makes the solution compatible with that of Valduriez891 and thus applicable to more general database programming languages which can be deductive or object-oriented Lanzelotte901. In a second experiment  , our goal was to estimate which of the topics has 10% or less of their aspects covered by the document collection. We now describe a technique that incorporates hill-climbing and is roughly We assume that which vertices are adjacent to each vertex is pre-computed and stored as a part of the polyhedron representation. At the Q-learning  , the penalty that has negative value is employed . In the following  , we provide more details on methods used by the 5 best performing groups  , whose approaches for detecting opinionated documents have worked well  , compared to a topic-relevance baseline as shown in Table 6proaches for detecting opinionated documents  , integrated into their Terrier search engine. We also notice that GenProg failed for all arithmetic bugs. We tackle this problem by generating new contentbased features to represent the relevance of a tweet to a given query. In certainty grids space is represented by a grid with each cell holding a value corresponding to the probability that an obstacle is located in that region. The tuple operations include maps to tuple projection and from tuple construction domain objects. They identified two ways to personalize a search through query augmentation and search result ranking. In case of the NEC PC-9821Bp 486DX2-66MHz  , the mapping of the obstacles and the possible motion area from the workspace to the posture space totally takes about 20 minutes  , however  , the generation of the obstacle avoidance trajectory only takes 0.36 seconds. , hash join  , sort-merge join  , nested-loops join in P is replaced with a logical join operator. Strategic software design is still a new area of inquiry. For example  , a sensor may be recording the position of an object moving through a building and this may inform predictions about the properties of the object. Next  , a discrete  , unnormalized probability distribution function Fvhrt c' is obtained as: Even a customized transfer function can be devised by utilizing B- splines. It then integrates these subtopics as described in Section 2.3. The top 100 of these documents were then used for query expansion and then intersected with the documents of the test collection. 2 describe a system for timbre classification to identify 12 instruments in both clean and degraded conditions. Businesses consider sponsored links a reliable marketing and profit avenue  , and search engines certainly consider sponsored search a workable business model. The pairs with the highest likelihood can then be expected to represent instances of succession. Average precision values are given in table 7. Finally  , a hill-climbing phase in which different implernentation choices are considered reintroduces some of the interactions. By fitting two of the constants in the impact model which consist of various mass and geometric terms  , we obtained a usable model of impact which predicted average initial translation velocities to within 5 to 15 percent  , initial rotational velocities to within 30 percent. Thus the E-step remains the same. The GP utility model can be trained by minimising the negative log marginal likelihood of the GP with respect to the hyperparameters of the covariance function. After all documents are indexed  , the data are aggregated and sent to the Self-Organizing Map for categorization. We keep the same values for λ as were selected in the previous experiments  , and the pLSA baseline in the recommendation task. All these approaches represent derivation of a loop-transfer function with SPR properties for a control object without SPR properties by means of dynamic extensions or observers. In this case  , the alignments help overcome the problem of different RSV scales. The vector representation of trails allows us to use the Cosine similarity measure to compute similarity between any two given trails. In order to generate gold standard for representative phrases  , we utilize both the true DSR ratings and human annotation. Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , PLASTIC also improves query execution efficiency because optimizers can now always run at their highest optimization level – the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. If types conflict  , HyDRA assists in the conflict's resolution. The tangential space mapping where V s 7 is tlie gradient function for 7. and Veep is tlie tangential space mapping of the kinematic function' . To the best of knowledge  , this paper represents one of the first efforts towards this target in the information retrieval research community. Cylin-der extensions are determined from the joint angles using a polynomial mapping  We identified the segment on which the two outputs differed. The control of a flexible link based on its passive transfer function is just like the control of a rigid link even though the sensor and the actuator are located at different positions along the link. Learning the values of the weights is achieved through maximisation of the conditional likelihood Equation 2 given labelled training data. In an experiment on QALD-3 DBpedia questions  , the median query construction time was 30 s  , the maximum time was 109 s  , and only one question led to a timeout. It has been shown that the resulting transfer function does not suffer from open RHP zeros. To test whether CLIR systems that perform well in the news stories domain are robust enough to simply be used in a different domain  , we have compared SYSTRAN easiest  , most convenient choice that worked extremely well in past evaluation forums and two corpus-based methods trained on the Springer corpus. Faceted Search or Faceted Browsing is increasingly used in search applications  , and many websites already feature some sort of faceted search to improve the precision of their website search results. This difference becomes larger in the region which is far from the origin. However  , they become computationally expensive for large manufacturing lines i.e. An interesting application of relational similarity in information retrieval is to search using implicitly stated analogies 21  , 37. A page was said to include an attribute-value pair only when a correspondence between the attribute and its value could be visually recognized as on the left side of Figure 1. An alternative method of dealing with sparsity is by mapping the sparse high-dimensional feature space to a dense low-dimensional space. This allows us to randomly walk around ¦  , without reducing the goodness of our current solution. This transfer function was then used to design the zero phase error tracking controller. motion commands corresponding to current knowledge of the system  , whose execution gives the robot the maximum probability of reaching a goal configuration from any initial configuration. Input vectors composed of range-to-obstacle indicators' readouts and direction-to-goal indicator readouts are partitioned into one of predefined perceptual situation classes. , the weight and inertial forces generated by the load. Terms from the top ten documents were ranked using the same expansion score used in the post-hoc English expansion. Paradoxically  , technical terms and names are not generally found in electronic translation dictionaries utilised by MT and CLIR systems. Search logs are usually organized in the form of search sessions.  Introduction of Learning Method: "a-Learning" Althongh therc are several possible lcarning mcthods that could be used in this system  , we employed the Q-learning method 6. Sigmoid activation functions are used in the hidden layer and softmax in the output layer to ensure that outputs sum to one. If we only consider changes to the author field values range between 1.5% like before and 13.9% Databases  , Information Theory . The key insight between what we call meaning matching is to apply that same perspective directly to CLIR. Information about the author  , title and attribution and preferences  , policies or opinions regarding manipulation of the content by third parties 28  , and transformation rules thereof  , could also be included as semantic hints. The intent of any input query is identified through mapping the query into the Wikipedia representation space  , spanned by Wikipedia articles and categories. Our objective is to take advantage of this property for the task of query rewriting  , and to learn query representations in a lowdimensional space where semantically similar queries would be close. One would need more data  , especially of control subjects to be able to state that automatic methods always significantly outperform human observers in clinical practice. In extensive experiments it has been proven to be very effective even for large teams of robots and using two different dec au pled path planning techniques. The weights for the DLS cont ,rol strategy 10 are chosen as K = 100 and W  , = 1. We now define the graph pattern matching problem in a distributed setting. Because WIKI. LINK focuses only anchor phrases  , this query expansion technique considers many fewer  , but potentially higher quality  , expansion terms and phrases than other query expansion methods. In this technique  , the " bad quality " clusters the ones that violate the size bound are discarded Step FC7 and is replaced  , if possible  , by better quality clusters. We would expect that in the first case  , the learned model would look very similar to baseline query likelihood efficient but not effective. The heuristical method can be enhanced with known methodologies such as hill climbing. The former caters for controlled access to shared resources. First  , we see that all image-based rerankers yield higher values of statMPC@10 than the search engines using text only. Since this type of predictions involve larger temporal horizons and needs to use both the controller organization and modalities  , it may yield larger errors. Such violation can occur because presence of an appropriate order on relations can help reduce the cost of a subsequent sort-merge join since the sorting phase is not required. The query expansion mechanism refines the DFR term weighting models by a uniform combination of evidence from the three fields. Query expansion: In this study we experimented with three expansion methods plus an ensemble method that incorporated the results of the other three. Each time a search is performed   , the Search Module retrieves URIs of instances in the search results and stores them into a cache memory. The overall system's capabilities 6  , 7 1 may be summarized as follows: i ability to 'pick and place " single and multiple limp material panels without causing damage  , distortion  , deformation or folding of the material  , ii a b i l i to operate with a reliability of 2 99%  , iii ability to perform material manipulation at a rate of 2 12 paneldminute as required by the industry' with a maximum manipulation rate of about 22 panels per minute  , iv abilii to handle the entire stack or a desired number of panels in a stack of material  , and  , v abillty to handle a wide variety of limp materials such as fabric  , leather  , sheet metals etc. This property makes the numerical model more reliable for future wing kinematics optimization studies. The vector size of the subject feature vector was 1 ,674 and the vector size of the description feature vector was 1 ,871. The combined resource usually results in a diversification performance in between that of the individual resources combined. The trial concludes when there is a clear global maximum of the likelihood function. edges  ? Nonetheless  , the log-merge method does significantly improve result-set merging performance relative to a straightforward sort operation on relevance scores. This is also our ongoing work. Due to lack of code shipping  , techniques for parallel and distributed query optimization   , e.g. The size of the regular expression generated from the vulnerability signature automaton can be exponential in the number of states of the automaton 10. Following common practice 11  , prediction over queries quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the values assigned to queries by a predictor and the actual average precision AP@1000 computed for these queries using TREC's relevance judgments. They are matched to one of these C groups by applying a PLSA model on the concatenated document features. Using a single word embedding to represent multiple such topics may result in embeddings that conflate them  , i.e. For each node  , add the costs computed by the two dijkstra searches. Similarity search in the time-series database encounters a serious problem in high dimensional space  , known as the " curse of dimensionality " . We empirically show the benefits of plan refinement and the low overhead it adds to the cost of SELECT c custkey  , COUNT * FROM Customer  , Supplier WHERE c nationkey = s nationkey GROUPBY c custkey Figure 1: A Simple Example Query query optimization Section 5. Instead of using cosine similarity to compute the user check-in behavior  , we have also tried other metrics  , such as Pearson correlation and Total Variation Distance  , but observed similar results. This is  , users might stay at workplace during that period  , and hence have similar check-ins while people tend to have lunch about 12:00  , making the curve drops to some extent. extracted from parallel sentences in French and English  , the performance of CLIR is improved. , a vertical search system for real estate  , events  , travels  , businesses  , it interacts synchronously with data sources and produces several solutions e.g. cluding all search portal events from a search session  , if there is a search event immediately after a browse event  , we call the tuple {URL  , query} a " browse → search " pattern where URL is the page visited in the browse event and query is extracted from the search event. Then  , we take all combination of continuous snippets as candidate answer sentences. The joint space mapping and modified fingertip position mapping method are exercised in the manipulation of dexterous robot hand. We proposed VERT  , to solve these content problems   , by introducing relational tables to index values. Property 3 shows that the R M R N   , possesses an elegant recursive property with regard to its structure in a manner similar to the n-cube. Consequently  , we believe that any practical IE optimizer must optimize pattern matching. The concepts derived &om the query test by the inference mechanism described in the last section specify important word dependencies . Furthermore  , it can minimize the proliferation of repeated  , incomplete  , or outdated definitions of the same product master data across various online retailers; by means of simplifying the consumption of authoritative product master data from manufacturers by any size of online retailer. The pages that can be extracted at least one object are regarded as object pages. Indeed  , it has been widely reported that queries have a zipfian distribution and individual queries are temporally clustered 29. On the other hand  , PosLM  , which models only structure  , performs the worst  , showing that a combination of content and structure bearing signals is necessary. Section 2 reviews previous works on similarity search. The above equation gives the amount of information a term conveys in a document regardless of its semantic direction . Bilingual dictionaries have been used in several CLIR experiments. The problem solving task is defined as any learning task where the system receives a reward only upon entering a goal state. The matrix of weights among all users or movies is the user movie correlation matrix. For example  , if we expect a document containing the word north to have a higher-thanaverage probability of being relevant to a WHERE question  , we might augment the WHERE question with the word north. Note that one can always apply binary LSH on top of a metric learning method like NCA or LMNN to construct bit vectors. The expansion corpus consisted of the WWW  , People and ESW sub-collections of the W3C test collection. That is  , the system produces a gist of a document d by searching over all candidates g to find that gist which maximizes the product of a content selection term and a surface realization term. We found that 12 ,006 reports had one visit associated while 2 ,387 of the reports had more than or equal to 10 visits. Thus  , there are can be no interior maxima  , and the likelihood function is thus maximized at some xv  , where the derivative is undefined. FluXQuery is  , to our knowledge  , the first XQuery engine that optimizes query evaluation using schema constraints derived from DTDs 1 . At test time  , the random forest will produce T class distributions per pixel x. DB2 Information Integrator deploys cost-based query optimization to select a low cost global query plan to execute . This led to the introduction of two search tasks at INEX 2006: Relevant in Context and Best in Context  , and the elicitation of a separate Best-entry-point judgment. Therefore  , Miller-Charles ratings can be considered as a reliable benchmark for evaluating semantic similarity measures. A keyword query can be submitted to a search engine through many applications communicating with the search engine. In game theory  , a strategy is a method for deciding what move to make next  , given the current game state. more than 3 query terms are selected for expansion. Moreover  , no elements are repeated in any of the definitions. In the experiments  , we find that we cannot start PLSA model with a uniform distribution for P z  , P d|z  , and P w|z; otherwise  , the convergence will happen immediately in the first iteration due to the sparsity of data. , t-test is also employed. Their methodology is based on mapping the underlying domain ontologies into views  , which facilitates view-based search. Our evaluation results show that the triple translation is more precise than the word-by-word translation with the co-occurrence model. A pairwise feature between two queries could be the similarity of their search results. where w i ,k is the similarity weight between users ui and u k . Others 51  , 32 can automatically infer rules by mining existing software; they raise warnings if violations of the rules occur. In terms of the operations discussed in Section 3.2  , the variable has the following mean- ing. In practice  , it is difficult to generate perturbed queries in a data-independent way and most hashed buckets by the perturbed queries are redundant. Note the mutual recursive nature of linkspecs and link clauses. Although a kinematic model gives a good description of the camera's movement for general applications  , it is useful to consider the unstabilized components in motion due to the change of operating conditions  , external disturbances  , etc. Otherwise  , all possible one-word expansions of it are computed. Furthermore  , affected by GenProg  , Par also uses genetic programming to guide the patch search in the way like GenProg. Since the subjects were instructed to favor accuracy over task time  , each trial was completed when the subject deemed that the closest fit hacl been attained. Second  , they take a one-vs-all approach and learn a discriminative classifier a support vector machine or a regularized least-squares classifier for each term in the This technique provides a mechanism for modeling term dependencies during expansion. Arabic  , the same retrieval system was also used for monolingual experiments. – Example Search Terms: " Metallica " – Description: A user wants to search Flickr for images relating to a specific music artist. For example  , the approach presented in 8 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. Figures 6 and 7 show that with 10 MIPS CPU  , these queries using the sort-merge join method are I/O bound. Higher entropy means a more uniform distribution across beer types  , i.e. COGENT score showed a Pearson correlation of only 0.3 with coreness labels in this data set whereas the most predictive single feature in our feature set character ngram overlap  , Section 5.1 had a correlation of 0.77. Among the most prominent projects in this arena is the WEBSOM system 12 representing over 1 million Usenet newsgroup articles in a single huge SOM. After a period of usage  , the server side will accumulate a collection of clickthrough data  , which records the search history of Web users. , writing regular expression scripts to parse the input data and recognize the existence of each feature in the input. We will now describe a method for modeling the low-level signal exchange in interaction using simple predictive models . The results are arranged along two dimensions of user effort  , the number of query terms selected for expansion  , and the maximum number of expansion terms to include for a selected query term. Thus  , semantically  , the class of deterministic regular expressions forms a strict subclass of the class of all regular expressions. We only utilize query expansion from internal dataset and proximity search. We proposed a new Word Embedding-based topic coherence metric  , and instantiated it using 8 different WE models. Make a planning according t o the planning procedureFig.1. 10 is just same as that in the case with the individual increments in isolation. A search within this structure is faster than a naive search as long as the number of examined nodes is bounded using a fast approximate search procedure. for query expansion and results re-ranking. The services determine a ranked list of domain-specific ontologies considerable for reuse based on string similarity and semantic similarity measures  , such as synonyms in 4 also on manual user evaluations of suggested ontologies. We compare the results obtained with the different query expansion techniques and their combinations in the Results section. This means that our current implementation only approximates the top-k items. For each molecule inspected  , our system keeps track of the provenance of any triple matching the current pattern being handled checkIfTripleExists. A relational similarity measure is used to compare the stem word pair with each choice word pair and to select the choice word pair with the highest relational similarity as the answer. For a high performance system with an end-effector mounted camera  , mechanical vibration in the structure will be part of the overall closed-loop transfer function. SchemaSQL 5 implements transposing operations. They considered the position of the tip or that of an intermediate point as the noncollocated output. The mixed-effects model in Eq. However  , they differ in exploration of the search space and the size of the portion explored. Finally  , holds due to the product rule for differentiation. These embeddings often capture and/or preserve linguistic properties of words. One can find many methods to design the controller transfer function K . Our method gives feasible solution by judicious choice of parameters and outperforms the method proposed by Lashkari 5  , in terms of the quality of the optimal solution. Finally  , we summarize these properties in order to generate the regular expression. Thereby  , the amount of informa3. n  , the face of the same female individual was presen ed Emotional Faces database 25. As part of an earlier task on a system that supported the visualization of object connections in a distributed system  , the subject had implemented a locking mechanism to allow only one method of an object to execute at one time.  Google∼Web: Google search on the entire Web with query expansion. According to the precedent theory the matrix inp&-output relation is given by y = Hu  , where H is the transfer function matrix. General query optimization is infeasible. The most likely k terms according to the relevance model generate the expansion candidates. , * arg max Pr |  In particular   , the experiments concerned the induction and performance evaluation of rules for the identification of the class of a document  , according to its logical components organized in a logical structure. On the one hand  , the kinds of identities above attest to the naturality of our deenitions. Along the two directions of term diagnosis and expansion  , prior research has focused on identifying synonyms of query terms  , i.e. We will show that the scheme achieves good qualitative performance at a low indexing cost. This work combines the relational features of Alloy with imperative constructs  , control constructs such as loops and recursive function calls  , and full integer arithmetic support. The proposed approach was found to be effective in extracting correct translations of unknown query terms contained in the NTCIR-2 title queries and real-world Web queries. Table 5shows that probabilistic CLIR using our system outperforms the three runs using SYSTRAN  , but the improvement over the combined MT run is very small. According to the method mentioned above  , as a new session is loaded for training  , there are three steps to execute: 1. We have thus decided to combine navigational probing with FSMs and present a new method SINGLEDFA for this category. From arbitrary simple XPath expressions e1 and e2  , we can construct an XPath expression e1 ∩ e2 such that for all documents d  , e1d ∩ e2d = e1 ∩ e2d. This information  , along with the CS positions in the robot frame  , and with the map  , identifies the robot pose position and orientation. Let L1 be the source language and L2 be the target language in CLIR  , all our corpus-based methods consist of the following steps: 1. Type-2 terms are non-type-0 terms in the original query. Like the generic relationship  , aggregation does not have a userdefined counterpart because the user must define aggregation in the syntax. and their morphological variants. Table 3 gives the mean over the 50 trials of the Pearson correlation between the per-topic estimate and goldstandard values of R  , the number of relevant documents. In recent years  , more sophisticated features and models are used. First  , we discuss how to analyze the structure of a chemical formula and select features for indexing  , which is important for substructure search and similarity search. For example  , we can study the semantic similarity between relevant documents and derive an IR model to rank documents based on their pairwise semantic similarity. Each finger but the thumb is assumed to be a planar manipulator. We can obtain multiple search results rankings by sending multiple subqueries constructed in Query making to an SE. Many participating research teams reported results for word-only indexing  , making that condition useful as a baseline. The task of the horizontal model H Model is to estimate the distribution of H: P H. template. , closed itemsets  , we seek to select k itemsets whose segments cover the numerical data with as well-fitting models as possible. For example  , 16 relies on the hospital-residents problem to detect property matches. More specifically  , after learning a quality prediction function Q using 10% of the training data  , we apply it to the remaining 90% of the training data  , by multiplying the learned weight vector w with the text feature vectors of the held-out reviews. Most data visualizations  , or other uses of audio data begin by calculating a discrete Fourier transform by means of a Fast Fourier Transform. The considerable computation and space requirements such an approach would usually entail are avoided by using a sparse  , minimal feature that is easily extracted to reduce the number of features that can exist in a given scene  , and by decomposing the dimensions of transform space  , and by eliminating empty regions of transform space early in the search. The improved results suggest that the expanded terms produced by Google-set are helpful for query expansion. is the Jacobian matrix and is a function of the extrinsic and intrinsic parameters of the visual sensor as well as the number of features tracked and their locations on the image plane. In the next Section  , we review related work on various query expansion techniques. Each pattern box provides visual handles for direct manipulation of the pattern. Many automatic query expansion techniques have been proposed. Finally  , we note that the B+Q→Q curve is dominated by the Q→Q curve for smaller profiles because of the simplistic profile construction procedure we used. , on average   , G A has 17.1 nodes per query  , while G C only has 7.6 nodes per query on this topic set. The experiments on TREC Genetic programming approaches support more complex repairs but rely on heuristics and hence lack these important properties. We represent these more compactly by mapping regions from the original space to descriptor nodes that record the object count for these regions. Documents are retrieved by mapping q into the row document space of the term-document matrix  , A: Once the relevant pictograms are selected  , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. With some settings  , we outperform our best submitted runs. The Maximum a posteriori estimate MAP is a point estimate which maximizes the log of the posterior likelihood function 3. CLIR typically involve translating queries from one language to another. The effect is equivalent to that of optimizing the query using a long optimization time. We also experimented with several approaches to query and document expansion using UMLS. In contrast  , the methods in 9  first generate a finite automaton for each element name which in a second step is rewritten into a concise regular expression. Note that the likelihood function is just a function and not a probability distribution. CPL is implemented on top of an extensible query system called Kleisli2  , which is written entirely in ML 19. This is can be solved using stochastic gradient descent or other numerical methods. Our robot can select an action to be taken in the current state of the environment. , cosine similarity and Pearson correlation. The searchers tended to use more query terms on the experimental interface than the control system and more terms were added through query expansion. Instead  , one could implement a multi-pass on-disk merge sort within the reducer. In an advanced search it is possible to formulate a query by selecting several fields to search. For these kinds of data  , it is in general not advisable or even not possible to apply classical sort-based bulk loading where first  , the data set is sorted and second  , the tree is built in a bottom-up fashion. We also look at friendship probability as a function of rank where rank is the number of people who live closer than a friend ranked by distance  , and note that in general  , people who live in cities tend to have friends that are more scattered throughout the country. The expectation is that the search engine will retrieve all courses matching the query and will display them ranked based on their similarity to the input. Using this similarity in a self organizing map  , we found clusters from visitor sessions  , which allow us to study the user behavior in the web. For example  , if Cr = 0.0005 then a maximum of five results will be retained in a result set from a domain with 10 ,000 documents. For instance  , it is straightforward to show that as the number of trees increases asymptotically  , MLRF's predictions will converge to the expected value of the ensemble generated by randomly choosing all parameters and that the generalization error of MLRF is bounded above by a function of the correlation between trees and the average strength of the trees. Application designers can exploit the programmability of the tuple spaces in different ways. The reasons are two-folded. One type of cognitive tasks is machine learning. When users ask for a particular region  , a small cube within the data space  , we can map all the points in the query to their index and evaluate the query conditions over the resulting rows. , the probability of the ads displayed for query q to be clicked can be written as: After looking at the cache profile of the PartitionedSort we notice that the cache misses could be further reduced in the merge phase by fusing the sorting and merging of each of the partitions i.e. Because of this  , any estimate for which falls outside of this range is quite unlikely  , and it is reasonable to remove all such solutions from consideration by choosing appropriate bounds. The training of each single self-orgzmizing map follows the basic seiforganizing map learning rule. The Spatial Semantic Hierarchy SSH 2 The basic SSH explores the environment by selecting an alternating sequence of trajectory. , closed-chain  11  , 16  , CAD e.g. As we can see  , Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space. 0 E-Mail when detecting abnormal power consumption of an appliance  , the Watchdog component may need to send the person in charge an e-mail that contains messages about the appliance information  , power-consumption status  , working current  , occurrence time  , etc. The forcelet erected over the control variables for each behavioral goal accelerates the joint angles in a direction that changes the behavioral variable in the desired way. On average  , there are 30% more hashtags for a Twitter post compared to an Instagram post Pearson correlation coefficient = 0.34 between distributions with p-value < 10 −15 . The simplest approach toward dictionary-based CLIR is to use all the translations of query words provided by the dictionary equally 5  , 6 . This is the second year that the IR groups of Tsinghua University participated in TREC Blog Track. As mentioned above  , the semantic web and ontology based search system introduced in this study developed the next generation in search services  , such as flexible name search  , intelligence sentence search  , concept search  , and similarity search  , by applying the query to a Point Of Interest search system in wireless mobile communication systems. Kraaij 8 showed successful use of the widely used BableFish 6 translation service based on Systran. 2 Based on NIST-created TREC data  , we conduct a large-scale comparative evaluation to determine the merit of the proposed method over state-of-the-art relevance assessment crowdsourcing paradigms. Stemming can be performed before indexing  , although it is not used in this example. The mapping is straight-forward  , but space precludes us from explaining it in detail. 14  recently analyze places and events in a collection of geotagged photos using DBSCAN. Finally  , the most complex query Show me all songs from Bruce Springsteen released between 1980 and 1990 contains a date range constraint and was found too hard to answer by all systems evaluated in the QALD evaluation 5. It should be pointed out that some operations sequences are non-regular in the sense that they cannot be specified by regular expres- sions. In our experiments we did not remove any stop words  , and retained all case information  , so that every sequence of alphanumeric characters was indexed. Before Q* can be calculated with con­ ventional techniques  , the domain must be discretized. The probabilistic model of retrieval 20 does this very clearly  , but the language model account of what retrieval is about is not that clear. An information retrieval system SEARFA SEARch Flora Advanced system was implemented to allow users to search using both extracted information and keywords. We enforced C&C constraints by integrating C&C checking into query optimization and evaluation. In terms of CASE tools support  , we are testing a few mechanisms that allow generation of constraints for pattern verification as well as matching rules for pattern recovery given a UML design model. , 7  , 8  , 4 . The top performing topics from each of our sort merge and log merge experiments were used to investigate the effect of truncating the result sets before merging. The main advantages of DBSCAN are that it does not require the number of desired clusters as an input  , and it explicitly identifies outliers. The best fit between the number of trees and the learning time is given by the function T ime = #T rees · 0.22 1.65 with an adjusted R 2 coecient of 0.96. This is a fundamental task in consumer product search engines like Yahoo! The approach places documents higher in the fused ranking if they are similar to each other. We find that  , indeed   , locations with pleasant smells tend to be associated with positive emotion tags with correlation r up to 0.50  , while locations with unpleasant smells tend to be associated with negative ones. The remaining of this paper is structured as follows. the one that is to be classified with respect to a similarity or dissimilarity measure. A 6-axis force-torque sensor in the robot's hand identifies when the participant has grasped the block to begin the transfer phase of the handover. Thus the learning rate must balance the agenL's need to unlearn incorrect old informa­ tion  , while preserving old information which was correct. While she uses salience values to describe a metric of object similarity  , we have chosen a fuzzy set approach for mapping user terminology to the represented domain knowledge  , described in more detail in Kracke@ 1. This similarity may include the primary sequence over 20 basic amino acids  , or the local folding patterns in the secondary sequence alphabet of size three: α-helix  , β-sheet  , or loop  , or a combination of the two. Unlike some traditional phrase discovery methods  , the TNG model provides a systematic way to model topical phrases and can be seamlessly integrated with many probabilistic frameworks for various tasks such as phrase discovery   , ad-hoc retrieval  , machine translation  , speech recognition and statistical parsing. Use EM to infer group types and estimate the remaining parameters of the model. , statistical charts. The max-error criterion specifies the maximum number of insertion errors allowed for pattern matching. Our training set consists of 13 ,649 images; and among them  , 3 ,784 were pornography and 9 ,865 were not. Figure 4shows the distribution of trajectory times according to two adjoining distances and the best result of Q-learning. We found that setting minP ts to 10 is a good compromise between the number of false clusters and missing clusters. Section 5 presents the results  , Section 6 suggests future work  , and Section 7 concludes. The master workspace was transformed into a cylindrical shaped space to assist the operator in maintaining smooth motion along a curved surface. All these ways to calculate the similarity or correlation between users are based solely on the ratings of the users. The way to avoid an obstacle differs in two figures  , and these motions can be used as motion can- didates. Therefore  , a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search is used to optimize mean average precision by starting at the full independence parameter setting λT = 1  , λO = λU = 0. They found that annealing produced good results but was computatlona.lly expensive. Then the loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model  , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. For each top ranked search result  , they performed a limited breadth first search and found that searching to a distance of 4 resulted in the best performance. Figure 2shows two types of search achieved by the proposed method. Hence a post-sort becomes unavoidable. The CM-PMI measure consists of three steps: search results retrieval  , contextual label extraction and contextual label matching. The results of PRMS are significantly worse compared to MLM in our settings  , which indicates that the performance of this model degrades in case of a large number of fields in entity descriptions. Our model construction approach was similar to the so-called growth modelling 6  , in which first null models without predictors are fitted and then both random and fixed factors are progressively introduced to the model. In all commercial systems  , the DMP is set " statically "   , that is  , when the system is started up and configured according to the administrator's specification. If two words are semantically similar  , the cosine similarity – as per Equation 3 – of their word vectors is higher. LLDL is particularly useful for learning collocations because it contains a large amount of genuine text and provides useful search facilities. However  , this definition does not account for dangling nodes i.e. 319- index for all the possible pose sets  , Zhuang et al. Moreover   , pignistic Shannon entropy is computed based on the derived crisp evidence structure. The prototypes of data objects must be considered during entity matching to find patterns. 6 for large datasets is to use mini-batch stochastic gradient descent. This representation greatly simplifies collision checking and the search for a path. For reference comparison  , we report the performance of using the measures to directly predict the quality of the initial QL-based ranking  , as originally proposed. This is because we aim to compare the word embeddings with different approaches instead of finding the best method for document embeddings. We set α = 0.025  , context window size m to 10 and size of the word embedding d to be 200 unless stated otherwise. We start by formulating the integrated language model with query segmentation based on the probabilistic ranking prin- ciple 15. system  , with rules maximizing recall  , 2 Pass the grammar annotated data through an ML system based on Carreras  , X. et al  , 2003  , and 3 In the spirit of Mikheev  , A. et al  , 1998 perform partial matching on the text. The physician is interested in the immediate finding of articles where relevance is defined by the semantic similarity to some kind of prototype abstract delivered by the specialist. ratio of the number of the nodes saved using the respective method to the number of nodes that would be saved by the greedy method were we to have complete data Λ  , Σ  , Ξ. Furthermore  , all of these search engines Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. We created two systems with nearly identical user interfaces and search capabilities  , but with one system ignorant of the speech narrative. The remaining data are fed to a random forest classifier 4. The idea behind the method is relatively simple  , but the effective use of it is not. Thus  , while batch-mode experiments evaluating the effectiveness of automatic query expansion have been favorable  , experiments involving users have had mixed results. Typically  , the optimization finishes within 30 iterations. The vertical axis is the location of passages in the book with page 1 at the top. In particular  , obtaining the desired cloth configuration is a key element to the success of this task. By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. Then clearly q is a stable transfer function. For finding meta-index entries that contain terms of interest to the user  , the Search Meta-Index page provides a search engine that allows users to drill down on search results through three views. For navigation  , the mapping is served as the classifier for the distribution of features in sensor space and the corresponding control commands. Both can be applied for annotating a text document automatically. Crowdsourcing can be used to produce relevance judgements for documents 2  , books 16  , 17  , or entities 5. In this section  , we try to make use of the translated corpus to enhance MLSRec-I. Unstructured PLSA and Structured PLSA  , are good at picking up a small number of the most significant aspects when K is small. A Q-value is the discounted expected on-line return for per­ forming an action at the current state. The basic idea is to produce an accurate ranking function by combining many " weak " learners. Our technique takes as input a program  , a set of successful positive testcases that encode required program behavior  , and a failing negative testcase that demonstrates a defect. Computing a spatial path that achieves these objectives analytically demands the knowledge of a deposition rate function that provides a relationship between the spatial location of the applicator with the spray gun and film accumulation on the surface. Document expansion combined with vector space model improves retrieval results. 5 how to enrich the space representation of the topic with the conceptual semantics of words. Put another way  , the parent relation is clustered optimally for NL-SORT since it is in unique2 order. Previous work 10  , 18  , 25 on mining alternating specifications has largely focused on developing efficient ranking and selection mechanisms . Specifically  , we use the Pearson correlation coefficient: To evaluate the authority scores computed by our methods  , we rank the authors in decreasing order by their scores  , and compare our ranking with the ranking of users ordered by their Votes and Stars values. The guiding principle is making good use of type information available in both a query and its environment 11 in which it is evaluated. As in the experiments in search diversity  , the λ parameter in xQuAD and RxQuAD is chosen to optimize for ERR-IA on each dataset. A standard approach to optimize search and query in the vocabulary is to maintain a tree-based data structure 17– 19. Searching can be as simple as token matching Math- World or pattern matching 15. —the first system for homepage finding. The classifier was trained on the Blog06 text collection first  , and then applied to the posts in the Blog08 text collection to estimate the probability of each post being relevant to the query. But performance is a problem if dimensionality is high. Based on the closed loop poles and zeros as given in the previous section  , the closed loop transfer function is written as Fig.15shows the performance of the experimental system when zero phase tracking control. One of the key problems of genetic programming is that it is a nondeterministic procedure. The details will be presented in Section 4. The code generator or translator produces a sequence of function calls in Adept's robot programming language  , V+  , that implement the given plan in our workcell. While it is possible to optimize objective functions by estimating the gradients lo  it is far more desirable to provide analytical gradients  , both for improving the performance of the optimizer 18  fewer computations of the cost function are needed and also to increase the accuracy of the gradient. At last  , all gathered pages are reranked with their similarity. In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. The proliferation of information available on the web makes search a critical application. The difference of CMAR from other associative classification methods is that for every pattern  , CMAR maintains the distribution of various class labels among data objects matching the pattern. 6  , is the limiting factor to draw individual samples from each hypothesis set. The walker lays a softmax-like smoothing over the in-degrees of all target nodes e deg − s/10 ; it then chooses the next node according to given probability leading to a small stochastic effect. On the contrary  , HTML tags and other features such as keywords can be used in order to infer the relevance of changes. Watchpoint descriptions begin with a list of module names. The occurrence of sub-itemsets in the search space is a threat when answer completeness is required. A data structure for organizing model features has been set up to facilitate model-based tracking. In this demo  , we highlight the schema-based optimization SQO on one abstraction level. , 14  , 11  , in this paper we also focus on the induction of bilingual word embeddings BWEs  , and show how to use BWEs in cross-lingual information retrieval tasks. In conclusion  , the TBD problem for the satellite docking operation is characterized by: a very large search space a high computation cost for evaluating the fitness of a a very small fraction of feasible designs a small probability of reaching these feasible designs through statistical hill-climbing. Outlier removal using distributional methods proceeds by fitting a model to the observed distribution and then selecting a tail probability say 0.1% to use as a definition of an outlier. Traditional search engines  , such as Google  , do not perform any semantic integration but offer a basic keyword search service over a multitude of web data sources. Let us suppose there is a classifier such as h  , which is defined as h : R → C  , where h is a many-to-one mapping of the documents to the binary class space. In all conditions  , the search system displayed a spinning wheel when it was busy. Boolean operators and uncertainty operators have to be evaluated in a different way from the evaluation of semantic operators. Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. Finally  , our focus is on static query optimization techniques. An SDTD is restrained competition iff all regular expressions occurring in rules restrain competi- tion. Existing tools like RepeatMasker 12 only solve the problem of pattern matching  , rather than pattern discovery without prior knowledge. The performance of the stacked model does not come without cost  , however. The function is represented as a tree composed of arithmetic operators and the log function as internal nodes  , and different numerical features of the query and ad terms as leafs. As pointed out by Charikar 5   , the min-wise independent permutations method used in Shingling is in fact a particular case of a locality sensitive hashing LSH scheme introduced by Indyk and Motwani 12. The input to our random forest is all categorical  , and is given as key-value pairs. Selecting a set of words relevant to the query would reduce the effect of less-relevant interpretation words affecting the calculation. In 13   , the query containment problem under functional dependencies and inclusion dependencies is studied. 1. The research question is: pattern. However  , they all have the scalability problem mentioned above. We address the problem of parallel query optimization  , which is to find optimal parallel plans for executing SQL queries. PropBank was manually annotated with verbargument structures. In addition  , other dictionaries were built to perform query expansion. Using σ G s as a surrogate for user assessments of semantic similarity  , we can address the general question of how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. Thus  , though there has been some interest in the past especially with respect to handling variation and normalization of transliterated text  , on the whole the challenge of IR in the mixed-script space is largely neglected. The idea of using integrity constraints to optimize queries is not new. Based on the above discussions   , the force compensator transfer-function K  s = A large admittance corresponds to a rapid motion induced by a p plied forces; while a small admittance represents a slow reaction to contact forces. Moreover  , patterns can only be determined from the unencrypted segment i.e. Then the model tries to learn a mapping from the image feature space to a joint space n R : The conditional equations use the binary function equala  , b which is a predefined expression of TPTP syntax and represents the equality relation. Question mark applied to an atom  , e.g. The proportion of customers missing data for the number of port is large 44% and the customer population where data are missing may be different  , making conventional statistical treatment of missing data e.g. They show that  , by including the click-through data  , their model achieves better performance compared to the PLSA. Set NEXTcompriijes all functions In order to develop such supervisors we will construct a recursive function supervisor parameterized by functions next E NEXT. Definition 5. For instance  , for any candidate point  , if the global information can be guessed from the local information  , then global data about this point is less likely to be informative. More recently  , Brewington & Cybenko consider the burden that modification rates place on search engines 9 . We also briefly discuss how the expand operator can be used in query optimization when there are relations with many duplicates. We were successful in selecting similar developers: the ratio between the largest and smallest developer coefficients was 2.2  , which would mean that the least efficient developer would require 120% additional effort to make a change compared to the most efficient developer  , but Table 2: Results from model fitting. Synonym expansion can increase the number of words in each query greatly  , depending on the query and the number of synonyms found. Uses of probabilistic language model in information retrieval intended to adopt a theoretically motivated retrieval model. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. 12 See http://code.google.com/apis/ajaxsearch/local.html  , last re- 4. A closer look at the transfer function T shows that it has two zeroes at FO  , and can be well approximated b\s the following expression: Here mission similarity refers to the likelihood that two queries appear in the same mission   , while missions are sequences of queries extracted from users' query logs through a mission detector. However   , it is a little surprising that the largest improvement in retrieval performance was found with simplest method of term selection and weighting for query expansion. Some simple context search methods use the similarity measure to compute similarity between a document and context bag-of-words or word vector. These previous studies suggested that query expansion based on term co-occurrences is unlikely to significantly improve performance 18. , 10  , 22  , 24 as long as the models can be modified to deal with weighted instances. Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. Its calculation depends on both the imputation strategy ϕ and the distance function δ. Preferences such as interest domain and programming language  , as well as characteristics of the application being developed along with a ranking method would improve the relevance of the returned results. This generates more than 1000 examples positive set in this corpus. Let C  0  denote the transfer function of a nondimensional controller   , such that   , Since this is an initial investigation into scaling laws for controllers   , the theory developed here is only applicable t o frequency domain controllers. The choice is motivated bytheshape of the observed reliability growth curve. Mitosis is essential because  , after some training  , there can be nodes that try to single-handedly model two distinctly different clusters. As a result  , it may have false positives. A good review of these approaches are presented in I. In this work  , we develop the MindFinder system  , which is a bilateral interactive image search engine by interactive sketching and tagging. We find that it is more effective than DBSCAN in discovering functional areas in those three cities. In this work  , a significant pattern is obtained from the matching of a pair of sequences. Thus  , to efficiently maintain an up-to-date collection of hidden-Web sources  , a crawling strategy must perform a broad search and simultaneously avoid visiting large unproductive regions of the Web. These operations are executed through the standard semaphore technique Dijkstra DijSS using only one lock type. The Arabic topics were used in our monolingual experiments and the English topics in our CLIR experiments. When the robot is initially started  , it signals the MissionLab console that it is active and loads the parameters for random hazards. 1 Correlation Between Objective functions and Parame­ ters: The correlation between the parameters and objectives is assessed by computing the Pearson correlation coefficient R as a summary statistic. To the best of our knowledge  , word embedding techniques have not been applied before to solve information retrieval tasks in SE. We also found query expansion to be another valuable strategy. Most of the work in evaluating search effectiveness has followed the Text REtrieval Conference TREC methodology of using a static test collection and manual relevance judgments to evaluate systems. We show how simulations may help in the section below. For each query  , traditional query expansion often selects expansion term by co-occurrence statistics. Similarly  , for query expansion  , we need to analyze all 2 n combinations of expansion terms from the n suggested by PRF. The top part shows the selected book's meta-data: its author  , title  , year of publication  , domain  , where it was obtained  , etc. We present optimization strategies for various scenarios of interest. For each context pattern and each snippet search engine returned  , select the words matching tag <A> as the answer. High and low values were chosen empirically based on reasonable values for level ground and hill climbing. p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. However  , allowing edit operations such as insertions of symbols and inverted symbols indicated by using '−' as a superscript to the symbol and corresponding to matching an edge in the reverse direction  , each at an assumed cost of 1  , the regular expression airplane can be successively relaxed to the regular expression name − · airplane · name  , which captures as answers the city names of Temuco and Chillan. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: We know that these query optimizations can greatly improve performance. Without the users the method would merely be a theory. In particular  , we will be able to find out what queries have been used to retrieve what documents  , and from that  , to extract strong relationships between query terms and document terms and to use them in query expansion. The type of RegExp used depends on the question category and may be a simple keyword-based RegExp or a sophisticated multi-RegExp expression. In blog seed retrieval tasks  , we are interested in finding blogs with relevant and recurring interests for given topics . Likewise query rewrite and optimization is more complex for XML queries than for relational queries. We then rank the documents in the L2 collection using the query likelihood ranking function 14. For ICTNETVS1  , they calculated a term frequency based similarity score between queries and verticals. As results shown  , Dyna-Q architecture accelerates the learning rate greatly and gets better Q-value rate because planning are made in the learned model. The NCSTRL+ DL interface is based on our extensions to the Dienst protocol to provide a testbed for experimentation with buckets  , clusters  , and interoperability. For example  , using TopicInfo Corpus  , we may get the relevance between the tweet link and user's query while using Origin Corpus  , we can get the content relevance between the query and the tweet text. The probability that a query T 1   , T 2   , · · ·   , T n of length n is generated by the language model of the document with identifier D is defined by the following equation: The robot learns a sensorimotor mapping and affordance categorizations and projects the mapping into the future to exploit affordances . 7  proposed a new approach to automatically generate term weighting strategies for different contexts  , based on genetic programming GP. Thus we have arrived at the following method for detecting anomalies in a program with flowchart G. Let R be the regular expression for the paths in G. R may be mapped into an expression E in A where the node identifiers are replaced by the elements of A that represent the variable usage. Thirteen groups participated in the CLIR track introduced in TREC-6  , with documents and queries in German   , English  , French and queries in Dutch and Spanish as well. Add items to the search engine indices. The former classifies the candidate documents into vital or useful  , while the latter classifies the candidate documents into relevant vital + useful or irrelevant neutral + garbage. A query is expanded using words or phrases with similar meanings to increase the chance of retrieving more relevant documents 14. Datasets for both evaluations were constructed to be the same size in order to make the results comparable. Thus we can benefit from the proposed query optimization techniques of Section 3 even if we do not have any stored kernels in the database. We note that this results in faster convergence for the already computed dimensions. In the CAR example  , assume methods to deliver it to the dealer  , to sell a car  , and to destroy it. It was seen that the derived transfer function agreed identically with the analytic optimal spring solution presented. To handle this 1-n generation  , we found it convenient to code the set of candidate answers using a regular expression. 3 In case some attributes are non-nullable  , we use SET DEFAULT to reset attributes values to their default value. Therefore  , some care is needed when adding groupings to order optimization  , as a slowdown of plan generation would be unacceptable . The central contribution of this work is the observation that a perfect document ranking system does not necessarily lead to an upper-bound expert search performance. Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. Thus  , the choice of the optimal feature sets may require a preliminary feature construction phase. Further  , 7  do the same for query ics which implicitly express a temporal expression e.g. For example  , the pattern language for Java names allows glob-style wildcards  , with " * " matching a letter sequence and "  ? " Section 7 concludes and points out some future research work. , in terms of purity and precision. A deep redesign implementing the DELOS Reference Model2 must cover this lack  , as it is intended to be a common framework for the broad coverage of the digital library universe. Christensen  , Møller and Schwartzbach developed a string analyzer for Java  , which approximates the value of a string expression with a regular language 7. The second component is a set of queries that might reasonably be applied to that collection. This time  , however  , only the first primary descriptor assigned to the document was used  , assuming that this is the most important descriptor for the respective document. We focus on using different retrieval methods and query expansion methods for improving the retrieval effectiveness. For each given query  , we use this SEIFscore to rank search engines. This work investigates the effect of the following techniques in reducing HTML document size  , both individually and in combination:  general tidying-up of document  , removal of proprietary tags  , folding of whitespace; Because the HTML under consideration is automatically generated and fits the DTD  , the parser need not be able to handle incorrect HTML; it can be much less robust than the parsers used by web browsers. Whereas the vector space model used in the SMART system has an inherent relationship between term reweighing and query expansion  , the probabilistic model has no built-in provision for query expan- si~ although query expansion is known to be important. Additional parameters are tuned by running a hill-climbing search on the training data. QGM Optimization then makes semantic transformations to the QGM  , using a distinct set of sophisticated rewrite rules that transform the QGM query into a " better " one  , i.e. It was also shown in 9  that for noncollocated position measurements  , the locations of the right half plane zeros of the resulting transfer function are highly sensitive to errors in model parameters and the distance between the actuator and the sensor. The only exception is the combination of the click logs and the Web ngrams. The goals of our fellowship are to raise awareness of the need for proper data management and preservation as well as to promote data curation as a professional activity. Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. We show that  , unfortunately  , there exist non-convex polygonal parts that despite asymmetry cannot be fed using inside-out pull actions. Web services search is mainly based on the UDDI registry that is a public broker allowing providers to publish services. We discuss three issues in this section. In fact  , in view of Property 4  , we caii always desigii an output function y such that tlie associated transfer function lias no zeros i.e. , the low percentage of defective entities in the target project. Query expansion occasionally hurts a query by adding bad terms. This result is in agreement with 27 albeit we perform this comparison on a much higher number of datasets. Different meta-path based ranking features and learning to rank model can be used to recommend nodes originally linked to v Q i via these removed edges. In 10 the content of pages is considered in order to propagate relevance scores only over the subset of links pointing to pages on a specific topic. To our knowledge  , no theoretically well founded framework for distributed retrieval is known so far that integrates acceptable non-heuristic solutions to the two problems. To the best of our knowledge  , the problem of discovering accurate link specifications has only been addressed in very recent literature by a small number of approaches: The SILK framework 14  now implements a batch learning approach to discovery link specifications based on genetic programming which is similar to the approach presented in 6. for the query COOH  , COOH gets an exact match high score  , HOOC reverse match medium score  , and CHO2 parsed match low score. Each drive system is modeled by a discrete time transfer function  , expressed as a numerator and a denominator polynomial. Denote these distances Of  , ..  , 0 ," for the robot position X . However  , we believe that the optimization of native SPARQL query engines is  , nevertheless   , an important issue for an efficient query evaluation on the Semantic Web. 5illustrates the impact of the variable k. In light of TF*IDF  , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. It can be seen that the classifiers that produced the best results were the Random Forest classifier for the HTML features  , the J48 classifier for the Java- Script features  , and the J48 classifier for the URL-and host-based features. The fact that our approach outperformed one of the best commercial MT systems indicates that some specific translation tools designed for query translation in CLIR may be better than on-the-shelf MT systems. We write NCM Y X to denote a neural click model with representation X QD  , QD+Q  , QD+Q+D and configuration Y RNN  , LSTM. We use the official intents as atomic intents to avoid reassessing relevance of the documents. Our model is general and simple so that it can be used to efficiently and effectively measure the similarity between any two documents with respect to certain contexts or concepts in information retrieval. In this representation   , even though  , the GA might come up with two fit individuals with two competing conventions  , the genetic operators such aa crossover  , will not yield fitter individuals. The objective function can be solved by the stochastic gradient descent SGD. The NDCG plots for the user independent rating imputation method are shown in Figure 4. This syntactical variety of references is represented using an or operator in the regular expression. Surprisingly  , our simple rule based heuristic performed better than a support vector machine. It is easy to see that APS r with r in the 0.3 to 0.35 range has the highest Pearson correlation coefficient when compared to human subjects. Several well studied codes like the Huffman and Shannon- Fano codes achieve 1 + HD bits/tuple asymptotically  , using a dictionary that maps values in D to codewords. The servo control was implemented by integrating a high speed low resolution vision system with the cell controller  , and it was applied simultaneously with a tension servo control. In the simplest model  , it studies the compression of sequences emitted by 0 th -order information sources – ones that generate values i.i.d independent and identically distributed from a probability distribution D. Shannon's celebrated source coding theorem 3 says that one cannot code a sequence of values in less than HD bits per value on average  , where HD = Σ icD p i lg 1/p i  is the entropy of the distribution D with probabilities p i . Finally  , we build a large set of manual relevance judgments to compare with our automatic evaluation method and find a moderately strong .71 Pearson positive correlation. For the domain-specific query expansion  , only 36 queries were expanded. The velocity sensor is composed of two separate components: a sensing layer containing the loop of copper in which voltage is induced and a support layer that wraps around the sensing layer after folding to restrict the sensor's movement to one degree of freedom. Heat transfer and temperature distributions during welding are complex and a solution to the equations is dependent on the thermal conductivity  , specific heat and density of the mass as a function of temperature. 3: The Ager  , that computes the ages and age levels for links  , and the Strategy Manager  , that provides access to a repository of aging strategies. The first 1 ,000 iterations of MCMC chains were discarded as an initial burn-in period. Once the number has been identified  , it is tagged with a NUMEX tag  , and the type field of this tag is set with the appropriate name Figure 6. All subjects were presented with the same 40 links. This demand is used to empower a market-level model based on game theory that details the situation the companies in the market are in  , delivering an integrated picture of customers and competitors alike. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection  , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. The results of the rating question on relevance suggested that users believed the returned sets were not always semantically relevant. In this way  , the model is able to learn character level " topic " distribution over the features of both scripts jointly. The experiment results show that The basic tie-breaking framework is more effective than the traditional retrieval method in tweets retrieval. After subjects completed the initial query evaluation  , they were directed to a search engine results page SERP containing a list of ten search results. Furthermore  , a method for utilising the HSS as the basis for Support-Vector Machine person recognition was detailed. is a Pearson correlation between the ranks of the active user and the user i concerning objects in X ai . The decoder can handle position-dependent  , cross-word triphones and lexicons with contextual pronunciations. Thus we have 21 scene features for hypothesis generation  , 10 of which are valid features of PRISM5. Other approaches such as D2RQ offer a limited set of built-in functions e.g. Additionally  , we could show that it is possible to precisely predict the action  , by using a Support Vector Machine. The skill mapping SM gives the relation between the desired object trajectory This skill mapping SM maps from the 6-dimensional object position and orientation space to the 3n- dimensional contact point space. In all scenes  , the policies are learned incrementally and efficiently. It is obviously that this query expansion operation dramatically enriches the content of query. Now we define the evaluation of complex graph patterns by operations on sets of variable assignments similar to 11  , 13. Simulated Annealing devised by Kirkpatrick  , et. Query expansion involves adding new words and phrases to the existing search terms to generate an expanded query. The best regular expression in the candidate set C is now the deterministic one that minimizes both model and data encoding cost. We then apply the space-filling curve to this future position to obtain the second component of Equation 1. The goal of this work is to improve attribute prediction in dynamic domains by incorporating the influence of timevarying links into statistical relational models. In the above argument we established that the iterative program will terminate whenever the original recursive program does and that the two programs will then return the same value. As for a rule  , the relation is interesting when the antecedent provides a great deal of information Gini index G  of the information content of a rule 21. A gold standard that  , for each query  , provides the list of the relevant documents used to evaluate the results provided by the CLIR system. To the best of our knowledge  , the majority of previous works aim either at building a search model per user or at building common search models for users with similar search interests. If the objective function value of the successor MP C  is lower than that of the current best partition MP C  , we move to the successor with a In this paper  , we propose to use CLQS as an alternative to query translation  , and test its effectiveness in CLIR tasks. The likelihood function formed by assuming independence over the observations: In this section  , we describe how to apply the structural function inlining to structurally recursive queries in XQuery. the person in charge For promptly sending warning messages to the person in charge  , a message delivery mechanism is designed in the Watchdog component. , considering temporal features 6. We can show that the new hyperparameters are given by A major benefit of S-PLSA + lies in its ability to continuously update the hyperparameters. The best example of this is the vector space model which allows one to talk about the task of retrieval apart from implementation details such as storage media  , and data structures 15. We then propose four basic types of formula search queries: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. Closing of the page or time outs are encoded as E. For example the trail in the example will be encoded to the string SSV V SSV P . The general trend for most of the categories is that demand increases as size of document increases  , the exception being perceived performance where the values decrease as document size increases. Similarly  , we redefine all accessors to record structures for records owned by the terminal as calls to protocol transfer functions which: The functions mentioned above all behave in the following way: some data function parameters or record instances to be accessed is passed to the opposite partition and then some task is performed by that partition on the data. The score function to be maximized involves two parts: i the log-likelihood term for the inliers  The problem is thus an optimization problem. Given two sets of terms x and y  , we measure their co-existence level by International organizations  , governments of multi-lingual countries  , to name the most important ones  , have been traditional users of CLIR systems. The recent rapid expansion of access to information has significantly increased the demands on retrieval or classification of sentiment information from a large amount of textual data. This feature had a Pearson correlation of 0.56 with coreness  , considerably higher than COGENT's 0.3. They do not report on the users' accuracy on the information-seeking tasks ad- ministered. The same check applies to every other pair of IP address and port where this certificate is used. While videogames represent an important part of our cultural and economic landscape  , deep theory development in the field of Game Studies  , particularly theory related to creativity  , is lacking. We are currently working on folding in our classifier module into a web-scale crawler. We now examine the bid variation in accounts. With the mapping probabilities estimated as described above  , the probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S can use these as weights for combining the scores from each field PQLw|fj into a document score  , as follows: Also  , PM Fj denotes the prior probability of field Fj mapped into any query term before observing collection statistics. However  , no results have been produced for mixed level arrays using these methods. Some researchers minimize a convex upper bound 17 on the objective above: The central challenge in learning to rank is that the objective q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y is highly discontinuous; its gradient is either zero or undefined at any given point w. The vast majority of research on learning to rank is con-cerned with approximating the objective with more benign ones that are more tractable for numerical optimization of w. We review a few competitive approaches in recent work. Our performance experiments demonstrate the efficiency and practical viability of TopX for ranked retrieval of XML data. LCE is a robust query expansion technique based on MRF- IR. For example  , a sentence Q = w1  , w2  , w3  , ..  , wn will be transformed into a sentence matrix M ∈ R n×m where n is the length of sentence and m is the dimensionality of vector representation. As a search strategy  , A* search enriched by ballooning has been proposed. The search of a meaningful representation of the time series   , and the search of an appropriate similarity measure for comparing time series. A more effective method of handling natural question queries was developed recently by Lu et al. Appropriate labels must be given for input boxes and placed above or to the left of the input boxes. We assume that the torque sensor output is composed of various harmonic waves whose frequencies are unknown. Alternatively  , missing values can be imputed with several methods starting from simple imputation of the mean value of the feature for each missing value to complex modeling of missing values. A gateway is a boundary between qualitatively different regions of the environment: in the basic SSH  , the boundary between trajectory-following and hill-climbing applicability. Most research are focused on analyzing microarray gene expression either to determine significant pathways that contribute to a phenotype of interest or deal with features genes selection problem. 6.1 for details on the configuration of each tested model. To build a global catalogue of a user's personal information space  , each file needs to have a unique and non-ambiguous mapping between a global namespace and its actual location. , BK89  , CCY94  , KM92. 'h LCA expansion has higher precision at low recall levels. Typical cross reactions between similar patterns are actually desired and illustrate a certain tolerance for inexact matching. Model-based rating-oriented CF learns a model based on the observed ratings to make rating predictions. The resultant predictors  , which differ by the inter-entity similarity measure employed  , are denoted AC rep=score;sim=doc and AC rep=score;sim=type. Finally  , there is growing concern about the fact that the world is dependent on a few quasi-monopolistic search engines. For each item participants were given a brief summary and asked to provide up to five search queries to search for similar items. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . The second approach is to launch G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in some document  , e.g. Notable examples include the Pearson-Correlation based approach 16  , the vector similarity based approach 4  , and the extended generalized vector-space model 20. Therefore  , when the likelihood of a region x in a test image is computed  , concepts whose pdf's were estimated from " similar looking " vectors rt will have high a posteriori probability 6. image regions rt from all images labeled with c contribute to the estimate of the probability density function pdf f x|c. The tool compares extracted EUC models to our set of template EUC interaction patterns that represent valid  , common ways of capturing EUC models for a wide variety of domains. Our contributions are as follows: We pose bid phrase recommendation as a multi-label learning problem with ten million labels. The average mutual information Shannon entropy decrease measures the average information shared by the antecedent and the consequent. The term selection relies on the overall similarity between the query concept and terms of the collection rather than on the similarity between a query term and the terms of the collection. of edge labels is a string in the language denoted by the regular expression R appearing in Q. sort-merge 8  , 9  , 10  , the spatial indexing 12   , and the sequential index- ing 5  , 13. In The global search tries to find a path on a d-C-Lres by using a graph search method  , as shown in When the serial local search fails in finding a local path between adjacent sub-goals in a SgSeq as shown in an alternative SgSeq found by the global search during the 2nd trial. For the case that only the drive factors are incomplete  , LRSRI can obtain better imputation results than other imputation methods  , which indicates the effectiveness of the low-rank recovery technique with our designed data structurization strategy. A particular classifier configuration can be evaluated over a set of over 10000 images with several lights per image by a few hundred computers in under a second. Stochastic hill climbing does not examine all successors before deciding how to move. The lamp was fabricated in the same manner as the switch  , but with a different fold pattern and shape. This means we can only include targets for which our methods find at least K source candidates which naturally shrinks the set of test targets. To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. The importance factor is a weighting for particles that indicates the likelihood of the particle state being the true vehicle state. This toleration factor reflects the inherent resolving limitation of a given relevance scoring function  , and thus within this toleration factor  , the ranking of documents can be seen as arbitrary. To select query terms  , the document frequencies of terms must be established to compute idf s before signature file access. Thus  , in unstructured CLIR queries unimportant search keys and irrelevant translation equivalents tend to dominate and depress the effect of important keys. However  , because of using a single iterator as above  , Bidirectional search does not generate multiple trees with the same root ,unlike Backward search. ■ Second  , to check if a step that marks up distinctively structured parts of the text is complete  , we can use regular expression patterns: The respective XPath test can check if a piece of the document text matches a specific pattern  , but is not marked up accordingly . The indexing relation is of the kind defined in IOTA Ker84In this chapter we present  , first  , the query language structure. The "." These machine learning methods usually learn much more compact codes than LSH since they are more complicated. One aspect of our work extends CPPL to include match statements that perform pattern matching. Quality assessment independent of a specific application will be discussed in the following  , whereas an evaluation of the alignments for use in CLIR can be found in section 4. It is a probabilistic model that considers documents as binary vectors and ranks them in order of their probability of relevance given a query according to the Probability Ranking Principle 2. shows  , there is a clear positive correlation Pearson r=0.845  , p < 0.001  , suggesting that Westerners who live in Middle Eastern countries tend to tweet more with #JSA than those who live in the West. Each weight of CMAC has an additional information to store a count of updation of the weight. For text categorization  , 90% of the data were randomly selected as the training set while the other 10% were used for testing. Taily's effectiveness was en par with the best-measured effectiveness of Rank-S with P = 0.02 and P = 0.04. We generated AR 1 time-series of length 256. The second source of information used in query expansion is UMLS Metathesaurus 2. 2-4; ||·|| indicate the 2- norm of the model parameters and λ is the regularization rate. The search result for a single query from the ad-hoc task is a list of structured data; each contains a web TREC-ID and the extracted main body of content. On the other hand  , a more standard assumption in economic theory is the ET game; in the ET game  , if there are ties the revenue is shared equally. Using two Twitter datasets  , our results show that the new Word Embedding-based metrics outperform the PMI/LSA-based ones in capturing the coherence of topics in terms of robustness and efficientness. Folded testing. Equations 1-5 represent a few simple formulas that are used in this study. The model can be directly used to derive quantitative predictions about term and link occurrences. We use this value to predict user's interest in a page which he has not yet visited but which other users have. The basic assumption of a cognitive basis for a semantic distance effect over thesaurus terms has been investigated by Brooks 8  , in a series of experiments exploring the relevance relationships between bibliographic records and topical subject descriptors. This section describes an important when there is an acceleration or deceleration  , the amplitude is greater than a threshold. The PSOM concept SI can be seen as the generalization of the SOM with the following three main extensions: the index space S in the Kohonen map is generalized to a continuous mapping manifold S E Etm. Summary-based optimization The rewritten query can be more efficient if it utilizes the knowledge of the structural summary. Most characters match themselves. higher than expansion keys gave middle range results. Compared with Unstructured PLSA  , this method models the co-occurrence of head terms at the level of the modifiers they use instead of at the level of comments they occur. Similarity name search Similarity name searches return names that are similar to the query. However  , most existing research on semantic hashing is only based on content similarity computed in the original keyword feature space. , between 0.6-0.95 with small lead time less than 2 weeks  , but the Pearson correlation decreases all the way below 0 while lead time increases to 20. We proposed a context-based CLIR tool  , to support the user  , in having a certain degree of confidence about the translation. In the case of discrete data the likelihood measures the probability of observing the given data as a function of θ θ θ. Maximizing the likelihood function is equivalent to maximizing the logarithm of the likelihood function  , so The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. , d * = argmax d cos u b − ua + uc  , u d . Pattern Matching In our case  , a highly optimized routine of the MATROX library 19  was employed using hierarchical search. To that end  , we study the performance of the representativeness measures Clarity  , WIG  , NQC  , QF when predicting the quality of the ranking induced by the relevance model over the entire corpus 6 . Indeed  , the computational strategy adopted consists of a hierarchical model fitting  , which limits the range of labeling possibilities. , metalinks are " meta " relationships. One promising technique to circumvent this is soft pattern matching. , it carries out a similarity search 7. 12 and 13show the concave and convex transition of climbing up hill respectively. Subsequently  , TermPicker calculates various feature values for each candidate x in conjunction with the query-SLP slp q . Since deterministic regular expressions like a * define infinite languages  , and since every non-empty finite language can be defined by a deterministic expression as we show in the full version of this paper 9  , it follows that also the class of deterministic regular expressions is not learnable in the limit. We also implemented a full merge of the index lists followed by a partial sort to obtain the top-k results. Consider the links of the 4 bar&structure shown in Figure 5  , with a mass of 0.24 mg/mm length. Mathematical details of support vector machine can be found in 16J. Then the initial query is divided into several queries for different search focus. We simulate exploratory navigation by performing decentralized search using a greedy search strategy on the search pairs. Game theory based robot control has similarly focused on optimization of strategic behavior by a robot in multi-robot scenarios. This is a very important issue since if the rules were applied in an unordered and exhaustive manner there would be the problem of exponential explosion of the search space. A version of the corpus is annotated with various linguistic information such as part-of-speech  , morphology  , UMLS semantic classes. In the case of a physician  , the search is performed on technical article collections  , which include medical research publications. However  , in some other cases there is no significant benefit3  , 14  , even if the user likes interacting with expansion terms. , 20  , 5 . We overcome this problem by actually downloading the pages  , analyzing them linguistically  , and matching the patterns instead of merely generating them and counting their Google hits. However  , imputation can be very expensive as it significantly increases the amount of ratings  , and inaccurate imputation may distort the data consider- ably 17. The transfer function relating the contact force to the commanded force F  , and the environment position X  , is: Whether the European Article Number EAN or the Global Trade Item Number GTIN is mapped depends on the type-attribute supplied with the BMEcat element. RQ3: Do the word embedding training heuristics improve the ranking performance  , when added to the vanilla Skip-gram model ? However  , because objects are organized into lineal formations  , the larger Eps is  , the larger void pad is. The Mean and STD are the average and the standard deviation of the Pearson correlation value calculated from the five trials. to transform one string to the other. In many cases  , however  , the reviews are continuously becoming available  , with the sentiment factors constantly changing. Following common practice 2   , prediction quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the true average precision AP@1000 for the queries  , as determined using the relevance judgments in the qrels files  , and the values assigned to these queries by a predictor. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , overtraining is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. Soergel describes a general framework for the use of multilingual thesauri in CLIR 27   , noting that a number of operational European systems employ multilingual thesauri such as UDC and LCSH for indexing and searching. Incorporating this additional semantic fact could have helped to improve the relevance of retrieved results. The second query also uses a different set of expansion keywords usually fewer. We designed our method for databases and files where records are stored once and searched many times. Figure 2: Query to find cities connected by sequences of flights with at most two airlines. In this section  , we discuss how the methods discussed to up to this point extend to more general situations. We show how the function s may be estimated in a manner similar to the one used for w above  , and we empirically compare the performance of the recency-based model versus the quality-based model. The motor characteristics were based upon the Pitt ,nmn Elcom 4113 motor. In this paper we present a randomized and hill-climbing technique which starts with an initial priority scheme and optimizes this by swapping two randomly chosen robots. For topic 59  , query expansion does not recognize one equivalence in the query statements  , the equivalence between " storm-related " and " weather-related. " What this means is that though we could not find a relationship between specific search features and specific search tasks  , there was an increase in the number of search support features used as the search task became more complex and exploratory. Lib exposes a public API  , createSocket  , which constructs Socket objects on behalf of its clients. AOs can either subscribe to a specific event or to an event pattern. In the following we demonstrate how to handle an inductive proof in our system by proving a simple lemma end with On  , which expresses that at the end of the special intervals the heater is on. The regular expression is a simple example for an expression that would be applied to the content part of a message. We discussed a model of retrieval that bridges a gap between the classical probabilistic models of information retrieval  , and the emerging language modeling approaches. Yet  , the values of the likelihood function provide a simple sort of confidence level for the interval estimates. We experimentally address the question of how many example strings are needed to learn a regular expression with crx and iDTD. To minimize the impact of author name ambiguity problem  , the random forest learning 34  is used to disambiguate the author names so that each vertex represents a distinct author. Unlike stochastic relaxakion methods such as simulated annealing  , we cannot ensure that the global minimum of the function is reached. Moreover  , trajectories over S give meaning to the actions in the discrete specification. It is well known that if actuator and sensor are located at the same point co-location then the transfer function is passive and thus it is possible to develop a very simple controller. Another group of related work is graph-based semi-supervised learning. Communication fitness for controller of Figure  93503 for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. It should be noted that these disadvantages would not be associated with similarity measures which require only the knowledge of the form of search request formulations. 7shows the transfer of center of gravity of Brachiator111 calculated from each measuring point. The amplifiers introduce an output delay which is slightly more complicated to measure. Initially  , the cosine similarity of an initial recommendation to the positive profile determined the ranking. SQL systems tend to be more efficient than triple stores  , because the latter need query plans with many self-joins – one per SPARQL triple pattern. Therefore  , the classification ends up scoring Shannon less similar to himself than to Monica probably due to high diversity of her sample images  as well as to Kobe Bryant Table 1. Paraphrasing  , INSTANCE matches each optional sequence of arbitrary characters ¥ w+ tagged as a determiner DT  , followed optionally by a sequence of small letters a-z + tagged as an adjective JJ  , followed by an expression matching the regular expression denoted by PRE  , which in turn can be optionally followed by an expression matching the concatenation of MID and POST. In order to apply Laplacian kernels to graphs with negative edges  , we use the measure described as the signed resistance distance in 17  , defined as: The development of sensors that utilize self-folding manufacturing techniques and their integration into more complex structures is an important stepping stone in the path towards autonomously assembling machines and robots. This combination of attributes is generally designed to be unique with a high likelihood and  , as such  , can function as a device identifier. The effects of the environmental changes combine to produce a transfer function for the overall system which is constantly varying depending on the task being performed. The resulting query aspects are kept as phrases for subsequent query expansion  , since phrases are reported to improve retrieval results when compared to single-word index- ing 14  , 15. It fits naturally the IR framework based on vector space model VSM. The fact that it has been successfully applied to similar problems  , has motivated us to use it as a basis for discovering good similarity functions for record replica identification. This evaluation can only be performed for the probabilistic annotation model  , because the direct retrieval model allows us only to estimate feature distributions for individual word images  , not page images. In the latter case the hill-climbing procedure has been ineffective in escaping a poor local optimum. Gaming interfaces already worked well in different areas  , such as OCR error correction and protein folding 30. In the results  , unless otherwise specified  , the default values are W = 0.7  , M = 16 for the image dataset and W = 24.0  , M = 11 for the audio dataset. We used the modified Apte  " ModApte "  split  , which divides the collection into 9  , 603 training documents ; 3  , 299 test documents; and 8  , 676 unused documents. One of the main reasons why the probabilistic model bas not been widely accepted is; pemaps  , due to its computational complexity. 14 leveraged Wikipedia for the intent classification task. Results The data are summarized in Table 1   , which gives totals for each pattern/scope combination  , and in Fig- ure 4  , which graphs the totals for each pattern and scope examples not matching any pattern are grouped under UNKNOWN. Then  , Space uses the Alloy Analyzer to perform automatic bounded verification that each data exposure allowed by the application is also allowed by our catalog. The linked geo data extension is implemented in Triplify by using a configuration with regular expression URL patterns which extract the geo coordinates  , radius and optionally a property with associated value and insert this information into an SQL query for retrieving corresponding points of interest. Our approach incorporates a traditional query optimizer T&O  , as a component. This model can be exploited for data management and  , in particular  , we will use it for query optimization purposes. A similarity score between each place vector from Google Places and each preference vector based on the cosine measure was then computed. For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more work Koller  , personal communication. In all experiments  , TSA yields the best optimization/execution cost  , ratio. The slice held out is then mapped to the 3-D latent space with mapping matrix and appended to the learned embeddings of the other slices. This is not a very restrictive assumption since we use stochastic gradient descent which requires to take small steps to converge. The details for these data sets are depicted in Table 1. By comparing their performance distributions  , merge sort is the better choice in this context. A classification tree is easier to understand for at least two reasons. V. CONCLUSIONS A method that obtains practically the global optimal motion for a manipulator  , considering its dynamics  , actuator constraints  , joint limits  , and obstacles  , has been presented in this paper. This approach provides a clean  , powerful method for working with a program specification to either derive a program structure which correctly implements the specification  , or just as important to identify portions of the specification which are incomplete or inconsistent. First  , we will study how to choose parameters  , particularly  , the range of frequent k-n-match  , n0 ,n1   , to optimize its performance we will focus on frequent k-n-match instead of k-n-match  , since frequent k-n-match is the technique we finally use to perform similarity search. As a result  , the result of STING approaches that of DBSCAN when the granularity approaches zero. The basic idea of global planning is the same as query optimization in database management systems. Such techniques do not really capture any regularity in the paths within a DOM tree. The two main differences are that we do not make distributional assumptions and we do not not distinguish a subset of specialty words or assume a preexisting classification of documents into elite and non-elite sets. 8: The submitted runs to the Robust track. flippers do not cause occlusions in the scene sensed by the laser and the omnidirectional camera. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , there have been no attempts to prefetch RDF data based on the structure of sequential related Sparql queries within and across query sessions. For forward selection  , the generation of candidate alternatives to a current model relies on the addition of edges  , because graphical models are completely defined by their edges or two-factor terms. The remainder of the paper begins with a brief background discussion of game theory and interactive games  , followed by experiments and results. Most commercial search portals such as Bing and Google provide access to a wide range of specialized search engines called verticals. Regular path expression queries RPE that contain " # " and " * " need to be expanded to SPE queries first  , then translated into SQL statements. There is already a very significant body of work around entailment for the Semantic Web 10  , based on description logics providing an underlying formal semantics for the various flavours of OWL. Our R-SOX system  , built with Raindrop 4  , 6  , 5 as its query engine kernel  , now can specify runtime schema refinements and perform a variety of runtime SQO strategies for query optimization. For ESTER  , we implemented a particularly efficient realization of a hash join which exploits that the word ranges of our queries are small. Such standards can significantly help to improve the automatic exchange of data. Figure 6shows the simulated evolution of four different mutation rates. Furthermore  , the orthogonality in the reduced k-dimensional basis for the column or row space of A depending on inserting terms or documents is corrupted causing deteriorating effects on the new representation. The end result will be the automated generation of the following descriptors for video: Speakers by folding in speaker recognition systems working from the audio to cluster speeches by the same person   , affording a natural and powerful way of smoothing the distributions. Popular recommends the most popular items during the last one month of the learning period and thus it is not personalized to the user. Entity annotation systems  , datasets and configurations like experiment type  , matching or measure are implemented as controller interfaces easily pluggable to the core controller. However  , the performance of the DOM crawler in addition to the Hub-Seeking crawler is significantly better than the Naive Best-First crawler on average target recall@10000 Figure 4d 10 modeled conditional probability distributions of various sensor attributes and introduced the notion of conditional plans for query optimization with correlated attributes. The CLIR model described in 5 is based on the following decomposition: In particular  , the models proposed in 5  , 18  , 1 are considered. The result obtained is presented in Table 4. Still others are affected by the translation quality obtained. Query expansion expands the query with additional terms to enrich the query for- mulation 14  , 15  , 16. In the following  , we focus on such an instantiation   , namely we employ as optimization goal the coverage of all query terms by the retrieved expert group. Also  , despite the scarcity of software data and the fact that the LD procedure involves an efficiency cost due to the elimination of a large amount of valuable data  , most software engineering researchers have used it due to its simplicity and ease of use. Among the many possible ways of choosing a partition   , one solution is to choose a particular function mapping the information space onto a smaller tractable space. Theobald and Weikum 24  describe a query language for XML that supports approximate matches with relevance ranking based on ontologies and semantic similarity. Section 3 addresses the concept and importance of transductive inference  , together with the review of a well-known transductive support vector machine provided by T. Joachims. To create the topic vectors in this word-centric vector space  , we compute a weighted sum of words from the previously computed sensitive topic distributions . Note that runs may be of variable length because work space size may change between runs. Their system is a type of meta-search engine and requires users to explicitly select a community before search activities are conducted. By the mapping function F  , the reduced motion zk is extracted t o the joint angles of the robot 9k. Game theory and interdependence theory Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. The localization method that we use constructs a likelihood function in the space of possible robot positions. 1  , I measured the between-within variance for the 10 blogs in the dataset on estimated values for the trust  , liking  , involvement and benevolence latent variables. Exactly this type of optimization lies in the heart of a read-optimized DB design and comprises the focus of this paper. 9 also focused on the frequency domain verification of transfer function models for a single-link flexible arm. Therefore in the University of Tampere we have adopted the dictionary-based method for our CLIR studies. In return  , the robot obtains two substantial benefits in terms of its spatial knowledge. They are not included in the application profile  , awaiting approval by DCMI of a mechanism to express these. " We propose two discriminatively trained probabilistic models that model individual posts as hidden variables. Tschang also developed a grounded theory of creativity in game development 16 and a theory of innovation 17. Having computed the topical distribution of each individual tweet  , we can now estimate an entire profile's topical diversity and do so by using the Shannon diversity theorem entropy: Topical Diversity. For centralized joins  , it was found in Blas7h that  , except for very small relations  , 111~ nested loops @in or sort-merge  ,toin methods were always optimal 01. If the copy sent to the crawler contains more than a threshold of links that don't exist in the copy sent to the browser  , we mark it as a candidate and send it to the second step. Compounding the lack of clarity in the claims themselves is an absence of a consistent and rigorous evaluation framework . Section 5 concludes this work. We used pre-trained 500 dimensional word vectors 4 that put semantically related words close together in space. As shown in Table 1  , the ranking of the engines is nearly identical for each directory  , having a .93 Pearson correlation. A business model for search engines in sponsored search has been discussed by B. Jansen in 17. loading a page from its URL  , with a 'caching page loader'  , and respectively finding list of URLs from a page with a 'link finder'  , itself an instantiation of a domain-tailored regular expression matching service but we do not show this decomposition. We discuss alternatives here  , which primarily vary in the extent to which they take advantage of the large distributed group and sort operations built into the MapReduce execution framework. The page-level results of semantic prediction are inevitably not accurate enough  , due to the inter-site variations and weak features used to characterize vertical knowledge. The self-folding time was also relatively short. Experiments in this section is to evaluate the effectiveness of our method on various data sets  , and with various Figure 3  , 4  , 5 and 6 show the quality of query result measured by precision and recall. What follows is a sequence of strings that define the traversal path through the output space of the selected extractor. Research in the area of CLIR has focused mainly on methods for query translation. when assuming that n defects are contained in the document . The method basically provides a recursive framework to construct a Lyapunov function and corresponding control action for the system stabilization. This year we conduct a best-effort strategy to crawl online opinions in the following way: We first use the candidate suggestion name with its location city + state as the query to Google 1 it. We have shown a successful application of casebased search in the domain of assembly sequence generation . 2 builds and outputs a self-folding crease pattern V   , E   , F   , T  in On 2  time and space. , and Bing via a similar methodology to White and Drucker 22 .  Inspired by the advantages of continuous space word representations  , we introduce a novel method to aggregate and compress the variable-size word embedding sets to binary hash codes through Fisher kernel and hashing methods. The LDC assessors judged each document in the pools using binary relevant/not relevant assessments. For the query performance  , the SP queries give the best performance  , which is expected and consistent with the query length comparison. According to the density-based definition  , a cluster consists of the minimum number of points MinPts to eliminate very small clusters as noise; and for every point in the cluster  , there exists another point in the same cluster whose distance is less than the distance threshold Eps points are densely located. in  AQuery builds on previous language and query optimization work to accomplish the following goals: 1. Map Size " denotes to the height and width of the convolutional feature maps to be pooled. " a search with the word 'diagnosis' for cases with the 'diagnosis' type  , stemmed title search and stemmed keyword search using the preferred terms of the UMLS concepts from the Googlediagnosis . In the first phase  , a traditional search is done before the classification program is called to analyze the search results. The problem here is determining how good the imputation model is for a candidate point  , when the true global values for this point are not known. However  , diaeerent research communities have associated diaeerent partially incompatiblee interpretations with the values returned from such score functions   , such astThe fuzzy set interpretation ë2  , 8ë  , the spatial interpretation originally used in text databases  , the metric interpetation ë9ë  , or the probabilistic interpretation underlying advanced information retrieval systems ë10ë. The co-occurrence technique can also be used to reduce ambiguity of term translations. , see 16 . Additionally  , spreading activation helped Ad- Search to beat Baidu as it further considers the latent similarity relationships between bid phrases. Regular expression patterns are used to identify tags  , references  , figures  , tables  , and punctuations at the beginning or the end of a retrieved passage in order to remove them. As stated in the introduction  , our work extends hash teams so that they become applicable in situations in which the columns of the join and group-by operations are not the same. The query engine uses this information for query planning and optimization. For example  , a user may search for " blackberry " initially to learn about the Blackberry smartphone; however  , days or weeks later the same user may search for " blackberry " to identify the best deals on actually purchasing the device. The lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the well studied multi-pattern matching problem in the string matching literature 25. This section describes the assumptions  , and discusses their relevance to practical similarity-search problems. Sponsored search click data is noisy  , possibly more than search clicks. and substituting the plant transfer function of Eq. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. At the present time we have no general solvers for recursive procedures; however  , for regular recursion many of the loop solving techniques are applicable. Statistical t-test 13 is conducted to indicate whether the CLQS-based CLIR performs significantly better. We can now define the privacy  , È´µÈ´µ of a dataset with respect to the model as some function of the privacy of the individual data objects. , semiautomatic  , user-mediated  , or userassisted . For this paper  , the focus of the meta-search engine is browser add-on search tools. This API provides a " search site " option. The SemSets model 6 utilizes the relevance of entities to automatically constructed categories semantic sets  , SemSets measured according to structural and textual similarity. However  , we cannot search the C-Space in the same manner with conventional obstacle avoidance problems because graspless manipulation may be irreversible and regrasping causes discontinuous ' ?jump " in this C-Space. The query optimizer shuffles operators around in the query tree to produce a faster execution plan  , which may evaluate different parts of the query plan in any order considered to be correct from the relational viewpoint. where Ijt is the corresponding source pixel intensity set in projector j at time t  , Sj . Immediately  , however  , the problem arises of determining the similarity values of the query cluster representatives created in this way with each new Boolean search request formulation. We discretize each parameter in 5 settings in the range 0  , 1 and choose the best-performer configuration according to a grid search. The above equation does not include joint friction. The sentence chains displayed include a node called notify method. And a new strategy is acquired using Q-learning. The results for the protein folding examples are also very interesting. Dijkstra's point was important then and no less significant now. We will call this type of reward function sparse. For both regular and query-biased similarity  , we construct a unigram model of the find-similar document that is then used as a query to find similar documents see equation 1. This indicates the proposed fast implementation scheme works well  , both in equivalent combination scheme and the use of approximate pignistic Shannon entropy. However  , to increase opportunities for optimization   , all AQ i are combined into one audit query AQ whose output is a set of query identifiers corresponding to those AQ i that yield non-empty results. Consider a software system that is modeled by its inheritance and containment graphs  , and the task is to analyze how many instances of the design pattern Composite are used in the design of the system. We first employ a probabilistic retrieval model to retrieve candidate questions based on their relevance scores to a review. We describe our evaluation below  , including the platform on which we ran our experiments  , the test collections and query sets used  , the performance measured. The 15 ms page I/O time setting assumes RCquential I/O without prefetching or disk buffering t.g. Each rewriting rule is composed of one Perl-like question matching pattern and one or more rewriting patterns. Specifically  , the tf idf is calculated on the TREC 2014 FebWeb corpus. Such probabilistic dependencies cannot easily be captured in logical expressions and typically are also not documented in textual or other sensory form. We propose new document-based similarity measures to quantify the similarity in the context of multiple documents containing τ . In the rest of the paper  , we will omit writing the function Ψ for notational simplicity. In the following we describe the two major components of our demonstration: 1 the validity range computation and CHECK placement  , and 2 the re-optimization of an example query. The priority of an arc can now be computed as follows. If the specified imputation strategy is: the missing elements follow a certain distribution with given expectation and variance  , then X rv is a random vector 12  , x i 1   , 9  , x i 2   , 40 and X mis = x i 1   , x i 2   , where x i 1 and x i 2 are both random variables following the given distribution. This is consistent with the observations on general reasoning: when more information is available and is used in reasoning  , we usually obtain better results. This assumption is also validated by our experiments Section 7. represents the probability of head term w h associated with modifier wm assigned to the jth aspect.   , it is very tlifficidt to implement and optimize the mapping f l : l iising the mathematical or numeric approaches. We answer this question quantitatively in Section 6. For many of the past TREC experiments  , our system has been demonstrated to provide superior effectiveness  , and last year it was observed that PIRCS is one of few automatic systems that provides many unique relevant documents in the judgment pool VoHa98. During horizontal transformation sum_byBA and mergeA are combined by operator L. To translate their combination into an iterative program during vertical transformation  , we generate the new function sum-mergeB ,A which performs merging and aggregation si- multaneously. In this paper we will use the GIST descriptor to represent a calligraphic character image. Moreover  , as the semantic information about the database and thus the corresponding space of semantically equivalent queries increases  , the optimization cost becomes comparable to the cost of query execution plan  , and cannot be ignored. The retrieval evaluation metric is AP . We see that our method strictly out-performs LSH: we achieve significantly higher recall at similar scan rate. St ,ep 2: Assuming +at8 the transfer function ofcontrolled system P  s  = Tt'PV  , det ,ermine I<s  , which minimizes masimum model error rmur. Points that are not core and not reachable from a core are labeled as noise. In particular  , the proposed model not only considers the different levels of impact of different advertising channels but also takes time-decaying effect into account. As already mentioned  , EM converges to a local maximum of the observed data log-likelihood function L. However  , the non-injectivity of the interaural functions μ f and ξ f leads to a very large number of these maxima  , especially when the set of learned positions X   , i.e. Figure 8 shows the predicted response of the subject using the transfer function model defined in 17  , where the measured controlled signal ys of the practised operator and the predicted signal are shown. Query expansion was both automatic the top 6 expansion terms were automatically added to the query when the user requested more documents  , and interactive. , parsing  , proposition recognition  , pattern matching and relation extraction for analyzing text. By applying the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT to the ZMP reference   , the ZMP equations can be solved in frequency domain. Considering the measures of relevance precision and precision at 10 documents  , it can be observed from Figure 9that FVS outperforms all other query expansion methods. For high-dimensional similarity search  , the best-known indexing method is locality sensitive hashing LSH 17. Link clause expressions are boolean combinations of link clauses  , where each link clause is semantically a boolean condition on two columns and is specified using either a a native method; b a user-defined function UDF; or c a previously defined linkspec. Next we model the O2 concentration signal based on all inputs  , but WIA2 fuel mass and SIC2 feeding screw rpm measurements were replaced by the estimated mass flow signal see Fig. As such  , query expansion is critical for improving the performance of IR systems in the biomedical literature . Query expansion runs  , as our baselines  , outperform the median and mean of all 140 submissions. In parallel  , semantic similarity measures have been developed in the field of information retrieval  , e.g. 3 Information hiding/unhiding by folding tree branches. The experimental system presented three different interfaces to the user during interaction  , it comprised a baseline interface that resembled the conventional layout of mainstream search engines  , and only provided a search box and 10 search results in a list format. Search is ubiquitous and is considered a fundamental feature of any computing platform. On the other hand  , pattern matching method performs directly on original image. Then  , we use the generic similarity search model two times consecutively  , to first find the best candidate popular patterns and second locate the best code examples. This can be considered as 100 lockable objects in the LIB-system  , or alternatively  , these 100 objects can be regarded as the highly active part of the CB-system catalog data  , access path data  , . In their follow-up work 4  , the authors proposed an incremental model by jointly learning the word embeddings along with its document embedding. Some categories have a high Pearson correlation. And a chess board pattern is adopted as a calibration pattern because it is full of intersections of lines and supplies the enormous points in one image. The implementation of the logic behind the alignments to be presented herein resulted into the BMEcat2GoodRelations tool. Simdi  , dj ≤ min||di||∞||dj||1  , ||dj||∞||di||1 < τ. This regular expression is then applied on the sentences extracted by the search engine for 2 purposes: i. We utilize linguistic Ling  , statistical Stat  , and CLIR features f si of query term si to capture its characteristics from different aspects. The inputs of the system are assembly quality ternis  , i.e. An incore merge is similar to an in-core sort  , in the sense that it includes cross-SPE merges and local merges. The SOM is designed to create a two-dimensional representation of cells topologically arranged according to the inherent metric ordering relations between the samples in the feature space. In order to establish a representation of the environment configuration  , we transformed the calculated depth to a safety distribution histogram. Since synonym expansion relied on multiple sources  , duplicates in the enlarged query were removed. Despite the seemingly lower word coverage compared to using " bag of words "   , decent performance has been reported when using appraisal words in sentiment classification 24. The goal of this phase is to refine the partition received from the previous phase. On the other hand  , more sophisticated query optimization and fusion techniques are required. function based on this metric to zero. In this paper  , we developed a framework for solving the k-anonymity and -diversity problems  , by mapping the multidimensional quasi-identifiers to one dimension. DBSCAN must set Eps large enough to detect some clusters. Note the achieved MAP values can be further improved. Both experiments show significant improvement over baseline systems. For example  , average topic similarity between query pairs from different sessions can help tracing the user search interests during a relative long period. In 12  , 14  , 22  , 26  , queries were classified according to users' search needs  , for instance  , topic distillation  , named page finding  , and homepage finding. We have used the Google N-grams collection 6   , taking the frequency of words from the English One Million collection of Google books from years 1999 to 2009. We consider a meta-search framework where a broker search system forwards the query to component search systems that may include general purpose search engines as well as the APIs of Web 2.0 platforms  , like YouTube or Twitter. Guided by genetic programming  , GenProg has the ability to repair programs without any specification  , and GenProg is commonly considered to open a new research area of general automated program repair 26  , 20  , although there also exists earlier e.g. Since there is no closed form solution for the parameters w and b that minimize Equation 1  , we resort to Stochastic Gradient Descent 30  , a fast and robust optimization method. The human may set goals into the autonomous system  , and then later be called on to enter tasks to help the system reach either cognitive or manipulation subgoals. Many applications of set similarity arise in large-scale datasets. They were instructed to take the block from HERB's hand once HERB had extended the block to them. Function recParam in Fig. We show that the distance between ORN graphs is an effective measurement of image semantic similarity. Our aim is to see how much improvement can be achieved using proximity information alone without the need for query-specific opinion-lexicon. Hill climbing does not work well for nonconvex spaces  , however  , since it will terminate when it finds a local maxima. As a result  , the ordering of items needs to be adjusted. Roughly speaking  , overall classification accuracy climbs up to 80.15% when all features are adopted. Particularly useful for SozioNet  , eXist also offers query language extensions for index-based keyword searches  , queries on the proximity of terms  , or regular expression based search patterns. We start with a brief introduction to the 4-bar legs in Section 2 followed by a modeling discussion in Section 3 that introduces a polynomial representation of the empirical funct ,ion relating strain nieasurement to leg configuration . The most straightforward approach to deal with memory shortages that occur during the merge phase of an external sort is for the DBMS to suspend the external sort altogether. The heuristic-search has the exponential computational complexity at the worst case. Although  , the challenge of translating from natural language to a game theory format is beyond the scope on this article  , random errors were added to the instructions in an effort to roughly simulate the errors that would occur during translation. Specifically  , it was shown empirically that the score distributions on a per query basis may be fitted using an exponential distribution for the set of non-relevant documents and a normal distribution for the set of relevant documents. Since existing Web mirroring tools  , like " rsync " 1  , usually mirror a site according to its Web site directory tree  , we study the evolutionary characteristics of Web site directory structure. The re-ranking function is able to promote one question related to RAW files  , which is not included in the candidate question set retrieved by query likelihood model. This is approached by embedding both the image and the novel labels into a common semantic space such that their relevance can be estimated in terms of the distance between the corresponding vectors in the space. System overview. Notice that the DREAM model utilize an iterative method in learning users' representation vectors. However  , the multi-query optimization technique can provide maximized capabilities of data sharing across queries once multiple queries are optimized as a batch. In Section IV the proposed ranking loss is described in detail. Additionally  , the annotation tool features a search box above the policy  , which enables annotators to search for key terms or phrases within the policy before selecting an answer. Also  , our method is based on search behavior similarity and not only on content similarity. One of the projects that build upon the library-D2I partnership is the NSFfunded DataNet project  , called Sustainable Environment- Actionable Data SEAD. Pose orientation error was determined by measuring Ihe angular deviation of an axis of the model from the known ground truth axis direction. the center of the proposed alignments are product details and product-related business details. For each position p  , we model the " normal " amount of attention a review at this rank gets using the parameter zp. To copy otherwise  , or republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. In this section we present our model of key concept selection for verbose queries. The dataset has a slight bias towards long-tail shops. autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. , time constraint in iterative-improvement  , temperature in simulated-annealing or number of generations in genetic strategies. The researchers have replicated a well-known pen-and-paper experiment online: that experiment was run in 1972 by Milgram. We performed a number of experiments on the joined messenger and search data described in the previous section. A pattern matching program was developed to identify the segments of the text that match with each pattern. The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. In the experiment  , four metrics are adopted  , namely mean squared error MSE  , Pearson correlation  , p-value  , and peak time error. We can thus quantify the accuracy of an observed rank correlation usingˆseusingˆ usingˆse boot . In a Recursive search  , on the other hand  , clients delegate control to other servers-this is illustrated in Fig- ure 4. proposed to solve this problem by using Fourier Transformation 14. Approximate string matching 16 is an alternative to exact string matching  , where one textual pattern is matched to another while still allowing a number of errors. The major difference between MT-based CLIR and our approach is that the former uses one translation per term and the latter uses multiple translations. Although the conversions completed without errors  , still a few issues could be detected in each dataset that we will cover subsequently. Typically  , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7  , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. Image curves are represented by invariant shape descriptors  , which allow direct indexing into a model library. STIRS was developed such that any given module could be easily turned on or off to allow for multiple combinations of experiments  , i.e. We expect that learning word embeddings on a larger corpora such that the percentage of the words present in the word embedding matrix W W W should help to improve the accuracy of our system. In terms of future research  , more work is needed to understand the interplay of coalescing and other temporal operators with respect to queSy optimization and evaluation. When many records are retrieved in a search more than 40  , formula 2 is used to identify the terms to use for reformulating the search. We find that few features are correlated with each other i.e. Out of the original 50 queries  , 43 have results from DBpedia. In this paper  , we proposed a robust  , efficient visual forceps tracking method under a microscope using the projective contour models of the 3-D CAD model of the robotic forceps. The result was quite similar to the hill climbing heuristic  , but it skipped many important blocks in some of the cases. We conjecture that the decrease in performance when changing to a within-project setting is caused by the low ratio of defects i.e. At run-time  , for a given query  , first the most relevant p-strings are identified. By comparing the retrieved documents  , the user can easily evaluate the performance of different search engines. , the least cost for evaluation is assumed. Fingerprint-based descriptors  , due to the hashing approach that they use  , lead to imprecise representations  , whereas the other three schemes are precise in the sense that there is a one-to-one mapping between fragments and dimensions of the descriptor space. The differences between the neural click models can be explained as follows. They found a 55% loss in average precision in queries translated word-by-word compared to the original queries. Some studies that use suffix arrays SAs for document classification have been proposed. The control law is provided by mapping these two spaces as an open-loop schema. In comparison  , our work focuses specifically on task-oriented search  , and ignores other types of search such as browsing different attributes of an object  , which allows us to take the advantage of existing procedural knowledge to more reliably support search tasks when compared to the use of general search logs. First  , the number of positive examples would put a lower bound on the mini-batch size. For example  , with full expansion of all query terms  , CNF expansion Table 3 gets a MAP of 0.2938  , 23% better than 0.2384 of the bag of word expansion with the same expansion terms  , significant at p < 0.0025 by the randomization test and weakly significant at p < 0.0676 by the sign test. None of the participants looked through more than a couple of search result pages. In particular  , we propose a sentencesignature based mechanism for mapping from the sentence domain to a multi-dimensional space such that word-overlap searches can be re-posed as range searches in this space. This idea can be understood in terms of a binary scaling function. Two propositions are considered equivalent if they have the same verb  , the same roles and the same head-noun for each role. This heuristic only searches over the 2D grid map of the base layer with obstacles inflated by the base inner circle. Full Credit  , on the other hand  , assigns the credit for detecting a bug as soon as a single line of the bug is found. , as a distance metric. The framework for partition-based similarity search PSS consists of two steps. The ASN has the capability of learning which action search strategy is the best to take given a particular context. We therefore evaluate the temporal correlation and the two derivative models by comparing 1 the quality of the summaries generated from these models and 2 their utility towards finding additional tweets from the tweet sample that are related to the event and yet do not contain the keywords from the original queries. Finally  , it produces and returns the resulting regular expression based on case 4 line 17. In this example  , we will show two different approaches to find the transfer function matrix. While classifiers differ  , we believe our results enable qualitative conclusions about the machine predictability of tags for state of the art text classifiers. Although catalog management schemes are of great practical importance with respect to the site auton- omy 14  , query optimization 15  , view management l  , authorization mechanism 22   , and data distribution transparency 13  , the performance comparison of various catalog management schemes has received relatively little attention 3  , 181. Table 2shows the results of fitting the Rated Clicks Model using human rated Fair Pairs data. The W3C recommendation for HTML attributes specifies that white space characters may separate attribute names from the following '=' character. Of course  , high temporal correlation does not guarantee semantic relevance. Future work will look at incorporating document-side dependencies  , as well. Although Miller-Charles experiment was carried out 25 years later than Rubenstein- Goodenough's  , two sets of ratings are highly correlated pearson correlation coefficient=0.97. We ran CLIR and computed MAP at different Cumulative Probability Thresholds CPT. In idling conditions  , the following experimental transfer function was obtained: The bottom line is that the DMP method is inappropriate as a load control method that can safely avoid DC thrashing in systems with complex  , temporally changing  , highly diverse  , or simply unpredictable workloads. A number of tasks are defined in TRECVID  , including shot detection  , story segmentation   , semantic feature extraction  , and information retrieval. A goal is 1 a query  , an expression space  , or an expression class  , together with 2 a set of properties the optimized plan must return For example  , a goal may be the query 'join R.a=S.b R S' with the constraint 'sorted on S.b'  , which may be mapped to 'merge-join R.a=S.b sort/partition R.a R sort/partition S.b S'. One of the simplest yet well performing approaches to CLIR is based on query translation using an existing Statistical Machine Translation SMT system which is treated as a black box. The Non-relevant model P d l |θN  is defined in the same way. We present here a case where new CLIR dictionary entries can be found with confidence. He proposed to extract temporal expressions from news  , index news articles together with temporal expressions   , and retrieve future information composed of text and future dates by using a probabilistic model. The model also includes computation of the aligning torque M z on each steered wheel. We keep the C largest groups with the most documents as initial clusters. Intuitively  , user communities grouped by basic PLSA model can represent interest topics towards item categories. To overcome this problem  , we used a statistical method introduced by Clifford et al. In the current work we adopt a centroid-based representation  , where every dimension v i ,j corresponds to the distance between the contour point s i ,j and the contour's mass center.  The knowledge base is enriched by learning from user behaviors  , such that the retrieval performance can be enhanced in a hill-climbing manner. We also ensured that the queries used were different from those used in Task 2  , in order to avoid training effects on particular questions. The initiative to search depended on a librarian explicitly recognising a similarity with a previous enquiry   , and recalling sufficient details e.g. This allows us to detect if the equation contains certain types of common algebraic structures . On the other hand  , when the same amount of main memory is used by the multi-probe LSH indexing data structures  , it can deal with about 60- million images to achieve the same search quality. While performing the pruning step as elaborated before  , we use some simple statistical optimization techniques. Next  , it disusses the benefits of SBMPC. Having a sort order of the parameters across calls that matches the sort order of the inner query gives an effect similar to merge join. For user-based systems 9   , the similarity between all pairs of users is computed based on their ratings on associated items using some selected similarity measurement such as cosine similarity or Pearson correlation . , two extraction components for non-ontological entities have been implemented: person name extractor for Finnish language and regular expression extractor. In our case this is computationally intractable; the partition function Zz sums over the very large space of all hidden variables. Therefore  , this year  , we aim to have a refined query expansion by using more fine grained data. In the field of information science  , Shannon has defined information as the degree of entropy. However  , on QALD-2  , whose queries are questions such as 'Who created Wikipedia'  , simple text similarity features are not as strong. LAt extracts titles from web pages and applies a carefully crafted set of regular expression patterns to these titles. After that  , general automated program repair has gone from being entirely unheard of to having its own multi-paper sessions  , such as " Program Repair " session in ICSE 2013  , in many top tier conferences 20  , and many researchers justify the advantage of their techniques  , such as Par and SemFix  , via the comparison with GenProg. In the within-project setting i.e. So a different regular expression needs to be developed for every target language and region. To simplify the problem   , we model each axis of a machine tool as a simple second-order transfer function. For each category  , a PLSA model is trained from 85% of the question sets questions and their corresponding answers  , and the left are used for testing. , 22  , but most of the approaches developed so far abide by the paradigm of supervised machine learning. They show that given the optimal values  , the Q-learning team can ultimately match or beat the performance of the Homogeneous team. We compare the topical communities identified by PLSA and NetPLSA. A* search is one of the most popular methods for this problem 1. For an environment depicted in Fig. The meet-over-all-valid-paths solution MVP n for a CFG node n describes the variable values immediately before the execution of n. This solution is defined as In CLIR translation systems  , it is possible to use many dictionaries   , each of which have limited content  , but which together cover general language issues and many specific domains. For example  , SEIR still can achieve a Pearson correlation around 0.6 while the lead time is 20 weeks. Our main finding is that our approach based on cascaded language model based information retrieval followed by answer extraction using machine-learning does not decrease  , but remains competitive  , if instead of a news-only corpus like AQUAINT2  , an additional corpus of blog posts BLOG06 is used in a setting where some of the answers occur only in the blogs. Indeed  , it can be argued that the P R M framework was instrumental in this broadening of the range of applicability of motion planning  , as many of these problems had never before been considered candidates for automatic methods. Code fragments are hidden if they do not belong to the selected feature set the developer has selected as relevant for a task. In order to solve this problem  , we choose to use the simulated annealing SA2 method. was executed. Section 2 begins by placing our search problem in the context of the related work. We called this forest  , Reconfigurable Random Forest RRF. If the glb values of the conjunct are already available in the semantic index  , they are directly retrieved. There were a total of 106 bilingual aspects from 36 topics that met this requirement excluding the All Others categories. Second  , we address the limitation of KLSH. A single cost function has to be found that combines the costs of dgebraic operations and the transfer of data between subsequent operations in a unique fashion. 8shows a modified Pioneer 3-AT at the bottom of a hill attempting to climb the hill. The t's necessary to generate a parser's time-formula may be chosen interactively using a variant of Kirchhoff's law 9 which is applicable to grammar rules. The second set of experiments shed light on how the distribution of the user-defined predicates among relations in the query influences the cost of optimization. Therefore  , it is not possible to use one fixed similarity measure for one specific task. The belief update then proceeds as follows: This formulation of the observation function models the fact that a robot can detect a target with the highest likelihood when it is close to the target. So far almost all the legal information retrieval systems are based on the boolean retrieval model. Each sequence was used to train one threedimensional SOM. The ontology building experience in my Grid suggests the need of automated tools that support the ontology curator in his work  , especially now with the exponential increase of the number of bioinformatics services. Basic pattern matching now considers quadruples and it annotates variable assignments from basic matches with atomic statements from S and variable assignments from complex matches with Boolean formulae F ∈ F over S . There is significant scientific work to support this view. But it lays in the nature of a curvated space to resist the attempt to simultaneously achieve these goals. the state-of-the-art QALD 3 benchmark. In 2  , Koo and K ,  , denote the independent stiffness elements of the operational space and the fingertip space  , respectively. Intuitively  , each pattern categorizes a set of context instances. Step 5 is improved using a model selection criterium to mitigate the over-fitting problem. 3 When the searcher could not find desired search results in a single pass  , he usually resorted to iterative search. The following queries sd and gd translation = sd + gd translation of the topic " osteoporosis " represent all CLIR query types of the study and demonstrate the importance of structure in cross-language queries. And the study on query diversity shows the influence of different query types on the search performance and combining information from multiple source can help increase search performance. The intended action is highlighted on the bottom half and the top half is the permission pattern. , they do not include query optimization overhead. Under the relation based framework for passage retrieval  , dependency relation based path expansion can further bring about a 17.49% improvement in MRR over fuzzy matching RBS of relation matching without any query expansion. On the other hand  , formal RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions can be quite alike. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. Since our method has only 3 parameters  , we calculated their optimal setting with a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search method. These are highly desirable properties for an unsupervised feature mapping which facilitate learning with very few instances. The prototype of OntoQuest is implemented with Java 1.4.2 on top of Oracle 9i. The description length for values using a structure often reduces when the structure is parameterized. As these new methods are certainly projecting data in a complementary way  , and that the tabular view is easily understood  , we aim in this paper to add a tabular view for any 2D data cloud by an alternative approach to the selforganizing map. CNNs are powerful classifiers due to their ability to automatically learn discriminative features from the input data. Since this may affect the quality of the query expansion  , in our experiments we investigate how the size of the samples affects retrieval performance. As optimizers based on bottom-up Zou97  , HK+97  , JMP97 and top-down Ce96  , Gra96 search strategies are both extensible Lo88  , Gra95 and in addition the most frequently used in commercial DBMSs  , we have concentrated our research on the suitability of these two techniques for parallel query optimization. It was also shown in 7 that for any given values of hub inertia atnd beam inertia  , a passive transfer function can be obtained by using a properly weighted reflection of the tip position as the output. , no prior  , basic PLSA can be used to cluster any group of sentences to extract representative opinion sentences. To perform optimization of a computation over a scientific database system  , the optimizer is given an expression consisting of logical operators on bulk data types. But  , in the same picture  , there are switch-points occurring at 26% and 50% in the PARTSUPP selectivity range  , that result in a counter-intuitive non-monotonic cost behavior   , as shown in the corresponding cost diagram of Fig- ure 11b . Analogously  , the same training procedure is utilized to train the third and any subsequent layers of sdf-organizing maps. These five optimization problems have been solved for each of the 25 selected queries and for each run in the set of 30 selected runs  , giving a total of 5×25×30 = 3  , 750 optimization problems. In this work  , we provide a systematic study on the ads clickthrough log of a commercial search engine to validate and compare different BT strategies for online advertising. The manufacturing system considered in this paper consists of two cells linked together by a material system composed of two buffers A and B and a conveyor. Second  , we will study  , using well chosen parameters  , which searching scheme is the best for frequent k-n-match search. In the following discussion we focus on the first type of selection  , that is  , discovering which digital libraries are the best places for the user to begin a search. In sponsored search  , a user makes a query for certain keywords in a search engine and is presented with a list of relevant advertisements in addition to organic search results. It seems a reasonable assumption that the influence of perceptual speed on search performance occurs primarily in a small number of tasks. That is  , 211 for x  , 041 for y  , and 211 for z  , which is the same answer arrived at above. The parameterized query expansion method proposed in this paper addresses these limitations. 4 Technically  , this model is called the hierarchical logit 32 and is slightly more general than the nested logit model derived from utility maximization. c Potential field at low output T= 1. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as We obtain We assume  , however  , that indexes are used to access triples matching a triple pattern efficiently. Table 4displays these results. have answered search requests based on keyword queries for a long time. Once positioned on a node  , the user can move in all directions  , node by node  , can Jump to a node label if labelling of the tree was previously requested or can search a node under a condition which ob- viously is a node type i.e. Position Sensor Based Torque Control Method Fig.2shows a block diagram of a proposed torque control system. As a remark  , we contrast our usage of patterns in entity search with its counterparts in document search e.g  , current search engines . We hope to extend this method in the future to work with non-convex polyhedra. The right view of Figure 5 shows the result of a random mapping of host names. To support partial chemical name searches  , our search engine segments a chemical name into meaningful sub-terms automatically by utilizing the occurrences of sub-terms in chemical names. The total cost number of sequence comparisons of our methods are up to 20 and 30 times less than that of Omni and frequency vectors  , respectively. The way rules are activated with respect to the events of a transaction is described by a recursive function evaluate  , which takes as parameters a stream of events and a database state. Each image space occupancy map is transformed to the map space by applying F equation 2. The Semantic Gap problem was commented upon by the subjects of both studies. Dimension reduction is the task of mapping points originally in high dimensional space to a lower dimensional sub-space  , while limiting the amount of lost information. This set of differential equations has the same time conHere  , an artificial training example i.e. Serialization of an XML subtree using the XML_Serialize operator serves as an example. Thus  , mapping reliable memory directly into the database address space does not significantly lower reliability. However  , an additional and ultimately more important reason for skyrocketing software costs arises from the fact that current large software systems are much more complex by any measure of complexity than the systems being developed 25 years ago or even ten years ago. Let us consider " Job Search " and " Human Rescues " in Figure 2. In this paper  , we present an Exa-Q architecture which learns models and makes plans using the learned models to help a learning agent explore an environment actively  , avoids the learning agent falling into a local optimal policy  , and further  , accelerates the learning rate for deriving the optimal policy. One major goal of us is to evaluate the effect of a probabilistic retrieval model on the legal domain. Based on our experience  , topic words often exist for an information need. This indicates that the chosen features were able to accurately predict the AP for the expanded and unexpanded lists of each query. Our next project is to extend the model so a.s to ha.ndlc multi-way joins and sort-merge joins. The number of expansion terms that worked best with the TREC 2011 qrels is 10 expansion terms for each query term. It allowed them to search using criteria that are hard to express in words. " Let us return to live variables problem to see how the problem is solved with respect to the prime program decomposition in Figure 5. In contrast to our approach  , the xtract systems generates for every separate string a regular expression while representing repeated subparts by introducing Kleene-*. We present our applied approach  , detailed system implementation and experimental results in the context of Facebook in Section 6. A control strategy is needed to decide on the rewrite rules that should be applied to a given statement sequence. In the following the online gradient rule with learning rate η IP and desired mean activity µ is shown: , game posts and stickers are not available in IG L  , which is handled by using the imputation technique 36. Mapping transforms the problem of hashing keys into a different problem  , in a different space. Of course  , only those access events performed by agents of the application example must trigger the reaction leading to the new pattem-matching mechanism. Imagine that we might have chosen W with size of K = 1  , and the query Q is within r of all k candidates. Next  , we show how this atomic formula can be expressed in SRPQs. Their model interpolates the same-task similarity of a rewrite candidate to the reference query with the average similarity of that candidate to all on-task queries from a user's history  , weighted by each query's similarity to the reference query. It identifies all A j nodes shared by some simple cycles line 13 with L i   , and contracts those simple cycles to a single node based on cases 1–3 line 14- 16. For example  , the atleast operator provides a compact representation of repetitions that seems natural even to someone not familiar with regular expression notation. Knowledge discovery in databases initiates a new frontier for querying database knowledge  , cooperative query answering and semantic query optimization. We hypothesized that if users could first browse to a potentially relevant sub-node in a large directory   , results from a search in the sub-directory would be more precise than results from a search in the entire directory . In general  , language modeling approaches to retrieval rely on collection frequency CF in place of DF: Corpus-based approaches to CLIR have generally developed within a framework based on language modeling rather than vector space models  , at least in part because modern statistical translation frameworks offer a natural way of integrating translation and language models 19. The same query-likelihood relevance value function is also used to produce a ranking of all the relevant documents  , which we use as our baseline. The sort continuous in this manner until the list of items is fully sorted in ascending order after the lg m th phase. As mentioned earlier  , since these URLs  , e.g. They conclude that translation could help patent retrieval  , but not always. We compute each input sentence's pattern matching weight by using Equation 6. To reduce CPU cost for redundant comparisons between points in an any two nodes  , we first screen points which lie within c-distance from the boundary surface of other node and use sort-merge join for those screened points. Each of the 41 QA track runs ~ ,vas re-scored using the pattern matching judgments. In addition to the traditional causes like sort  , duplicate elimination and aggregates  , the value of a variable must be materialized in three cases: when the variable is used multiple times in the query  , when the variable is used inside a loop FOR  , sort or quantifiers  , or when the variable is an input of a recursive function. Besides the above phrase translation method  , we also use another two methods in our Chinese-English CLIR system: CEMT-based method and dictionary-based method. 33  proposed an optimization strategy for query expansion methods that are based on term similarities such as those computed based on WordNet. The corresponding feature vector ϕq  , c would then have two binary features ϕq  , c = 1  , if c is last click; 0 else 1  , if c is not last click; 0 else . We performed the third run in order to compare our query expansion to manual query expansion because including terms in the description as query terms can simulate an effect of manual query expan- sion. HiSbase realizes a scalable information economy 1 by building on advances in proven DHT-based P2P systems such as Chord 10 and Pastry 7   , as well as on achievements in P2P-based query pro- cessing 4. However   , before drawing inferences from the resulting clusters it is essential to validate the results to reduce the possibility that the clusters were identified by chance and do not actually reflect differences in the underlying data. unary operators including sequential scan  , index scan and clustered index scan ; l binary operators including nested join  , index join and sort-merge join ; . But theories of evolutionary learning or individual learning do. A great deal of similar research has also been conducted into text similarity searching or finding the most effective means of supporting search to find highly similar or identical text in different documents. The Java applet is started as soon as users click the " classification " button on their search result screen. Relevance information may be used either for query expansion or term reweighting. The Pearson correlation between the elements of M and MΦ is However  , we use Kendall-τ as our final evaluation measure for comparing the rankings of systems produced by full set and a subset of queries. Local R 2 FP selects the most conductive features in the sub-region and summarizes the joint distribution of the selected features  , which enhances the robustness of the final representation and promotes the separability of the pooled features. 2 The software necessary for these systems is quite simple. Whether or not the query can be unnested depends on the properties of the node-set . A search trail originates with the submission of a query to a search engine and contains all queries and post-query navigation trails 27. After finding out the results of t evaluations  , each robot could then independently perform the calculation to determine the next policy  ?r and continue with the next iteration. We employ two well-known space-mapping techniques: the Hilbert space-filling curve 15 and iDistance 23. For example  , paper D  , " A proximity probabilistic model for information retrieval " mentions both A and B. Now  , since we actually perform our computations in the domain of the natural logarithm of the likelihood function  , we must fit these values with a polynomial of  The MOP solution can be generated from its definitioa by using the regular expression for the paths. Pattern matching has been used in a number of applications . In the Web community there is lots of discussion about organic and sponsored search. The second interface displayed search results in a similar fashion to the baseline  , and provided QE terms Fig 2aon the left-hand pane  , and finally our full interface presents the search results  , and multiple representations of QE terms Fig. In relational databases  , query rewriting over SQL views is straightforward as it only requires view expansion  , i.e. An alternative to similarity ranking is to specify a template as the query and return expressions that match it as the search result 13 . Stack inspection is intended to prevent confused-deputy attacks 9  , which arise when a component C 1 that was not granted access to a resource r obtains access to r indirectly  , by calling into a component C 2 that was granted access to r. Figure 1. We show that we can calculate the transfer function using the max-plus approach  , which seems to be more useful for large systems. , the view mentioned in the user SQL query is replaced by its definition . In this paper  , we focus on validating our folding pathways by comparing the order in which the secondary strueturcs form in our paths with results for some small proleins lhat have been deler­ mined by pulse labeling and native state out-exchange ex­ periments 22. The findings can inform librarians  , information scientists  , and IR system designers of the needs  , requirements  , and approaches to enhance cross-language controlled vocabularies  , and improve search engines to provide users with more relevant results. Figure 1 depicts the investigated scenario. In this section  , the results of numerical simulation of the Stiffness mapping between 2-dof cylindrical space and 2-dof joint space using both direct and indirect CCT are presented. As explained in Section 4.1  , the domainspecific query expansion will add  , in mean  , 10 new terms to each query. Clinchant8 expands the standard language modeling approach by representing more than one language in the document model and then using a meta-dictionary in order to build a matching multi-language query model. According to 19  , there is a benefit to laying out photos based on visual similarity  , although that study dealt with visual similarity instead of similar contents. The query types and expansion term categories are as follow. Model selection criteria usually assumes that the global optimal solution of the log-likelihood function can be obtained. Commonly made assumptions  , though reasonable in the context of workflow mining  , do clearly not hold for a dependency model of a distributed system  , nor do they seem fitting for a single user session. Query expansion still offers potential for improvements. The first query is a general term  , by which the user is searching for the best coffee in Seattle area; whereas the second query is used to search for a coffee shop chain named as Seattle's Best Coffee which was originated from Seattle but now has expanded into other cities as well. For comparison  , Breese reported a computing time to generate ratings for one user using Pearson correlation of about 300ms on a PII- 266 MHz machine. Effectiveness of query removal for IR. This indicates PLSA models are very promising in finding diverse aspects in retrieved passages. Ganguly et al 14 employed similarity between word embedding vectors within a translation model for LMIR as means to overcome the lexical gap between queries and documents   , where it outperformed a language model extended with latent topics. Force sensors are built into HITDLR hand. In addition   , the importance of the original query concepts is maintained after query expansion by using a geometric progression to normalize the contributed of the expansion terms. Most current models of the emotion generation or formation are focused on the cognitive aspects. From the above results  , we conclude that the introduction of the LSTM block helps to improve the learning abilities of the neural click models. As for ranking the retrieved documents  , TFIDF and cosine similarity were used. We conclude with a discussion of open problems and future work. Thus  , the collections in two languages are converted into a single collection of document vectors in the target language . While Prolog is based on unification and backtracking  , B is based on a simple but powerful pattern-matching mechanism whose application is guided by tactics. Distance Computation between regional embeddings After learning word embeddings for each word w ∈ V  , we then compute the distance Figure 2: Semantic field of theatre as captured by GEODIST method between the UK and US. Conceptually  , HERALD represents a delta as a collection of pairs Ri  , R ,  , specifying the proposed inserts and deletes for each relation variable R in the program. The semantic association between the nodes is used to compute the edge weights query-independent while the relevance of a node to the query is used to define the node weight query- dependent. Experiments over widely used benchmarks have shown very good results with respect to other approaches  , in terms of both effectiveness and efficiency. We do not know of any that have used interdependence theory. Adding more constraints to the system reduces the size of this set and permits more precise or detailed knowledge about the world. 3 Dynamic Query Optimization Ouery optimization in conventional DBS can usually be done at compile time. In particular  , we 1 revise the definition of previously identified matching degrees and use these to differentiate the usability of a Web service on the goal template level  , 2 present a novel approach for semantic matchmaking on the goal instance level  , and 3 finally integrate the matchmaking techniques for the goal template and the goal instance level. In future it is likely that as we move to a push model of information provision we should provide the means to have local variants of ontologies mapping into our AKT computer science 'standard reference' ontology. Proceedings of the 24th VLDB Conference New York  , USA  , 1998 search have produced several results for efficiently supporting similarity search  , and among them  , quadratic form distance functions have shown their high usefulness. Summing up  , the innovation of our work can be presented in two aspect. associated with each query q  , as is standard in learning to rank 21. It is caused by that statistical features reflect the underlying distribution of translated terms in the document collection  , and also that CLIR features reveal the degree of translation necessity. It is often easier to recognize patterns in an audio signal when samples are converted to a frequency domain spectrogram using the Fast Fourier Transform FFT 3  , see Fig. To this end  , we constructed a domaindependent conceptual lexicon which can be used as an external resource for query expansion. Next  , we use the highest-ranked concepts for each query to improve the retrieval effectiveness of the verbose queries on several standard TREC newswire and web collections. If this heuristic is adopted in the above example  , when the parameter sort order guaranteed from the parent block is {p 1 } only the state retaining scan is considered and the plain table scan is dropped. For each regular expression in RT  we construct the corresponding nondeterministic finite automaton NDFA using Thomson's construction 13. at which character position  an expected markup structure is missing. The robot tries to find a good action by Evolution StrategylO in which the action is coded as a gene. This section describes a control strategy for automatically focusing on a point in a static scene. WordNet synsets are used for query expansion. The " Find-sub-query " call on the merge-combine node is slightly different than on a normal combine node. On the other hand  , in the SQL tradition  , W3QL was a declarative query language that offered opportunities for optimization. The work on diversification of search results has looked into similar objectives as ours where the likelihood of the user finding at least one result relevant in the result set forms the basis of the objective function. Web-based expansion  , on the other hand  , searches much larger external data sources of the Web  , and has shown to be an effective query expansion strategy for difficult queries Kwok  , Grunfeld & Deng  , 2005. In reporting on KMS for TREC 2004  , we described in detail the major types of functions employed: XML  , linguistic  , dictionary  , summarization  , and miscellaneous string and pattern matching. Each of the three bits per word performs a specific function. A downside of this simulation is that we do not know exactly how much time and effort the user has spent on each expansion term. Carnevali  , et al. When there is no relevance to each other  , the category vector similarity is low. Its main function is to transfer users demands to the concerned pool and the informations possibly returned to users from the pool. Our approach allows both safe optimization and approximate optimization. The Epoq approach to extensible query optimization allows extension of the collection of control strategies that can be used when optimizing a query 14. The input sources include data from lexico-syntactical pattern matching  , head matching and subsumption heuristics applied to domain text. Search terminates when no new ps maybeopenedor~only remainingcandidatep: ,iSthe desired destinetionp~ itself. One issue is that the true pignistic Shannon entropy on intermediate combined evidence structures is not available. Fu and Guo 2 proposed a method to learn taxonomy structure via word embedding. We discuss the method used to obtain accepting regular expressions as well as the ranking heuristics below. The final model is believed to be a plausible representation that will aid in further experimental studies  , physical modeling  , and numerical simulation to ultimately result in an improved model with a high degree of confidence for magnetic-screw path planning in soft tissue. Questions QA pairs from categories other than those presented previously . With the computed weights  , the similarity in PCC method is computed as: In our experiments  , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. For each data item in the compressed data  , a backward mapping is necessary to discover the coordinates of the original space  , so that a new position can be computed corresponding to the new requdsted space. , 23  , or on models of link structure conditioned on the attributes e.g. The subjects varied in their ability to identify good expansion terms  , being able to identify 32% -73% of the good expansion terms. However  , they assume that the features depend only on the input sequence and are independent of the output tag sequence. To overcome the problem of data sparsity  , earlier systems rely on imputation to fill in missing ratings and to make the rating matrix dense 28. c RBBDF matrix Figure 1: An example of RBBDF structure sparsity  , frequent model retraining and system scalability. To identify them  , we compute the Shannon entropy from the vector of the smell frequencies < f S  ,t > S for each month t. We find that the least distinctive month is January  , while the most distinctive ones are March  , April  , and May. Out of 50 questions provided by the benchmark we have successfully answered 16 correct and 1 partially correct. maximize the likelihood that our particular model produced the data. We evaluated the results of our individual similarity measures and found some special characteristics of the measures when applied to our specific data. Note that this differs from when emergency rooms are more likely to receive visits 18  , suggesting that urgent search engine temporal patterns may differ from ER visit patterns. Uses of probabilistic language models in information retrieval intended to adopt a theoretically motivated retrieval model given that recent probabilistic approaches tend to use too many heuristics. To understand this property  , consider the paradigm used by previous skyline evaluation techniques  , such as Block Nested Loops 4 and Sort-First Skyline 9 . The curve for sort-merge is labeled SM; the curves for Grace partitioned band join and the hybrid partitioned band join are labeled GP and HP  , respectively. Consider the regular expression AxBx: the patterns ABBB and ACBC are valid with x = B and x = C respectively. This work explores and validates the architecture by means of an autonomic data center prototype called Unity that employs three design patterns: a selfconfiguration design pattern for goal-driven self assembly  , a selfhealing design pattern that employs sentinels and a simple cluster re-generation strategy  , and a self-optimization design pattern that uses utility functions to express high-level objectives. Once the frequency responses of the impedance felt by the operator and the stiffness of the environment had been determined  , the magnitude of the frequency response of the transparency transfer function was calculated by taking the ratio of the magnitude of the impedance felt by the operator to the magnitude of the environment stiffness at each particular frequency using the equation: This approach to frequency-based stiffness identification was implemented through the Spectrum function in MATLAB The Mathworks  , Inc. For example  , a typical mapping approach  , called approximate cell decomposition 7  , maps an environment into cells of predefined shapes. The main idea is to keep the same machinery which has made syntactic search so successful  , but to modify it so that  , whenever possible  , syntactic search is substituted by semantic search  , thus improving the system performance. In addition to high accuracy and robustness  , the classifier demonstrates the potential for realtime implementation with offline model parameter fitting. The most significant recent advance in programming methodology has been the constructive approach to developing correct programs or "programming calculus" formulated in Dijkstra 75  , elaborated with numerous examples in Dijkstra 76  , and discussed further in Gries 76. The relevance judgments are supplied in a format amenable to TREC evaluation . The search and retrieval interface Figure 2 allows users to find videos by combining full text  , image similarity  , and exact/partial match search. However   , instead of using time domain intervals  , we use intervals from the data transformed into alternate representations. For CLIR  , the requirements are much less: It only requires the model to provide a list of the most probable translation words without taking into account syntactic aspects. Section 4 addresses optimization issues in this RAM lower bound context. Note that the ffmith's principle can be applied independently of a particular form of manipulator controller and  , therefore  , other form of a manipulator controller can be chosen as well. Each user presumably has an intrinsic search intent before submitting a query. In fact  , dictionary is a carrier of knowledge expression and storage  , which involves almost all information about vocabulary  , namely static information. Unlike pure hill-climbing  , MPA in DAFFODIL uses a node list as in breadth-first search to allow backtracking  , such that the method is able to record alternative  " secondary " etc. In one experiment with ii queries expressed as ordinary English Questions directed at a collection of 1200 messages  , METER retrieved about seventy percent of relevant messages  , with "retrieved" meaning that a message was in the top 30 returned for a query according to estimated relevance . We looked at the activity signatures of 321 workers who had at least one complete signature and had completed the NER task. The data-transfer cost function reports costs only when one of the two execution sites involved in the link is the current site and the other site involved in the link is a remote site. In monolingual IR this relevance model is estimated by taking a set of documents relevant to the query. Using Equation 2 we define the information content of our final set of N chosen constraint as the increase in likelihood due to the new expected values after all the N constraints have been applied to the data. Queries belonging to this URL pattern have to return at least two columns. iv The large volume of ESI needed to be handled has also been known to lead to suboptimal performance with traditional IR solutions that may need to search hundreds or thousands of individual search indexes when performing an investigative search. We have shown here that at least as far as the current state of the art with respect to Boolean operators is concerned  , a probabilistic theory of information retrieval can be equally beneficial in this regard. Further more  , we define a certain number of unigram language models to capture the extra topics which are the complement to the original paper's abstract. This was so we could examine the effects across different search tasks. In opposition to traditional methods aiming at fitting and sometimes forcing the content of the resources into a prefabricated model  , grounded theory aims at having the underlying model emerge " naturally " from the systematic collection  , rephrasing  , reorganisation and interpretations of the actual sentences and terms of the resources . Since we assume that WS is trivial in size relative to RS  , we make no effort to compress data values; instead we represent all data directly. In our simplified version of pattern matching  , the search trajectory was designed as follows. The first step for the developer is to identify a few elements that could be related to the implementation of the folding feature. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. requirements engineering 12 but most often in the field of software testing 1 . However  , unlike query optimization which must necessarily preserve query equivalence  , our techniques lead to mappings with better semantics  , and so do not preserve equivalence. will be POSITION  , which means the position of Cleveland i.e. To summarize   , Chameleon is able to perfectly cluster these datasets  , whereas both DBSCAN and CURE make mistakes  , or are very dependent on the right parameter values to find the clusters. Following a typical approach for on-line learning  , we perform a stochastic gradient descent with respect to the Further   , the search strategy should be independent from the search space 17. The driving thought behind this approach is that a completion should comply to the local patterns in the database: not just filling in what globally would lead to the highest accuracy . from the LOD Laundromat collection to be findable through approximate string matching on natural language literals. Georeferencing has not only been applied to images or videos. Using this technique  , we applied query expansion based on the relevance information received hitherto. The upper limit k is decided at index construction time  , and is typically a value such as k = 8. The success with which web pages attract in-links from others in a given period becomes an indicator of the page authority in the future. Therefore  , our push-boxto-goal task is made to involve following three suhtask; A the robot needs to find the potential boxsearchTarget1 and approach to the boxapproach Also  , the robot needs to find the pathway to the goalsearchTarget2. This approach  , however  , works only for common encoding patterns for range values in text. Figure 9shows the tape edge roughness for both the left and right sides of the tape  , indicating that the roughness on each side of the tape are generally similar to one another  , though in some cases the left side underneath the cutter is much rougher than the corresponding right side. This approach recognizes the interdependencies between the data allocation and query optimization problems  , and the characteristics of local optimum solutions. In this section  , we elaborate on a complementary example that uses structured data on the Web of Data. In a real interactive situation users may be shown more terms than this. In Section 2 we define our basic concepts and our model of program execution and testing.  Visualization of rank change of each web page with different queries in the same search session. When sorting order is important  , the optimizer adds a  ,modified combine node called merge-combine above the index-scanned relation. For sorting  , Starburst does not use the global buffer pool  , relying instead on a separate sort buffer; we configured its sort buffer size to be lOOKI to provide a comparable amount of space for sorting as for regular I/O. We also augment each such abstract heap location with a formula  , which is a conservative encoding of the current state of that location  , including its type constraints. In theory  , this conversion may generate a DNF with exponentially many clauses. We expected the first prefix-global feature to receive a large negative weight  , guided by the intuition that humans would always go directly to the target as soon as this is possible. Quick search consists of a search box with a drop down menu suggesting a keyword with information about its type like author when keying in search terms. This additional level of indirection results in a more diverse set of expansion terms  , although it may also result in noisy or spurious expansion features  , as well. We chose this way of query expansion since it enables better to specify which documents are relevant. Second  , we explore how ensemble selection behaves with varying amounts of training data available for the critical forward selection step. Based on these semantic annotations  , an intelligent semantic search system can be implemented. Terms with long inverted lists will therefore be examined last since the query terms are sorted by decreasing query weight. For example  , in Figure 1suppose that another liberal news site enters the fray. The autoencoder is still able to discover interesting patterns in the input set. A 980-node surface model is then computed by fitting a deformable surface as shown in Figure 12b. Then  , we separately perform experiments to evaluate the imputation effects of our approach and the applicability of our imputation approach for different effort estimators. some users ask navigational query in the current search engine to open a new one. The coordinate form representation of the latter is given by tlie n x n manipulator Jacobian matrix DecpO. Figure I visualises the results. Kabra and DeWitt 21 proposed an approach collecting statistics during the execution of complex queries in order to dynamically correct suboptimal query execution plans. First  , we describe a novel parameterized query expansion model. , folding a one-dimensional amino acid chain into a three-dimensional protein structure. The weight of the matched sub-tree of a pattern is defined by the formula: For the evaluation of the importance of partially matching sub-trees we use a scoring scheme defined in Kouylekov and Tanev  , 2004. Translations with non-negative LRT D are regarded having good translation quality  , as they perform as well as or better than correct translation in the benchmarks. I. , 9  , 2  , and at sentence level  , e.g. This low storage requirement in turn translates to higher search efficiency. The template of a character is represented by a dot pattern on the 50*50 grid. The simulated camera position is quite oscillatory  , but the motor position curve D is only slightly different to the multi-rate simulation without mechanical dynamics curve C. Figure 6shows the measured and fitted transfer function from motor to camera position  , lated response of the motor position and the camera position respectively. there are so many parallel alternatives  , you will need efficient ways to prune the unreasonable choices quickly. Our measurements prove that our optimization technique can yield significant speedups  , speedups that are better in most cases than those achieved by magic sets or the NRSU-transformation. Eri can be determined by a point estimate from the specific text retrieval model that has been applied. py t |x t  indicates the observation model which is a likelihood function in essence. Since the type is recursive   , Build Surrogate Fn is invoked instead of Horizontal Optimization lines 23-26. To put things in perspective  , music IR is still a very immature field.. For example  , to our knowledge  , no survey of user needs has ever been done the results of the European Union's HARMONICA project are of some interest  , but they focused on general needs of music libraries. For example  , in 12  , syntactic dependency was exploited for resolving word sense ambiguity. The adjacent semantic link panel lists links to more content that is of relevance to what is displayed in the content panel. Videos of our autonomous folding runs are available at the URL provided in the introduction. b Large holdings can be moved to wherever space is available  , without having to rewrite the corresponding catalog database. We now define its semantics. Though content based similarity calculation is an 1 the search volume numbers in the paper are for relative comparison only effective approach for text data  , it is not suitable for use in queries. 1 Sponsored search refers to the practice of displaying ads alongside search results whenever a user issues a query. Then the model chooses T template configurations from the candidate pool  , θ  , to best explain the generation of queries. Information Retrieval models have come a long way. However  , ontologies enable also other relations to be used in query expansion. If the handles were clustered  , the strength of Btrees and direct mapping was exhibited. Under the bag-of-words assumption  , the generative probability of word w in document d is obtained through a softmax function over the vocabulary: Each document vector is trained to predict the words it contains. In Stage II  , we maximize the model likelihood with respect to U and Ψ   , this procedure can be implemented by stochastic gradient descent. After developing the complete path algebra  , we can apply standard query optimization techniques from the area of database systems see e.g. The first node of root in the FP-tree has item-id and pointer. The force static characteristic is single valued and would require  , for example  , an integrator to generate instability. We would like to evaluate a new ranking model by comparing with a baseline  , and looking at the difference in the chosen metric. The time points are identified for the best matching of the segments with pattern templates. In this paper  , only triangular membership functions are coded for optimization. We aim to derive a mapping Ψ : X → V that projects the input features into a K-dimensional latent space. Two similarity functions are defined to weight the relationships in MKN. Figure 5d shows the learning curve of Q-learning incorporating DYNA planning. Results. When more than one task is returned from the procedural knowledge base  , we need to determine which task is the best fit for the user's search intent. The second factor requires matching specific tuple occurrences γ Section 4.2  , which can only be executed when the query terms e.g. The search sessions were first tested as a re-finding search session  , next as an exploratory search session. Bound the marginal distributions in latent space In the previous section  , we have discussed how the marginal distribution difference can be bounded in the space W . As a result of the mapping  , we get the knowledge base entity equivalent of the query input I which has been identified in the NQS instance. The probability that the two hash values match is the same as the Jaccard similarity of the two k-gram vectors . Our previous work on creating self-folding devices controlling its actuators with an internal control system is described in 3. The following equations describe those used as the foundation of our retrieval strategies. A self-folding sheet is defined as a crease pattern composed of cuts and folding edges hinges as shown in Fig 3. A shape memory polymer SMP actuator is located along each folding edge of the sheet  , and its fold angle is encoded by the geometry of the rigid material located at the edge. That is , We use this mapping to parameterize the grasp controller described in Section 3. Fitting an OODB or repository into an existing object model is a delicate activity  , which we explain in detail. The terminal symbols are primitive design steps. In addition there are 9 lexicon lists including: LastNames  , FirstNames  , States  , Cities  , Countries  , JobTitles  , CompanyNameComponents  , Titles   , StreetNameComponents. 12  , the dynamic folding is shown as a continuous sequence of pictures taken at intervals of 57 ms. The individual stereo rigs are calibrated in a standard way using a calibration pattern. This paper focuses on the ranking model. That is  , all statistics that one computes from the completed database should be as close as possible to those of the original data. An end-user can also browse a subject area and view all records assigned to a particular topic. With two straightforward rules  , we have a declar* tive program that derives CDS/function pairs from the similarity facts for a sequence. Due to the absence of the training corpus  , the tuning of all parameters was performed on the testing data using a brute-force hill-climbing approach. Due to the characteristics of the organization  , in the case of NP  , the application of the humanistic change strategy seemed most adequate. The precise probabilistic formulation was eventually formalized in 5  , 27 and appears to have been rediscovered by the IR community at large  , through the language modeling work of Ponte and Croft 19  , a few years later. For the sake of clarity  , the parameters listed are also discretized. l Deciding between different plans requires cost-based optimization of the image expression. Specificity means the pattern is able to identify high-quality relation tuples; while coverage means the pattern can identify a statistically non-trivial number of good relation tuples . Some insights from measurement theory in Mathematical Psychology were briefly covered to illustrate how inappropriate correspondence between symbol and referent can result in logically valid but meaningless inference. The energy stored in the leg is a function of thrust motor angle and is independent of the impact state. The click probability cr is computed as in the RNN configuration Eq. 14 Furthermore  , in contrast to reported analytic techniques based on differential geometry 3 ,4  , 10 ,121  , our method does not require an edge correspondence problem to be solved or a smoothness assumption to be made about the object's surface  , and it produces an integrated  , consistent model from the data. The query expansion procedure of the information retrieval component has been revised and the capability to index nonsegmented audio streams for the unknown story boundaries condition has been added. Re- search Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. That variations can be generated after the search  , as a suggestion of related queries  , or before the search to offer higher quality coverage results. No use was made of anchor text or any other query-independent additional information for the query expansion run; documents were ranked using only their full text. In contrast ~o the BIT model  , the RPI model is able to distinguish between different requests using the same query formulation. What value does the evolution provide to the organization ? This ready-to-use solution comes as a portable command line tool that converts product master data from BMEcat XML files into their corresponding OWL representation using GoodRelations. We select the most important blocks set with the maximum k as watermarking objects. While on the CLIR task PLTMs were configured with T=100  , 200  , 300  , 400  , 500  , 700 and 1k. If the number of columns of the blocks C11 and Caa equals the dimension of the task space  , the cooperating system is " minimal " . Exact pattern matching in a suux tree involves one partial traversal per query. However  , the results of the proposed methods on this year's track are not as good as they are on the training sets. As a result  , a query written in a source language likely has an equivalent in a query log in the target language. Since feature patches are not necessarily fixed over the problem space  , each individual synapse can be affected by a multitude of input values per data example q = 1 ,2 ,. The method applies a " hill-climbing " strategy that makes use of a 3-D playing area measuring   , as visualised in the illustrations discussed above. All the random forest ranking runs are implemented with RankLib 4 . Given a query Q in the source language L1  , we automatically translate the query using a query translation system into the assisting language L2. Selection and reproduction are applied and new population is structured . A simple chemical data set of 300 molecules can require many hours to mine when the user specifies a low support threshold. a given query node to Orn time  , thus needing Orn 2  time for all-pairs SimRank. The remote environment is modeled by an impedance with parallel spring-damper behavior with the transfer function 1/s + 1. By contrast with the RI and CSTR digital libraries  , CSBIB documents are primarily bibliographic records  , rather than full text documents. For large objects  , it performs significantly better at higher false positive rates. 1  propose a formalization of different types of success for informational search  , and presented a scalable game-like infrastructure for crowdsourcing search behavior studies  , specifically targeted towards capturing and evaluating successful search strategies on informational tasks with known intent. The likelihood function formed by assuming independence over the observations: That is  , the coefficients that make our observed results most " likely " are selected. The simulated annealing method has been used in many applications; TSP  , circuit design  , assembly design as well as manufacturing problems  , for example  , for lot size and inventory control Salomon  , et. However  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. We then proceed to detail the supervised machine learning technique used for key concept identification and weighting. We have demonstrated that our implementation allows for interactive-time similarity search  , even over relatively large collections. For example  , one instrumentation rule states " Measure the response time of all calls to JDBC " . We developed a family of referencebased indexing techniques. We implemented the accumulators for Quit and Continue as dynamic structures hash tables and when the stop criterion is as high as 10000 users  , this structure has less of an advantage over arrays. Search results consist of images with ORNs that are close to the query image's ORN  , ranked by ORN distances. For discrete QoS dimensions  , for instance audio fidelity   , whose values are high  , medium and low  , we simply use a discrete mapping table to the utility space. STON89 describes how the XPRS project plans on utilizing parallelism in a shared-memory database machine. Next  , a top-down pass is made so that required order properties req are propagated downwards from the root of the tree. We found that this makes all methods slower by 0.02s but it avoids the need for precomputation. Also  , this method can be accelerated using hierarchical methods like in the pattern matching approach. The parameters of interest are then estimated recursively 9  , 101. Query optimization: DBMSs typically maintain histograms 15 reporting the number of tuples for selected attribute-value ranges. However  , traditional similarity search may fail to work efficiently within a high-dimensional vector space 33  , which is often the case for many real world information retrieval applications. For example  , to identify the DirectConnect protocol we need to perform a regular expression match for: However  , we also know that the first byte of the DirectConnect TCP payload needs to be 36 and the last byte 124. For example   , an optimizer might include constant folding  , common subexpression elimination  , dead code elimination   , loop invariant code motion  , and inline expansion of procedure calls. Search options and all information needed to use the search box must be placed before the box since the screen reader cannot " jump " back and forth as the eyes could. However  , most existing social recommendation models largely ignore contexts when measuring similarity between two users. shows that  , in the limit  , the relative degree of the transfer function is ill-defined. the catalog group taxonomy. Note that the second and third features are very similar to two of the similarity measures used in the enhanced pooling approach Section 3.1.2. For each query term  , we expand it by an additional term that has the highest cohesion value with the other words of the original query. BPTT is to iteratively repeat the calculation of derivations of J with respect to different parameters and obtain these gradients of all the parameters in the end. Connecting attackers: During the eight weeks of our honeypot experiment  , we received 690 attempts to access the URLs of hosted shells  , from 71 unique IP addresses  , located in 17 countries with the top three being Turkey  , USA  , and Germany. Given a query topic Qs = {s1  , s2  , ..  , sn} in source language   , conventional query translation methods endeavor to find a set of translated terms Qt = {t1  , t2  , ..  , tm} in target language. one for each resolvent of a late bound function  , and where the total query plan is generated at start-up time of the application program. But in parametric query optimization  , we need to handle cost functions in place of costs  , and keep track of multiple plans  , along with their regions of optimality  , for each query/subexpression. Context features are effective through inspecting retrieval results  , but such features meantime suffer from higher cost of computation. In that case  , the response time will be even longer. 3  , we can verify the box headed Compatibility. Here  , we assume the camera trajectory is independent of the feature points. These observations show that it is very important to explore the power of multiple kernels for KLSH in some real-world applications. Many questions need to be answered. Instead of building a classifier we use pattern matching methods to find corresponding slot values for entities. where α is the weight that specifies a trade-off between focusing on minimization of the log-likelihood of document sequence and of the log-likelihood of word sequences we set α = 1 in the experiments  , b is the length of the training context for document sequences  , and c is the length of the training context for word sequences. It provides a distributed  , multitenant-capable search engine with a HTTP web interface. The application of the usual Q-learning is restricted to simple tasks with the small action-state space. Expansion terms are then grouped and combined with the original query for retrieval. Then the LSH-based method will be used to have a quick similarity search. ContextPMI and the Hybrid method generally achieve better accuracy and their deterioration in quality is slower compared with APMI and TempCorr . First  , we plan to support additional features such as ordering and aggregation in result customization. Another approach to this problem is to use dynamic query optimization 4 where the original query plan is split into separately optimized chunks e.g. The paper considers a star schema with UB-Tree organized fact tables and dimension tables stored sorted on a composite surrogate key. This feature container provides standardized means to add and remove features  , and allows queries for a particular feature. PM Fj|w = PM w|FjPM Fj In this section  , CLQS is tested with French to English CLIR tasks. Three things are worth mentioning about the results. In this paper  , we rely on the query likelihood model. A set regular path query Q ΞΨ Ð R describes a relation between two sets  , based on a regular expression R together with two quantifiers Ξ and Ψ. But differing from planning previous like k-certainty exploration learning system or Dyna-Q architecture which utilizes the learned model to adjust the policy or derive an optimal policy to the goal  , the objective of this planning is using the learned model to aid the agent to search the rules not executed till current time and realize fully exploring the environment. The example shows that different values of n often result in the same value of the likelihood function. Increased availabMy of on-line text in languages other than English and increased multi-national collaboration have motivated research in cross-language information retrieval CLIR -the development of systems to perform retrieval across languages. In the second experiment  , the robot moved along a corridor environment about 60 meters while capturing images under varying illumination conditions  , as shown in Fig. The primary ways to invoke the JavaScript interpreter are through script URLs; event handlers  , all of which begin with " on " ; and " <script> " tags. All prior work critically requires sentence-aligned parallel data and readily-available translation dic- tionaries 14  , 11 to induce bilingual word embeddings BWEs that are consistent and closely aligned over languages. When there exist no modeling errors  , i.e. The scope of these free variables is restricted to the rule where they appear just like for Prolog clauses. This is done without any overhead in the procedure of counting conditional databases. Similar attempts   , using the sum of absolute differences  , were also reported in the early stages of research on this topic. In this paper  , however  , the authora use just a fairly small and thus ~ alistic document representation  , made up from 25 &at&t terms taken horn the titles of scientific papers. A substring of the elementtext of an HTML tree is denoted as string source. Both CPU and I/O costs of executing a query are considered. Figure 1shows that if one of the query terms is not translated x-axis  , how the corresponding AP y-axis changes using the correct translations of the rest of terms as a query. query terms rather than document terma because they were investigating probabilistic retrieval Model 2 of Robertson et.al. Section 2 presents an overview of the works carried out in the field of CLIR systems. An algebraic system A is developed that is specialized for detecting data flow anomalies. Models Table 2. The impact of oracle expansion classifier We can have the following joint model for citations based on documents in different types: We developed our model based on PLSA 4. A task is defined to be an application of a rule to a goal. The normalized cost of a plan is defined as the execution cost of the plan divided by the cost of the plan that uses no approximate predicates. In order to get a better perspective of how well the Human Interest Model performs for different types of topics  , we manually divided the TREC 2005 topics into four broad categories of PER- SON  , ORGANIZATION  , THING and EVENT as listed in Table  3 . Hence  , we use hierarchical softmax 6  , to facilitate faster training. Both our weighting scheme and the two weighting schemes to be compared are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method to predict ratings for test users. As desired by the user the list can be reduced to terminal authors. Given is a document-aligned comparable corpus in two languages LS and LT with vocabularies V S and V T . This leads us to the conclusion that the contribution metric seems to capture different aspects of research performance than citation counts. Once the pattern tree match has occurred we must have a logical method to access the matched nodes without having to reapply a pattern tree matching or navigate to them. With Q-Learning  , the learning rate is modeled as a function. Several new operations are needed to manipulate labels with properties. We needed to index most of the content  , so indexing the content with partial noise was preferred to the one where some content blocks are unrecognized. Mapping reliable memory into the database address space allows a persistent database buffer cache. For example  , if the query is " night "   , relevant pictograms are first selected using the highest semantic relevance value in each pictogram  , and once candidate pictograms are selected  , the pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category  , which in this case is the TIME category. We followed Chapelle et al. As a result  , learning on the task-level is simpler and faster than learning on the component system level. Note that LambdaRank learns on triplets  , as before  , but now only those triplets that produce a non-zero change in S by swapping the positions of the documents contribute to the learning. In this section  , we illustrate our string analyzer by examples. For example  , consider the task of recognizing the U-shaped pipe fitting in the left scene of Figure2. The expansion terms are extracted from top 100 relevant documents according to the query logs. Portions of many different paths may therefore be explored before a solution path is finally found. The next step in the indexing method is dedicated to comparing audio representations  , which is performed using string matching techniques. These values for the constraints were decided after observing the experimental results. Unfortunately  , due to the exponential growth of the number of subspaces with respect to the dimension of the dataset  , the problem of outlying subspace detection is NPhard by nature. We can also adjust the model parameters such as transition  , emission and initial probabilities to maximize the probability of an observable sequence. That is  , we assume individuals have attrition rates that are randomly drawn from this estimated population distribution  , and define the probability of observing a completed chain ω of length Lω to be To address this possibility of over-fitting  , we consider a second heterogeneous attrition model  , in which attrition probabilities Ri are randomly generated from the distribution of estimated attrition rates shown in Figure 1. For example  , some search engines categorize or cluster search results Figure 1 and some search engines display regular search results and sponsored links in different dynamic sections. Query expansion is another technique in the retrieval component. For 2  , the reduction is from DISJOINT PATHS  , whose NP-completeness follows immediately from results in FHw801. With the same objective  , genetic search strategies Goldberg891 can be applied to query optimization  , as a generalization of randomized ones EibengOl. In addition  , similar to other search-based software engineering SBSE 15  , 14 approaches  , genetic programming often suffers from the computationally expensive cost caused by fitness evaluation  , a necessary activity used to distinguish between better and worse solutions. Because most search engines only index a certain portion of each website  , the recall rate of these searches is very low  , and sometimes even no documents are returned. Accordingly   , in future work  , we intend to introduce additional types of concepts into the parameterized query expansion framework   , including multiple-term expansion concepts  , named entities  , and non-adjacent query term pairs. As a demonstrator for contextualized corpora  , we have created a semantic search demo based on Apache Solr and PHP. For confident corrections  , the search engine can search the corrected query directly. The reason is that we map different overall detection ratios to the same efficiency class  , respectively  , different sets of individual detection ratios to the same span by using the range subdivisions . We discuss the latter notion a bit more formally as it returns in the specification of XML Schema in the form of the Unique Particle Attribution rule. In the EROC architecture this mapping function is captured by the abstraction mapper. Continuous states are handled and continuous actions are generated by fuzzy reasoning in DFQL. 19  select ranking functions using genetic programming   , maximizing the average precision on the training data. Think of a tool that marks up dates. 1 It can acquire translations for some out of vocabulary OOV queries without any need for crawling web pages. In each round a random successor of the current solution is looked at. On the other hand  , declarative query languages are easier to read since inherently they describe only the goal of the query in a simpler syntax  , and automatic optimization can be done to some degree. for a minimal functional language with string concatenation and pattern matching over strings 23. Generators hold a dct:description  , a sparql query :generator- Sparql and a link to a pattern :basedOnPattern. To explore the practicality of this approach  , we have implemented it and conducted an experimental study. Only repeated search at a point makes the uncertainty tend to zero. From one of the authors' home page 3 it is possible to find a link to the demo web application of the developed search engine. We chose these two benchmark systems because Google is currently known as the best general search engine and NanoSpot is currently one of the best NSE domain-specific search engines. The sorted data items in these buffers are next merge-sorted into a single run and written to disk along with the tags. Browsing a " best " set required using the application's pull-down menu to open files from the hard disk. To give the reader some idea  , the regular expression used for phone number detection in Y! Similar methods have been used for kinodynamic planning 17  , 18  , 61. We divide each document into 9 sections to perform fielded search  , assuming that queries contain parts relevant to varying sections in the documents. That is  , we break the optimization task into several phases and then optimize each phase individually. The shared central servers are taken as the central servers for the new MDNs  , while the other central servers are discarded . It is possible t o parametrize all the compensators that stabilize the plant P using the following theorem. A potential transformation is made by selecting one of the sets belonging to Ë and then replacing a random point in this -set by a random point not in the -set. Usually  , position controllers are developed using transfer functions from the input torque T to the tip position y. Finally  , the third recursive case concerns the availability of both negative and positive examples. , pat. An input instance of DREAM model consists a series of baskets of items  , which are sequential transactions of a specific user. The first layer input layer only consists of weights and each neuron is associated to one input variable of the dataset. Augmenting each word with its possible document positions  , we therefore have the input for the Viterbi program  , as shown below: For this 48-word sentence  , there are a total of 5.08 × 10 27 possible position sequences. Furthermore  , the time-varying nature of the current problem prohibits one from formulating an adequate cost function. The transfer function depends on the geometry given by the diameter function of the part. A critical assumption is that evaders' motions are independent of the motions of the pursuer. Planning is made through " examining " every Q values on the model which is learned by real experiences. We show that our approach improves retrieval performance compared to vector space-based and generative language models  , mainly due to its ability to perform semantic matching 34. In this paper  , we investigated the possibility of replacing MT with a probabilistic model for CLIR. As mentioned in Section 3.2  , a parameter is required to determine the semantic relatedness knowledge provided by the auxiliary word embeddings. Consequently  , a fast robot might finish covering the next search disc before the slow robot finished searching in the previous disc  , thus  , for H-MRSTM  , condition 1 does not suffice  , and the following condition complements it. Once we have computed the distance for each field of the record pair  , we use a support vector machine to determine the overall goodness of the match. The user can view the document frequency of each phrase and link to the documents containing that phrase. Most importantly  , a GA embedded search based dynamic scheduling strategy is proposed to produce a feasible and near-optimal schedule to resolve the conventional problem with exponential growth of search time vs. the problem size. The query language of SphereSearch combines concept-aware keyword-based search with specific additions for abstraction-aware similarity search and context-aware ranking. Previous approaches 5  , 1  , 6  to solve Problem 1 were focusing on its search space  , exploiting in different ways the pruning power of the regular expression R over unpromising patterns. The availability of test collection and translation resources was the overriding factor determining our choice of languages. MUST currently uses all the possible translations for each content word and performs no weight adjustment. We explain our choice of the function φ and hence our specific weight function wu  , v by showing that the weight of a matching is proportional to its log likelihood  , and the matching with maximum expected weight i.e. When the objects interpenetrate the origin of TCspace slips into the TCSO  , and GJK discovers a simplex almost certainly a tetrahedron containing the origin and within the TCSO. We consider two cases  , depending on the actuator location -at the motor figure 9.a and at the joint figure 9.b. Instead of using space partitioning  , it relies on a new method called localitysensitive hashing LSH. It is difficult to apply the usual Q-learning to the real robot that has many redundant degrees of freedom and large action-state space. -providing the a-priori knowledge on the C-space configuration and the type of shared control active compliance or using nominal sensory pat- terns. Note that the fitting curve and the average error are shown in Fig. Distributions for random variables X s Q u b may be obtained by learning a score distribution P X s i  for each join input i. Therefore while any move that is a true downhill step will be accepted  , some additional uphill steps will also be accepted. Questions and candidate snippets are analyzed by our information extraction pipeline 13   , which extracts entity mentions  , performs within-document and cross-document coreference  , detects relations between entity mentions  , compute parse trees  , and assigns semantic roles to constituents of the parse tree. For the second iteration  , we will consider links numbered 2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 from first engine  , 1 ,2 ,4 ,5 ,6 from the second one  , 1 ,2 ,4 ,5 ,6 from the third one and so on in selecting the next best similarity. Although our plane fitting test is fast  , the time overhead that such an approach would introduce made us avoid its usage in such cases. We found that we are able to predict correctly implicit state information based on geospatial named entities using a Random Forest RF classifier with precision of 0.989  , recall 0.798  , and F1 of 0.883  , for Pennsylvania. How many is counted by the docCount rela- tionship  , which relates a search set to a number  , an atomic concept below Number. The result is produced by performing an in-memory duplicate elimination on each of the derived buckets. They obtain an affordance map mapping locations at which activities take place from learned data encoding human activity probabilities. Furthermore  , if a structurally recursive query is applied to non-recursive XML data  , the structural function inlining transforms a recursive function call into a finitely nested iterations sensitive to their local types. Introducing a pattern language opens another interesting direction: pattern matching and induction. For query expansion  , we made use of the external documents linked by the URLs in the initial search results for query expansion. Note that the empty language ∅ is not allowed as basic expression. Practical compensators can seldom succeed in such cases. When a document d and a query q are given  , the ranking function 1 is the posterior probability that the document multinomial language model generated query5. Relation a  , an abstraction relation  , explains how any given concrete design  , d ∈ cm  , instantiates i.e. We also explored the effect of a sequence of query expansion iterations. They show that their model can predict search success effectively on their data and on a separate set of log data comprising search engine sessions. For evaluation purposes  , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. There must  , however  , be a very efficient inner loop which is executed a number of times proportional to the signature file size. Animation also ensures that the current state of the entity is being mapped  , which is an essential property for software evolution. First  , low level operators in most commercial DBMSs are very similar  , for example  , scan  , index scan  , nested join  , sort merge join  , depth first pointer chasing  , etc. 4shows the data flow in the control loop that runs at f control = 7.81 Hz. The model is significantly different from other recently proposed models in that it does not attempt to translate either the query or the documents. Each query was executed in three ways: i using a relational database to store the Web graph  , ii using the S-Node representation but without optimization  , and iii using S- Node with cluster-based optimization. The white space features:  At least four consecutive white space characters are found in data rows  , separating row headers from data  , and in titles that are centered. We used MeSH Medical Subject Headings for query expansion. and E-= q ,e3 ,egl. A challenge in any search optimization including ours is deriving statistics about variables used in the model; we have presented a few methods to derive these statistics based on data and statistics that is generally available in search engines. Both solutions deal with dynamic reoptimization of parts of a single query  , but they do not save and exploit this knowledge for the next query optimization run. Sµqi  , c  , qi ∈ Ω Average character trie-gram similarity with all previous queries in the session Ω. Positive examples were obtained by setting up the laser scanner in an open area with significant pedestrian traffic; all clusters which lay in the open areas and met the threshold in Sec. This more general problem will also be investigated in the CLIR track for the upcoming TREC-7 conference. 7+ is the operator of a regular expression meaning at least one occurrence. In the same vein  , there are several examples of navigational queries in the IBM intranet where the best result is a function of the geography of the user  , i.e. Games in game theory tend to encompass limited interactions over a small range of behaviors and are focused on a small number of well-defined interactions. Thecompared AveP and G AveP. Increasing the candidate statements beyond 200 never increases the number of correct patches that are first to validate . 7b shows that a higher dose of 18-αGA inhibitor resulted in significantly shorter dye transfer distances. A moving average window of 25 consecutive values is used to smooth the data. Information Retrieval typically measures the relevance of documents to a query based on word similarity. Such a study will help identify good candidate pivot languages. These characteristics also impact the optimization of queries over these sources. Fcwcr pages for the heap-sort results in more merge passes; and fewer pages for the hash probiug may result in thrashing. The learning threshold E l in our simulation study is also chosen concerning the characteristics of the sequential data sets and locates in the range 0.05  , 0.5. Stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization . Contrarily  , the idea behind our solution is to focus on the input dataset and the given regular expression. In addition  , we can perform subpixel localization in the discretized pose space by fitting a surface to the peak that occurs at the most likely robot position. Our task is to predict user engagement solely on the basis of inexpensive  , easy-to-acquire user interaction signals. The CSTR search interface is based solely on keyword searching; no bibliographic records are provided by the sites from which the documents are harvested  , and  , unlike the RI system  , CSTR does not parse documents to automatically extract bibliographic details. Three parts should be deposited to the output stock St4 at 23  , 32 and 41 units of time. Second  , some text may happen to match a regular expression by coincidence but still the document may fail to support the answer. The agent aims not only to explore the various features of the application under test  , but also to identify the most significant features and their combinations. From the experimental results   , we can see that SAE model outperforms other machine learning methods. Note that although the first two baselines are heuristic and simple   , they do produce reasonable results for short-term popularity prediction  , thus forming competitive baselines see 29. Small η values may cause the learning model over-sensitive to the training samples. As queries we assume single term queries  , which form the basis for more complex and combined queries in a typical Information Retrieval setting. Such tools do not generate concrete test cases and often result in spurious warnings  , due to the unsoundness of the modeling of language semantics. Query expansion improves performance for all query lengths. Figure 10shows the likelihood and loop closure error as a function of EM iteration. Other types of optimizations such as materialized view selection or multi-query optimization are orthogonal to scan-related performance improvements and are not examined in this paper. In a conventional optimizer we have a single value as the cost for an operation or a plan and a single optimal plan for a query/sub-query expression. A popular similarity measure is the Pearson correlation coefficient 5. See 8  , 25 for data on accuracy and execution time of simulated annealing and tabu search. When a user submits a query to a search engine through a Web browser  , the search engine returns search results corresponding to the query. We will discuss the haptics in Section 2.3  , but first we give the mathematical model. The TPI model makes more use of the specific assumption of the indexing model  , 80 that for any other indexing model a new retrieval model would have to be developed. 2. Space does not permit entire rules templates are shown or the inclusion of the entire mapping rule set  , but this is not needed to show how the homomorphism constrains the rules. We also presuppose that the search proceeds in the following manner: Thus  , the search time is relatively longer than in a search from a keyword-based database. In light of these problems  , we have not yet implemented a sufficiently complete narrowing function in EXPRESS. The muscles or tendons  , which help moving the human hand  , are roughly classified flexor muscles and extensor musclesl. Similarly  , node 2 has two children for the two occurrences " B 1 C 1 " and " B 2 F 1 " of the expression " BC|F* " . words translation 7. In this section  , we first establish a baseline using our transliteration module and commercial monolingual location search systems  , since no other comparable crosslingual location search system exists. During the past decade colleges and universities have witnessed an exponential growth in digital information available for teaching and learning. According to the age division standard released by the United Nations we make age into 12 categories. The quality of a search is defined as probability of the event that user clicks on a search result presented to her as the answer to the search. It is ideally suited for data already stored on a distributed file system which offers data replication as well as the ability to execute computations locally on each data node. But searchable forms are very sparsely distributed over the Web  , even within narrow domains. This is because not all these 14 runs are included in the 23 runs; and each run may execute a different set of statements and therefore may take a different amount of time. Hence  , in order to obtain more specific latent query intents  , we often need to obtain rather a large number of latent query intents. This effect is similar to that of the XQuery core's relating projection to iteration . In a simulated study carried out in 18  , the author compares the retrieval performance of interactive query expansion and automatic query expansion with a simulated study  , and suggests that the potential benefits of the former can be hard to achieve. RaPiD7 has been developed and used in Nokia  , which can be referred to as being a large telecommunications company. From Table 1  , we see that PLSA extracts reasonable topics . Thus  , recent research on improving the robustness of expansion methods has focused on either predicting whether a given expansion will be more effective for retrieval than the original query 2  , 7  , or on improving the performance robustness of specific expansion methods 10  , 13. Consequently   , the DMP method cannot react to dynamic changes of the mix of transactions that constitute the current load. 2 Unless otherwise specified  , we set the total number of sampled pseudo queries Q to 400  , and the average number of pseudo positive dp and negative judgments dn for each query to 10 and 20  , respectively  , keeping the ratio of positive to negative judgments at 0.5. Given a query topic Qs = {s1  , s2  , ..  , sn}  , we denote its correct translation as We selected Prevayler because it was used as a case study for an aspect-oriented refactoring method by Godil  , Zhang  , and Jacobsen 1428. The main challenge for diversifying the results of keyword queries over RDF graphs  , is how to take into consideration the semantics and the structured nature of RDF when defining the relevance of the results to the query and the dissimilarity among results. The idea of the interactive query optimization test was to replace the automatic optimization operation by an expert searcher  , and compare the achieved performance levels as well as query structures. As 1 mentioned  , collection enrichment is a good strategy to improve the retrieval performances of difficult topics. , strawberry  , aeroplane  , insect and activities e.g. Given a user profile and a set of search keywords  , the search engine selects an ad advertisement  to display in the search result page. A similar landmark is used in 7  , two concentric circles that produce in the sensor image an elliptical edge. The improvements increased with the sparseness of the dataset  , as expected because sparse FA correctly handles sparseness. It reaches a maximum MRR of 0.879 when trained with 6 data sources and then saturates  , retaining almost the same MRR for higher number of training data sources used. TBSL 19 uses so called BOA patterns as well as string similarities to fill the missing URIs in query templates and bridge the lexical gap. Similar efficiency considerations for using several query models were described in some recent reports on predicting query performance and on robust query expansion 36  , 3. proposed a similar method to inverse pattern matching that included wild cards 9. In contrast to MBIS the schema is not fixed and does not need to be specified  , but is determined by the underlying data sources. We submitted ve oocial CLIR runs and scored an additional four unoocial runs locally  , as shown in Table 2. According to one model Collection-centric  , each collection is represented as a term distribution computed over its contents. their rapid evaluation. While NEs have been worked on extensively in IR and CLIR  , transliterated queries where the text  , in addition to NE  , is represented in the script of another language  , typically English  , have not received adequate attention. For a robot a significant proportion of the environmental changes are known and can be predicted in advance from the task program which the user defines via the supervisory computer. Combining these two values using a weighted sum function  , a final function value is calculated for every image block  , and the image block is categorized into one of the three classes: picture  , text  , and background. Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval CLIR addresses the problem of ranking documents whose language differs from the query language. Prediction quality measured using Pearson correlation serves as the optimization criterion in the learning phase. whereas a reference to a book may be represented author  , author  ,  * : " title "   , publisher  , year. The control we present here is designed to support thii kind of extensibility. We then present a constructive argument to show that only On projection sets need be considered to obtain the diameter function. We have also applied C-PRM to several problems arising in computational Biology and Chemistry such as ligand binding and protein folding. In the case of page. It would be easy to retrieve that path by using an appropriate regular expression over the name property in each label e.g. We introduce the latent variable to indicate each topic under users and questions. The second approach is to project document vectors from one language into another using cross-language information retrieval CLIR techniques. If a DataGuide is to be useful for query formulation and especially optimization  , we must keep it consistent when the source database changes. These are topics of future research. The design includes the assignment of an appropriate set of admissible strategies and payoff functions to all players. According to the authors  , it appears that document translation performs at least as well as query translation. Our empirical study with documents from ImageCLEF has shown that this approach is more effective than the translation-based approach that directly applies the online translation system to translate queries. Different from the above work  , we investigate the capability of social annotations in improving the retrieval performance as a promising resource for query expansion. The values of the sensitivity transfer functions along the normal and tangential directions  , within their bandwidths  , are 0.7 m / l b f and 0.197 in/lbf respectively. We then took the mean of these n ratings and computed Pearson correlation between Turker mean responses and expert mean responses . For example  , V1 may store some tuples that should not contribute to the query  , namely from item nodes lacking mail descendants. Also  , the calculation of the object distance is slightly different in the implementation of ARTOO than the formula given in Section 2  , in that no normalization is applied to the elementary distances as a whole: for characters  , booleans  , and reference values the given constants are directly used  , and for numbers and strings the normalization function given in Section 2 is applied to the absolute value of the difference for numbers and to the Levenshtein distance respectively for strings. This expansion task is very similar to the translation selection in CLIR. In contrast  , our goal in this paper is to infer the more general class of deterministic expressions . To ensure that edge score is a probability  , |  , is computed via softmax as |  , exp ∑ exp The remainder of this article is structured as follows: In the next section  , we describe our method to automatically quantize the sensor spaces. Section 4 describes query expansion with ontologies. To further demonstrate this  , we experiment with the following autoregressive model that utilizes the volume of blogs mentions. Pang and Lee found that using the Support Vector Machine classifier with unigrams and feature presence resulted in a threefold classification accuracy of 83%; therefore we also follow this strategy and use unigrams and only take into account feature presence. Blog post opinion retrieval aims at developing an effective retrieval function that ranks blog posts according to the likelihood that they are expressing an opinion about a particular topic. Because the commercial versions of the dictionaries were converted automatically to CLIR versions  , with no manual changes done to the dictionaries or the translations  , the performance level of the CLIR queries achieved in the study can be achieved in practice in an operational CLIR setting. Therefore  , the results retrieved based on it are more relevant to the query than those retrieved by the CBR systems  , which rely on low-level features only. Overall  , Pearson correlation coefficient between Eye-tracking and ViewSer groups computed for each individual result was 0.64  , which indicates substantial cor- relation. We estimated 2s + 1 means  , but assumed that all of the output functions shared a common covariance matrix. The search engine then returns a ranked list of documents. Thus  , the system does not adopt a purely agglomerative or divisive approach  , but rather uses both kind of operators for the construction of the tree. An exact positioning of the borderline between the various groups of similar documents  , however  , is not as intuitively to datarmine as with hierarchical feature maps that are presented above. are in fact simple examples demonstrating the use of the system-under-test. In this paper   , we describe a query parser between ASR and Search. State-of-theart QA systems adopt query expansion QE to alleviate such problems 5  , 10  , 8. Regular expressions REs are recursively defined as follows: every alphabet symbol a ∈ Σ is a regular expression. Query-performance predictors are used to evaluate the performance of permutations. The intention of the method is to trade time for space requirements. Several plans are identified and the optimal plan is selected. For assessing pattern validity  , we use a simple measure based on the relative frequency of matching contexts in the context set. is a stable transfer function. SLIDIR differs from general image search engines  , as it focuses solely on slide image retrieval from presentation sets. Updates may cause swapping via the bubble sort  , splitting  , and/or merging of tree nodes Updates to DB does not lead to any swapping of tree nodes  old gets changed. These clauses are well-defined provided the negation operator is not used in front of recursive predicates. Consider that data D consists of a series of observations from all categories. These results point to a fundamentally weak association between a sentence's COGENT score and its expert-assigned coreness  , supporting the first of the two above possibilities. When ranking a query-document pair q  , d  , NCM LSTM QD uses behavior information from historical query sessions generated by the query q and whose SERPs contain the document d. NCM LSTM QD+Q also uses behavioral information from all historical query sessions generated by the query q  , which helps  , e.g. The estimated values were: 60 Allele  , 40 Expression  , 25 Gene Ontology and 25 Tumor. A search engine can only estimate the user's intentions based on the search terms used and assuming " an average user " . Mechanism design is a branch of game theory aiming at designing a game so that it can attain the designer's social objective after being played for a certain period or when it reaches an equilibrium state  , assuming all players are rational. Similarly  , when designing a new method for MRTA  , our definition of the problem and our exposition on previous approaches may prove useful. Different from the traditional PLSA 9  , S-PLSA focuses on sentiments rather than topics. , if the input string matches the vulnerability signature. We show a mutually recursive relationship between bias and unbiased rating  , i.e. sign that we chose to undertake when the leg phase alternates between support and transfer. , a model of the assignment of indexing terms to documents. For the feature sets  , combining the full text terms  , gene entities and MeSH terms is effective but even the combinations of two of them work reasonably well. In the following section  , five pictogram categories are described  , and characteristics in pictogram interpretation are clarified. The model can be formulated as In contrast to ARSA  , where we use a multi-dimensional probability vector produced by S-PLSA to represent bloggers' sentiments  , this model uses a scalar number of blog mentions to indicate the degree of popularity. We propose a novel supervised joint aspect and sentiment model SJASM  , which is a probabilistic topic modeling framework that jointly detects aspects and sentiments from reviews under the supervision of the helpfulness voting data. The topic pattern First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. The query term selection optimization was evaluated by changing /3 and 7. With our TREC-8 submission  , we are in a position to assess how well our techniques extend to European languages. Pattern matching with variable 'don't care' symbols can now be easily performed  , if the input signals set the D flip-flop values throughout the duration of pattern matching. We will use these retrieval scores as a feature in learning to rank. Dropout technique is utilized in all the experiments in the hidden layer of the sparse autoencoder and the probability of omitting each neural unit is set as 0.5. However  , best-first search also has some problems. The LossRole is played by a loss function that defines the penalty of miss-prediction  , e.g. The effectiveness of our query feature expansion is compared with state-of-the-art word-based retrieval and expansion models. If missing values are missing at random and data set size allows  , missing values rows can be discarded. Although framed mainly in the context of a specific set of game rules  , we extend the theory into the real world by first observing that user population on Steam Community does not follow real-world geographic population and  , more importantly   , cheaters are not uniformly distributed. Denote the joint space of an n-joint  , serialdifferentiability of g is necessary because the joint accelerations are bounded  , and therefore the joint velocities must be continuous . In our experiments  , the base definition generation system used is the system discussed in Section 2 and illustrated in Figure 1. It can be seen that Q-learning incorporated with DYNA or environmental·information reduce about 50 percent of the number of steps taken by the agent. In fact  , the iterative and recursive programs do compute the same function; i.e. This is due to the fact that the Simulated Annealing method is a stochastic approach. We are interested in realizing: whether this nice characteristic makes it possible for the bilingual translations of a large number of unknown query terms to be automatically extracted; and whether the extracted bilingual translations if any can effectively improve CLIR performance. The influence spread of top-k nodes seems always converges with smaller number of iterations than the convergence of the set of top-k nodes. On the other  , they are useful for query optimization via query rewriting. Using S-PLSA as a means of " summarizing " sentiment information from blogs  , we develop ARSA  , a model for predicting sales performance based on the sentiment information and the product's past sales performance. Unfortunately  , it is well known that the generation of the reachability tree takes exponential time for the general case. Accordingly  , we present a novel probabilistic approach to fusion that lets similar documents across the lists provide relevance-status support to each other. State-of-the-Art. The third interaction module that we implemented is a rhythmic phrase-matching improvisation module. In the literature " approximate string matching " also refers to the problem of finding a pattern string approximately in a text. Utility is a unifying  , if sometimes implicit  , concept in economics IO  , game theory 17  , and operations research 121  , as well as multi-robot coordination see The idea is that each individual can somehow internally estimate the value or the cost of executing an action. Since we assume the problem solving task  , the unbiased Q-learning takes long time. Once a transfer function is shown to be passive  , the system can be stabilized easily using the following theorem. In that case  , we will consider the major to minor ordering R.d  , R.b for nested loop and R.b  , R.d for sort-merge. Additionally  , as the result of parsing the questions  , we obtain question category i.e. We use the most recent 400 examples as hold-out test set  , and gradually add in examples to the training set by batches of size 50  , and train a Random Forest classifier. Cost-based query optimization techniques for XML 22  , 29 are also related to our work. Additionally  , ultrasonic diagnosis images were obtained for which pattern matching was performed to measure the virtual target position. For this reason  , it is not usually used in common applications. As an alternative  , we also explored three ways of incorporating translation probabilities directly into the formulae: 1. McCarley 28 trained a statistical MT system from a parallel corpus  , applied it to perform QT and DT  , and showed that the combination of scores from QT and DT drastically improved either method alone. A post-search questionnaire was filled out after the search  , and an exit interview after the experiment was conducted. , temporal similarity and location-based similarity using different correlation metrics: Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient  , Spearman's rank correlation coefficient  , and Kendall tau rank correlation coefficient. JunGL is primarily a functional language in the tradition of ML. A example is to run Microsoft WORD 1.0 on a Linux operating system emulating Windows 3.1. 12 and Jones et al. We case-fold in our experiments. This result motivates a CS experiment where we check the correlation between TCT and performance  , completing our argument for detecting careless workers by their TCT under competition conditions. Memory management. Consequently  , our approach performs probable answer detection and extraction by applying syntactic pattern-matching techniques over relevant paragraphs. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. The method is based on looking at the kinematic parameters of a manipulator as the variables in the problem  , and using methods of constrained optimization to yield a solution. The argument can be any expression of antecedent operators and concepts and text. Furthermore  , our work combines a streaming DBSCAN method along with constraints requirements that are not only at the instance level  , but also at the cluster level. The vibration modes of the flexible beam are identified by the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , and illustrated in Fig. This paper focuses on the PGA memory management since this memory holds the run-time memory of executing SQL statements. Summing over query sessions  , the resulting approximate log-likelihood function is These patterns  , such as looking for copular constructions and appositives  , were either hand-constructed or learned from a training corpus. Secondly  , we would like to establish whether term frequency  , as modelled by the TP distribution  , represents useful additional information. As a consequence  , the " curse of dimensionality " is lurking around the corner  , and thus the hyperparameters such as initial conditional probabilities and smoothing parameters settings have the potential to significantly affect the results 1. The pattern-matching language is based on regular expressions over the annotations; when a sequence of annotations is matched by the left-hand side pattern  , then the right-hand side defines the type of annotation to be added Organization in the example case above. User search interests can be captured for improving ranking or personalization of search systems 30  , 34  , 36 . Until meeting a new instance with different class label; 10. The averagc However  , even if two different users both install the same app  , their interests or preferences related to that app may still be at different levels. Hence users may not be able to see all the photographs actually belonging to that cluster. Previous results that have combined query-and document-side semantic dependencies have shown mixed results 13  , 27. We Figure 2 : Three-tiered distributed sort on Cell  , using bitonic merge. Every block traveled adds one unit to the cost function  , and each transfer contributes four units but takes a negligible time to execute. The succession measure defined on the domain of developer pairs can be thought of as a likelihood function reflecting the probability that the first developer has taken over some or all of the responsibilities of the second developer. For each procedure  , we enumerate a finite set of significant subgraphs; that is  , we enumerate subgraphs that hold semantic relevance and are likely to be good semantic clone candidates . , sort  , might also be content with this simple open-next-close protocol  , which  , however  , may restrict the flexibility of their implementation. The order of this list was fixed to give a one-to-one mapping of distinct terms and dimensions of the vector space. , query expansion on the translated queries  , and the combination-translation query expansion  , i.e. , Pearson correlation with true AP. The other characters are used as delimiters between tokens. As of today  , these two approaches i.e. For the purposes of CLIR  , it seems clear that the appropriate basis for constructing a similarity function is the differential effect on retrieval if both terms were considered to represent the same concept. Therefore  , it is recommended to provide similarity search techniques that use generalized distance functions. This is done using stochastic gradient descent. Within the class of heuristic searches  , R* is somewhat related to K-best-first search 20. The predominant way in industry is ROLAP since 1 it can be deployed on any of the widely-used relational databases  , 2 industry-relevant data such as from accounting and customer relationship management often resemble star schemas 17 and 3 research has focused on optimising ROLAP approaches 15. A good initial retrieval will result in an improvement in query expansion performance but a poor initial retrieval will only make it worse.