Then  , with the window with the code in it displayed  , we would observe the user dragging out a rectangular region to capture the lines of code in this older version of the function that are of interested to them  , so they can bring it forward in time to be pasted into the current version of the code. This can be perceived from results already. This relationship is then visualized in a 2D or 3D-space. There are something good and something bad. We used the TREC 2009 web track ad hoc queries and judgments as our training data. ,  , m 10The computational strategy adopted for understanding a document consists of a hierarchical model fitting  , which limits the range of labelling possibilities. The reward is a repository that offers the powerful extensibility of COMZActiveX  , without requiring many new extensibility features of its own. Second  , we wanted to prevent over-fitting of the field defect prediction adjustment model i.e. They developed an improved search engine for content on Stack Overflow which recommends question-and-answer pairs as opposed to entire Q&A threads based on a query. they are defined as instances rdf:type of classes derived from the catalog group hierarchy. Using deviance measures  , e.g. Whereas the quasi-steady model requires fitting coefficients   , this numerical model is rigorously derived from Navier Stokes equations and does not require fitting pa-rameters. where µt and Σt are prior mean and prior covariance matrix respectively. Find takes the following arguments: stack  , which contains the nodes on the path from the root to the current node of Find Find starts tree traversal from the top node of the stack; if the stack is empty  , the root of the tree is assumed; search-key  , the key value being sought; lock-mode  , a flag which indicates whether an exclusive lock  , shared lock  , or neither should be obtained on the key returned by Find; and latch-mode  , a flag which if True indicates that the node at which Find terminates should be latched exclusively. We also express the model constraints in a coordinate invariant form as pairwise relations between primitives. Having computed the topical distribution of each individual tweet  , we can now estimate an entire profile's topical diversity and do so by using the Shannon diversity theorem entropy: Topical Diversity. By the language of model selection  , it is to select a model best fitting the given corpus and having good capability of generality. We obtain results comparable to the state of the art and do so in significantly less time. Comparing figure 10with figure 7b shows that the accuracy is similar to our previous experiments where the exact robot distance t o the obstacle was measured. target formats can be executed loss-free; however  , this cannot be said in general for the transformation of a source to a target format. The proportion of positive examples in the annotation hierarchy subtask was low  , and for that subtask we experimented with upweighting positive training examples relative to negative ones. Finally  , we obtained the following model for λ: We started with all possibly relevant variables: After fitting to the data we found that the number of children had little influence. Wavelet packets allow one to find the best minimum tree for reconstruction with respect to a certain measure. As an example of what not to do  , we could take our relevant-document distribution to be a uniform distribution on the set of labeled relevant documents. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. For each output unit in one layer of the hierarchy a two-dimensional self-organizing map is added to the next layer. We select the most important blocks set with the maximum k as watermarking objects. A set of completing  , typing information is added  , so that the number of tags becomes higher. Then  , the actual existence of the contour feature is verified by determining disparity between F  , and the content of CW. F@re 6 shows in fact a highly similar classification rum .dt  , in that the various documents are arranged within the two-dimensional output space of the self-organizing map m concordance with their mutual fictional similarity. between the power of a matrix and its spectral information e.g. Using the above mapping  , the remaining parameter of the amplifier model eq 4a  , internal resistance  , was determined by fitting estimated terminal voltage during an experiment to actual  , using the MATLAB" To calculate the estimated motor current  , the output of eq 3 was fit to the real motor current using actual terminal voltage. Analogously  , the same training procedure is utilized to train the third and any subsequent layers of sdf-organizing maps. We provide further insights into ExpoMF's performance by exploring the resulting model fits. Without the users the method would merely be a theory. BMEcat. Initially attention was focused on the Lindeberg condition which in more broad sense means that 1 is not dominated by any finite number increments ΔS k and in particular  , when increments are identically distributed  , it means V ΔS k  < ∞. An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents  , 7 steps. Second  , there is a difference in the model to be discovered. Then the model chooses T template configurations from the candidate pool  , θ  , to best explain the generation of queries. More specifically  , we compute two entropy-based features for the EDA and EMG-CS data: Shannon entropy and permutation entropy. Finally  , to address the varying number of checkins per user  , we compute the Shannon Entropy of the per user checkin frequency. The mapping to the dual plane and the use of arrangements provides an intuitive framework for representing and maintaining the rankings of all possible top-k queries in a non-redundant  , self-organizing manner. Thus  , the Shannon Entropy forms a type of lower bound on the dimensionality of the index space. This basic unit of objective information  , the bit  , was more formally related to thermodynamics by Szilard. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 provides an overview of related work in the field of music retrieval. The model without training is accurate for sufficiently large values of T   , but it cannot be applied for short observations because the quality of parameter fitting deteriorates  , as we showed in Sec. One method of removing robots is to identify them with outliers and remove outliers. This is our estimate for the runtime frequency of the path. In an evaluation  , the authors found that the inclusion of different types of contextual information associated with an exception can enhance the accuracy of recommendations. The Change Detection CD module is presented in Section 4.2. many cases  , the children depended on their parent's guidance through joint search in the stack or library  , but we observed that in 34 groups the children chose their own books. In the BSH catalog for example  , some fields that require floating point values contain non-numeric values like " / "   , " 0.75/2.2 "   , " 3*16 "   , or " 34 x 28 x 33.5 "   , which originates from improper values in the BMEcat. The subgraph frequency of Gn ,p at the edge density corresponding to the data is shown as a black dashed line in each plot — with poor agreement — and gray dashed lines illustrate an incremental transition in   , starting from zero when it corresponds to Gn ,p and ending at opt . The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski  , Oula Heikkinen  , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. The average mutual information Shannon entropy decrease measures the average information shared by the antecedent and the consequent. We compared ECOWEB-FIT with the standard LV model. FE- NN2 is based on the fast implementation scheme and the approximate pignistic Shannon entropy. Vectors with three components are completed with zero values. Our own source code for fitting the two-way aspect model is available online 28. Because it is easier to express the metric error for the branch fitting than for the sub-branch finding  , 30 trials were first run on simulated branches with no sub-branches. This suggests that ad groups are very homogeneous   , and we would expect clicks from different terms in an ad group to have similar values to the advertiser. This is followed by a presentation of our approach to automatic organization of music archives by sound similarity in Section 3  , covering feature extraction  , the principles of the Self-Organizing Map  , and the two-layered architecture used to organize music. The currency results from Geographical Pricing. Notice that our fit is even visually very good  , and it detects seasonalities and up-or down-trends: For example   , our model fitted the success of " Wii " which launched in 2006 and apparently drew attention from the competing " Xbox " . In ll  the classification task is performed by a self-organizing Kohonen's map. Λ is the vector of model parameters  , the second term is the regularization term to avoid over fitting  , which imposes a zero prior on all the parameter values. For example  , consider the command ALL OPERATIONstack which displays the entries of the--I/0 headings in the forms for a data abstraction named stack. Abnormal aging and fault will result in deviations with respect to normal conditions. By fitting a model to the generated time-series the AR coefficients were estimated. Some instructions require a full word search or rewrite operand long instructions but others do not short instructions. When two sets of inconsistent axioms are overlapping  , it indicates that certain axioms contribute more to the inconsistencies and these axioms are possibly more problematic than others. In particular  , in Figure 7awe see that for MG-LRM  , the peak appears at a higher number of iterations than the other models. ECOWEB discovered the following important patterns:  Long-term fitting: Figure 1a shows the original volume of the four activities/keywords as circles  , and our fitted model as solid lines. The procedural model is fast  , robust  , and easy to maintain. Hill climbing does not work well for nonconvex spaces  , however  , since it will terminate when it finds a local maxima. Thus  , a signal segment of the former type would be characterised by low entropy. the Shannon entropy 15  , 16. One of the crucial problems is where to find the initial estimates seeds in an image since their selection has a major effect on the success or failure of the overall procedure. which means that after k control steps the signal reaches the confidence zone. Hence the cross-axis effect of y-acceleration on the x-axis may be modeled by the least-squares fitting of a secondarder polynomial to the data  , The result of this model is shown in Fig. Input vectors composed of range-to-obstacle indicators' readouts and direction-to-goal indicator readouts are partitioned into one of predefined perceptual situation classes. The code ranges from simple implementations of arithmetic using unbounded integers  , to sorting arbitrary items with arbitrary orderings  , and includes classical code such as binary search using bounded integers. By fitting the output of our proposed model to the real bid change logs obtained from commercial search engines   , we will be able to learn these parameters  , and then use the learned model to predict the bid behavior change in the future. Furthermore  , in contrast to reported analytic techniques based on differential geometry 3 ,4  , 10 ,121  , our method does not require an edge correspondence problem to be solved or a smoothness assumption to be made about the object's surface  , and it produces an integrated  , consistent model from the data. , sn of states such that for all 1 ≤ i ≤ n  , there exists a transition si−1 e i → si. Due to this dynamics of degree distribution  , SLIM and ELIM which assume static degree distribution  , will not do well in fitting the observed diffusion data particularly in the later time steps. Furthermore  , I would like to thank the pilot users and teams in Nokia  , especially I would like to thank Stephan Irrgang  , Roland Meyer  , Thomas Wirtz  , Juha Yli-Olli and Miia Forssell. k 4 '  ,k 5   , k 6 are parameters. This means that diversifying top-10 search results reduces the risk of not returning any relevant documents. Put simply  , the private data set is modified so that each record is indistinguishable from at least k − 1 other records. The impedance with which a human expert manipulates a tool was identified by measuring the expert motion. The main reason for this is that the number of model parameters to be learned grows in accordance with the increase of dimensionality; thus  , the acquired functions might not perform well when sorting unseen objects due to over-fitting. We also observe that training can improve the prediction performance for short observation windows T < 24 hours  , and that the model with training provides accurate predictions  , even for very short observation windows   , such as T = 1 hour. In information theory  , entropy measures the disorder or uncertainty associated with a discrete  , random variable  , i.e. Computing the dK-2 distributions is also a factor  , but rarely contributes more than 1 hour to the total fitting time. Tuning λ ≥0 is theoretically justified for reducing model complexity  " the effective degree of freedom "  and avoiding over-fitting on training data 5. is the identity matrix. Even if you could hire only " good developers "   , as Ambler suggests for effective formation of an agile modeling team  , in a large company these good developers will still have different backgrounds and knowledge base. To remain in the scope of the use cases discussed  , the examples are chosen from the BSH BMEcat products catalog  , within the German e-commerce marketplace. 2In the real-time walk of a legged robot  , a ground model should first be established during the previous gait period. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. to represent a navigation structure in a Web shop. It may be possible that one or more chunks in that window have been outdated  , resulting in a less accurate classification model. In the simplest model  , it studies the compression of sequences emitted by 0 th -order information sources – ones that generate values i.i.d independent and identically distributed from a probability distribution D. Shannon's celebrated source coding theorem 3 says that one cannot code a sequence of values in less than HD bits per value on average  , where HD = Σ icD p i lg 1/p i  is the entropy of the distribution D with probabilities p i . , VARI- MAX 22 rotation. The following nine subjects are simple data structures: binheap implements priority queues with binomial heaps 48; bst implements a set using binary search trees 49 ; deque implements a double-ended queue using doubly-linked lists 8; fibheap is an implementation of priority queues using Fibonacci heaps 48 ; heaparray is an array-based implementation of priority queues 3 ,49 ; queue is an object queue implemented using two stacks 10; stack is an object stack 10; treemap implements maps using red-black trees based on Java collection 1.4 3 ,48 ,49 ; ubstack is an array-based implementation of a stack bounded in size  , storing integers without repetition 7  , 30  , 42. We deal with this problem by starting from multiple starting points. A classification technique is said to suffer from overjitting when it improves performance over the training documents but reduces performance when applied to new documents  , when compared to another method. Such a search engine might retrieve a number of components that contain the word Stack somewhere maybe they use a Stack  , but only very few of them implement the appropriate data structure. One might speculate whether embedding the IDEAL model in a less fitting strategy would have lead to the same positive results. The values of this section give the ratio of the standard error of each system/topic group to the standard error of the first system/topic group. This means that RCDR successfully preserved information useful for estimating target orders. The model image shows the results of surfacing from range data. This explains why our model has such an improved predictive probability than BPMF as shown above and demonstrates the importance of fitting the variance as well as the mean. In the past  , randomized techniques have been combined with more deliberate methods to great success . Specifically   , even after being learned on a wealth of training data for a user  , the system could suffer from over-fitting and " cold-start " problem for new visitors the Web site. As mentioned earlier  , X k ,j denotes the corresponding user feature vector. The common approach which we follow here is that the scopes are organized in an environment stack with the " search from the top " rule. When two robots are within the same " node " of the map  , they can localize with the same landmarks and operate in a common coordinate system. Roughly speaking  , k-anonymity means that one can only be certain that a value is associated with one of at least k values. We also consider its stochastic counterpart SGBDT  , by fitting trees considering a random subset of training data thus reducing the variance of the final model. By fitting data to parameterized models  , surface or boundary-based representations impose strong geometric assumptions on the sensor data. , SVA and CR  , and SVA 2 and CR 2   , respectively. This allows us to write the local error for segment k as: In above  , K fuzzy evidence structures are used for illustration . Finally  , I would like to thank Tuomas Lamminpää  , Kai Koskimies and Ilkka Haikala for giving solid contribution by reviewing this paper several times. The resulting transliteration model is used subsequently for that specific language pair. 1 measurement of respondents' sensations  , feelings or impressions Dimension reduction techniques are one obvious solution to the problems caused by high dimensionality. For example  , using gray level histogram  , a checker-board b/w pattern of 2x2 squares will have the same entropy as one with 4x4 squares covering an equal area although the latter contains more information. Nonetheless  , the scope of the Model involves one more fitting activity that  , in the outlying areas of interest of this universe  , complicates a fitting challenge per se. When the user touches a document on the desk the system detects the touch via the thermo-camera and then the upper layer document is virtually transparentized by projection. Since we are dealing with sparse depth data  , it is further desirable to have as large segments as possible -otherwise model fitting becomes impracticable due to lack of data inside segments. For the Dynamic class  , temporal models that only take into account the trend or learn to decay historical data correctly perform the best. The tyre-dependent parameters were experimentally adjusted fitting the measured responses of the army vehicle off-road tyre 13. In order to use the self-organizing map to cluster text documents  , the various texts have to be represented as the histogram of its words. Here legend Src+Target means using both source graph edges and labeled target graph edges without instance weighting  , and IW means our instance weighting method. In this way  , the procedure is in fact fitting the 'mean curve' of the model distribution to the empirical subgraph frequencies. , the expected value of the information in a message. In particular   , the experiments concerned the induction and performance evaluation of rules for the identification of the class of a document  , according to its logical components organized in a logical structure. Specifically  , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. Fitting different models for navigational and informational queries leads to 2.5% better LL for DCM compared with a previous implementation in 7 on the same data set average LL = -1.327. The efforts are based on heuristic fitting the system model in order to obtain the required properties of the model to be used 27- 311. In the following  , two approaches  , namely JAD and Agile modeling  , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. Moreover   , pignistic Shannon entropy is computed based on the derived crisp evidence structure. Required hardware can be emulated in software on current more powerful computers   , and therefore emulators can reproduce a document's exact appearance and behavior. Grounded theory 27 is a method often used in Social Science to extract relevant concepts from unstructured corpora of natural language resources e.g. We also note that BSS is not consistent on these two platforms: for example  , it doesn't work well in the iPhone 5 dataset 0.510 on MRR@All on 0.537 on MRR@Last by BSS-last. Given the fact that arbitrary baselines can take any form  , it is thus impossible to model them with polynomials or splines. This means we can only include targets for which our methods find at least K source candidates which naturally shrinks the set of test targets. Small η values may cause the learning model over-sensitive to the training samples. This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. Figure 3 gives the variance proportions for the sampled accounts . However  , the number of iterations until convergence can be large. Variable reduction is illustrated in example 3. To avoid problems of over-fitting  , we regularize the model weights using L2 regularization. SOM 14Self Organizing Map or SOFM Self Organizing Feature Map shares the same philosophy to produce low dimension from high dimension. In the final  , a single point pi of the calligraphic character can be represented as a 32 dimensional vector. The replicated examples were used both when fitting model parameters and when tuning the threshold. , texts  , interviews  , or questionnaires. The second parameter to be tested is the opinion similarity function. Clustered multi-index. These features include the sum of the mouse cursor positions' intra-distances  , both inside and outside the KM display as well as overall  , which indicate how compact or dispersed is the distribution of mouse cursor positions. The play is divided into acts in such a way that each act has a fixed set of actors participating objects fitting conveniently on the scene scenario diagram. Moreover  , there are non-zero selfloop probabilities for every state. The query descriptor is assembled by the parser and passed as a parameter into the search function  , which then uses SAPI functions to extract the operator and the qualification constants. Section 3 describes ways to obtain data on software changes and describes a method to estimate effort for a software change. Our task is to predict user engagement solely on the basis of inexpensive  , easy-to-acquire user interaction signals. For this experiment we used our own implementation of self-organbdng maps as moat thoroughly described in 30. Many robotic manipulation tasks  , including grasping   , packing  , and part fitting require geometric information on objects. Joint application development JAD is a requirements-definition and user-interface design methodology according to Steve McConnell 4. k := k l   , this means a computational complexity of Ok m . However  , a slight drop of performance can be observed for high θ values  , because it produces a large number of pattern clusters i.e. To answer this question  , we calculate the Shannon Entropy of each user from the distribution of categories across their sessions. In practice  , we can estimate {a  , b  , c  , d  , f  , PIQ} by fitting the data collected in a short initial monitoring period into Equation 1-3 the time window for data collection in all of our experiments is 20 weeks  , and input the fitted parameters into our model to forecast the number of active users in the future. O having overlapping sources of inconsistencies means that K ∩ K = ∅. To help analyze the behavior of our method we used a Self-Organizing Map via the SOM-PAK package 9  , to 'flatten' and visualize the high-dimensional density function 2 . For a given temperature rise  , free strain recovery of SMA wire can be calculated using Brinson's one dimensional constitutive model The next section will discuss the classification method. K v can contain any unnested function term f   , where f ∈ K v means that at plan time the planner " knows the value of f . " Rehg 4 implemented a system called DigitEyes which tracked an unadorned hand using line and point features . We seek to predict household income from age in years  , education 16 levels  , marital status 7 levels  , and sex 2 levels. Shannon Entropy is defined as To answer this question  , we calculate the Shannon Entropy of each user from the distribution of categories across their sessions. Table 2shows the BMEcat-2005-compliant mapping for product-specific details. The hierarchy among the maps is established as follows. We describe a fast method for fitting the parameters of these models  , and prescriptions for picking the right model given the dataset size and runtime execution constraints. where U k   , S k   , and V k are matrices composed of the top k left singular vectors  , singular values  , and right singular vectors  , respectively. Table lsummerizes the results. Such a model is described in terms of the marginals it fits and the dependencies that are assumed to be present in the data. Schematically  , preservation means that the state of ω stays within the same ≡ I -equivalence class. In the information theory  , the concept of entropy developed by Shannon measures the extent to which a system is organized or disorganized. The most common approach is directly fitting Ut to the actual query execution time of the ranking model 7. The SOM is designed to create a two-dimensional representation of cells topologically arranged according to the inherent metric ordering relations between the samples in the feature space. To identify them  , we compute the Shannon entropy from the vector of the smell frequencies < f S  ,t > S for each month t. We find that the least distinctive month is January  , while the most distinctive ones are March  , April  , and May. We would like to add the document content to a search engine or send the document to others to read without the overhead of the emulation stack  , but cannot. A local push-down stack is a suitable device to save the successive nodes of such a path together with an indication of the direction from which they were exited. The Shannon entropy of a clickstream S u i α k is thus There is considerable variation within each run -the standard deviation is as much as 15 percent in initial rotational velocity and 5 percent in initial translational velocity. While there may be statistical issues with fitting and evaluating the models on the same data if one wanted to use the models for predictive behavior   , we are here particularly interested in which models best fit and hence explain the data. The third alternative is to first swap SWB the top two bits on the stack before ANDing or ORing the new search result with the top bit. The regularizer with coefficient λ > 0 is used to prevent model over-fitting. Later  , when the designer needs to model the transport system between production cells of the flexible manufacturing system  , he can search in the repository and recover candidates models for reuse. Stack Overflow was designed to be used such that Google is UI. We were successful in selecting similar developers: the ratio between the largest and smallest developer coefficients was 2.2  , which would mean that the least efficient developer would require 120% additional effort to make a change compared to the most efficient developer  , but Table 2: Results from model fitting. We aggregate the top n representative articles over all the time frames in a community evolution path. That is  , in 28  , a single persistence probability p is shared by results at all ranks; and the probability that a user examines the result at rank r is p r−1 . Invitation Figure 1  , Steps of RaPiD7 1 Preparation step is performed for each of the workshops  , and the idea is to find out the necessary information to be used as input in the workshops. A summary hierarchy  As shown in the procedure  , to achieve the space limitation in the streaming environment  , the number of fitting models maintained at each level is limited to be the maximum number of . Shannon entropy. This is probably why more efforts are put into the preparation work when using JAD  , and why with JAD the typical " from preparation to a finished document -time " is longer than with RaPiD7. , increased model complexity  , which results in over fitting the data. Virtual targets are predicted using input-output maps implemented efficiently by means of a k-d tree short for k-dimensional tree a  , 91. In the following a general expression will be given  , and then will be described how to specialize it for the two cases. We applied a Self-Organizing Feature Map SOFM assuming that the maximum number of components of a visitor behavior vector is H = 6. Corner landmarks in the map are found with a least-squares model fitting approach that fits corner models to the edge data in the map. One of our contributions is that we propose to use hierarchical regularization to avoid overfiting. In addition  , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects. One challenge with operationalizing use diffusion in a computational method is modeling variety in a way that is application independent; we chose to use Shannon entropy 21  , a mathematical construct from information theory  , to model variety. To overcome the disadvantage some efforts have been taken. where λi's are the model parameters we need to estimate from the training data. 1633-2008 for a fitting software reliability growth model. Figure 2awas taken from these data. Without the efforts of these users we would not have such good results nor would we have RaPiD7 as an institutionalized way of working. The purpose is to support the tasks of monitoring  , control  , prognostics  , preventive maintenance  , diagnostics  , corrective maintenance  , and enhancement or engineering improvements. Each neuron computes the Euclidean distance between the input vector x and the stored weight vector Wii. We use information entropy as the uncertainty measurement of the B-spline model. The model is specified by a set of parameters  , including the estimate of the susceptible population  , and the transition probabilities between different states. Hence non-uniform weights could easily incur over-fitting  , and relying on a particular model should be avoided. tl  , t k are still distingusable. Furthermore  , JAD sessions are always somewhat formal  , whereas RaPiD7 sessions vary in formality depending on the case. Duplication is useful in the case when the record is to be used as context for another operation which consumes the top bit. Extensive experiments on our datasets demonstrated that our TDCM model can accurately explain the user behavior in QAC. It provides additional flexibility in fitting either of these models to the realities of retrieval. The LossRole is played by a loss function that defines the penalty of miss-prediction  , e.g. Furthermore  , since NST@Self actually measures an individual's aspiration for variety  , we compared two model-free methods widely adopted in information theory: shannon 37  , which calculates the conditional entropy. However  , since this increases the dimensionality of the feature space—which makes it sparser—it also makes the classification problem harder and increases the risk of over-fitting the data.  Extensive experiments on real-world datasets convincingly demonstrate the accuracy of our models. Nevertheless  , configurations MAY and MAY × MUST overall reach significantly fewer bounds than PV for instance  , the max-stack bound is never reached by pruning verified parts of the search space. The part µ/e has to be higher than 0 to avoid ∆ k to converge to 0 and has to be divided by the Euler's number e to make the median of the generated IED around the target median µ more details in the Appendix A. These candidates are incomplete solutions till rank i. An example is given in Figure 1where α is 0.88 if we force f1 to be the actual value. To fit the three-way DEDICOM model  , one must solve the following minimization problem With a unique solution  , given appropriate data and adequately distinct factors the best fitting axis orientation is somewhat more likely to have explanatory meaning than one determined by  , e.g. Then we compare the product models obtained from one of the BMEcat catalogs with products collected from Web shops through a focused Web crawl. Our approach is attractive for the marketing field  , because the unobserved baseline sales  , marketing promotion effects and other specific effects are estimated by simultaneously. The difference is the risk to loose the exact plot locations over the original projection. Figure 2is a flowchart of user interactions under the TDCM model.