The muscles or tendons  , which help moving the human hand  , are roughly classified flexor muscles and extensor musclesl. In Section 5  , we describe our proposed framework which is based on the Clarke Tax mechanism. , the query terms and bigrams and the most important latent concepts i.e. Hence  , how to develop an effective imputation approach according to the characteristics of effort data is an important research topic. It might be important to find appropriate combination of terms for query expansion. , ρ l of random vectors. The previous section described how we can scan compressed tuples from a compressed table  , while pushing down selections and projections. In Figure 2  , we present a protocol for constructing a valid write quorum. Thus  , vector representations of words appearing in similar contexts will be close to each other. The experimental results are shown in Table 2The second observation is that the combined methods WNB-G-HC and G-MCMC outperform slightly the original methods WNB-G  , WNB-HC and WNB-MCMC. The difference is the risk to loose the exact plot locations over the original projection. LCE is a robust query expansion model that provides a mechanism for modeling term dependencies in query expansion. The second approach is to launch the G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in a document  , such as a Microsoft Word file or HTML file. The paper is organized as follows. Hence  , the expanded query might exhibit query drift 9  , that is  , represent an information need different than that underlying the original query. Approximately 40% of each cycle is spent in the water  , 50% in the air  , and 10% retracting from the water. We now consider the following problem: Given an SDTD d  , m0  , which open tags are pre-order typed in every document defined by d  , m0 ? This problem of the user not finding any any relevant document in her scanned set of documents is defined as query abandonment. Another genetic programming-based approach to link discovery is implemented in the SILK framework 15. In order to implement the match-and-block and matchand-sanitize strategies we need to generate code for the match and replace statements. Also  , more refined query expansion techniques can be incorporated into HCQF to creating more suitable pseudo classes. In a breadth-first search approach the arrangement enumeration tree is explored in a top-bottom manner  , i.e. In this section  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding. By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. The performance of this scheme varies significantly from run to run. In deciding whether a query will return an empty result set  , our method ignores those operators e.g. In fact  , since a protein's sequence is static throughout the course of the simulation  , it is not possible to use a sequence-based representation in such settings. Previous methods summarized above can only be used to select one element in the sequence which can not be labeled without context information. Entity annotation systems  , datasets and configurations like experiment type  , matching or measure are implemented as controller interfaces easily pluggable to the core controller. It refers to selectively applying automatic query expansion AQE whenever predicted performance is above a certain threshold . Thus data problems can intuitively be understood as objects having three distinct member functions: identification  , transformation and feature construction. In this work  , we presented a general recommendation framework that uses deep learning to match rich user features to items features. On average  , based on our experiment with some random sampled publications  , only 0.35 resources were retrieved for each testing publication. A central goal of the music information retrieval community is to create systems that efficiently store and retrieve songs from large databases of musical content 7. In order to distinguish the work between merging the sort keys and returning the sorted records to the host  , the data sites do not send sorted records to the host site until all the sort keys have been sent to the merge sites. The Sort property of the AE operator specifies the procedure to be used to sort the relation if a merge-sort join strategy was selected to implement the query. Automatic query expansion technique has been widely used in IR. The crawl was breadth-first and stopped after one million html pages had been fetched. To effectively leverage supervised Web resource and reduce the domain gap between general Web images and personal photos  , we have proposed a transfer deep learning approach to discover the shared representations across the two domains. In our case  , we use a random sample of tweets crawled from a different time period to train our word embedding vectors. In one of the examples we analyzed the vulnerability signature automaton consists of 811 states. First  , we describe a novel parameterized query expansion model. In standard SPARQL query forms  , such as SE- LECT and CONSTRUCT  , allow to specify how resulting variable bindings or RDF graphs  , respectively  , are formed based on the solutions from graph pattern matching 15 . designed regular expression types for strings in a functional language with a type system that could handle certain programming constructs with greater precision than had been done before 23. On the other hand  , if a protein is designed as part of a drug delivery system  , structurally-similar proteins might also be used to effectively deliver a medicinal payload to sites within the body. Without Indices  , university INGRES used a nested loops join in which the storage structure of a copy of the inner relation is converted to a hashed organization before the join is initiated Commercial INGRES used primarily sort-merge join techniques. Consequently   , for i ≥ 1  , we estimate the cost of matching a pattern as: costpi = f rontierpi−1 × explorepi. The FM-INDEX  , introduced by Ferragina and Manzini 6  , is a data structure used for pattern matching. For example  , a grammar " Figure 1explains the procedures to determine the expected answer type of an input question. The experiments that we performed with our datasets showed that the performance of R+-tree was better than R*-tree for our application. The application runs from the command line. The C-SPARQL 1 extension enabled the registration of continuous SPARQL queries over RDF streams  , thus  , bridging data streams with knowledge bases and enabling stream reasoning. To investigate the robustness of this method  , we added the every type ofnoise to the integrated dataset of the three objects and examined rohustness of maps for categorization tasks under that various conditions. Interested readers can reference that paper or  The details of our system and methodology for Genetic Programming GP are discussed in our Robust track paper. Can we attribute the residual lift to interest in the brand or category ? Successful repairs were generated for each program. Relational machine learning attempts to capture exactly these statistical dependencies between statements and in the following we will present an approach that is suitable to also integrate sensory information and a knowledge base. Most research are focused on analyzing microarray gene expression either to determine significant pathways that contribute to a phenotype of interest or deal with features genes selection problem. In this work we have explored a machine learning technique namely deep learning with SAE to learn and represent weather features and use them to predict extreme rainfall events. engines and are very short  , nonnegligible surfing may still be occurring without support from search engines. However  , for the satellite docking operation  , the random search found only one feasible solution in 750 ,000 function evaluations 64 hours on 24 Sparc workstations. Using query expansion is a popular method used in information retrieval. Then  , we can summarize the paths from x to z as p 1 ∪ p 2  p 3 . Keyword search refers to such search behavior demonstrated by a random visitor to the forum site  , who may or may not have participated in the forum discussions in the past. Assuming 2 seconds per query  , on average  , this translates into approximately 200 KB per hour for the LCA expansion. Find takes the following arguments: stack  , which contains the nodes on the path from the root to the current node of Find Find starts tree traversal from the top node of the stack; if the stack is empty  , the root of the tree is assumed; search-key  , the key value being sought; lock-mode  , a flag which indicates whether an exclusive lock  , shared lock  , or neither should be obtained on the key returned by Find; and latch-mode  , a flag which if True indicates that the node at which Find terminates should be latched exclusively. TLC-C by default enables unordered results up to the final Sort operation. In fact  , a regular expression may be a very selective kind of syntactical constraint  , for which large fraction of an input sequence may result useless w.r.t. The model is based on a decomposition of the surface of the earth into small grid cells; they assume that for each grid cell x  , there is a probability px that a random search from this cell will be equal to the query under consideration. 2011 25 is made an extensive series of tests with several missing values treatment techniques  , and two interesting conclusions are drawn. proposed GenProg  , an automatic patch generation technique based on genetic programming. , l  , 2  , 5  , 141. Certainly  , if the lexicon is available in main memory it can be scanned using normal pattern rnatching techniques to locate partially specified terms. Previous works based on this approach yield to interesting results but under restrictions on the manip ulator kinematics. In a work by Murphy et al. Unlike TrimDroid  , these approaches focus on the construction of models for testing that are covered using a depth-first search strategy for generation of event sequences and random input data. Second  , reference expressions in user-defined functions might involve local variables  , which are meaningless outside the function context. The two relations arc then joined at site S  , using either the sort-merge method SJSh4 or the nested loops method SJNL. The traditional way of removing data from materialized views is deletion. The best performing method according to the Fowlkes-Mallows index is folding  , followed by reciprocal election and maxmin. The objects are sorted by D 1   , D 2  in the parent node. Fig.5shows an example of model location setting on the basis of the inputted eye image. Text is provided for convenience. A set regular path query Q Ξ‚ Ð R describes a relation between a set and a single node  , based on a regular expression R together with an quantifier Ξ. Since the search engine mainly " promotes " popular pages by returning them at the top  , they are visited more often than under the random-surfer model. , using our procedme compared to Dijkstra  , is OS% p&Q. One of them indexes the text to answer text pattern-matching queries this indexing is performed by the text engine. , xs:integer | xs:string* can be represented as a regular expression . In RuralCafe  , we explicitly avoid the problem of automated query expansion. We expect that  , similar to general-purpose relational databases  , a " one size fits all " 17 triple store will not scale for analytical queries. The presentation emphasizes the importance of using a closed-loop model i.e. It is applicable to a variety of static and dynamic cost functions   , such as distance and motion time. The first four columns show the name  , the lines of code  , the number of threads  , and the bug type. Then  , the method Proceedings of the 17th International Conference on Very Large Data Bases acceptAction uses Prob  , which is a boolean function that returns true with a probability that depends on temp and the costs of the compared states  , usually e ~~s'~cost~s~cost~~temP. We use a binary signature representation called TopSig 3 18. Knowing the long-standing and firm relationship between vector space models  , semantics modeling and IR 37  , 16  , one goal of this paper is to establish a new link between the recent text representation learning methodology based on word embeddings and modeling in information retrieval  , with the focus on the fundamental ad-hoc retrieval task. We therefore did not restrict the selection of expansion terms. Thus we have arrived at the following method for detecting anomalies in a program with flowchart G. Let R be the regular expression for the paths in G. R may be mapped into an expression E in A where the node identifiers are replaced by the elements of A that represent the variable usage. However  , after a large number of Web pages are fetched  , breadth-first search starts to lose its focus and introduces a lot of noise into the final collection. The empty stack is represented by the function with no input arguments NEWSTACK. V ERT G inherits all the advantages of VERT  , including the efficiency in matching complex query pattern. We use the following model for mixed surfing and searching: Portions of many different paths may therefore be explored before a solution path is finally found. XTract 25  , 36 generates candidate regular expressions for each element name selecting the best one using the Minimum Description Length MDL principle. This generalized vocabulary covers a common abstraction of the data models we consider to be of general interest for the QA community. In three dimensions  , there exist open and closed chains that can lock 4  , 5  , while  , in dimensions higher than three  , nei­ ther open nor closed chains can lock 6. , 1975. The Change Detection CD module is presented in Section 4.2. Self joins of leaves and joins between two leaves are performed by using sort-merge join. Moreover  , the recursions in the definition of S ↓ and E ↓ correspond to recursive function calls of the respective evaluation functions. If the edges of a lockdown graph are weighted by the number of images constituting the part of the segment between the two lockdown points or more appropriately  , the sub-nodes on which the two lockdown points lie  , choosing the smallest-sized cycle basis will reduce computational cost in computing HHT to a small extent. 31  , extracted the data from the Eclipse code repository and bug database and mapped defects to source code locations files using some heuristics based on pattern matching. We experimentally address the question of how many example strings are needed to learn a regular expression with crx and iDTD. Template similar to 1  , is a tree-based regular expression learnt over set of structures of pages within a site. While GeM fared poorly on the second random grouping for TREC-7  , its performance on other runs was very good. While randomized  , however  , GAS are by no means a simple random-walk approach. RBFS using h 0 = 0 behaves similarly to the breadth-first search. For the representation problem  , GenProg represents each candidate patch as the Abstract Syntax Tree AST of the patched program. Data Page First  , although xsl:apply-templates may resemble a function call  , its semantics does not correspond to explicit function calls  , but instead relies on a kind of dynamic dispatch based on pattern matching  , template priority  , import precedence  , and modes. During these experiments  , transient changes were present  , in the form of people moving past the robot as it constructed these evidence grids. We can therefore define the notion of a strand  , which is a set of substrings that share one same matching pattern. The criteria for specifying similarity are often approximate and the desired output is usually an ordered list of results. The sort-merge scmi ,join methods SSSRI and PSSM rcqulrc a similar numher of' disk acccsscs. For example  , the following example  , in the pseudo-regular expression notation of a fictional template engine  , generates a <br> separated list of users: Then we sort elements on path by tree levels. Any pushdown transducer is conservatively approximated by a transducer that forgets the stack of the pushdown transducer. Under the relation based framework for passage retrieval  , dependency relation based path expansion can further bring about a 17.49% improvement in MRR over fuzzy matching RBS of relation matching without any query expansion. Several concepts  , such as " summer "   , " playground " and " teenager "   , may occur simultaneously in an image or scene. LESS's merge passes of its external-sort phase are the same as for standard external sort  , except for the last merge pass. Analogously to Theorem 6.5  , we get  Finally  , note that using arguments relating the topdown method of this section with join optimization techniques in relational databases  , one may argue that the context-value table principle is also the basis of the polynomial-time bound of Theorem 7.4. We do not address xtract as Table 1already shows that even for small data sets xtract produces suboptimal results. Think of a tool that marks up dates. The theorem contains the condition thai the recursive function F be defined on a  , that the computation of Fa will terminate this condition is necessary for  , otherwise  , the iterative program will never terminate  , and therefore control will never reach finish at all. Two sets of rules are developed to generate numbers and entities  , respectively. 4 explore random walk models on the click graph for propagating click information to URLs which have not been clicked. The challenging aspect here is to how to translate <apply-templates/> instruction  , which implicitly demands the template pattern matching. A limitation of the case studies is that all the applications and components used were software developed by ABB Inc. involving .lib library files. the white LED used in the lamp were manually soldered to the composite prior to folding. Each latency value 0ms  , 250ms  , ..  , 1750ms was introduced five times and in a random order  , in combination with 40 randomly selected navigational queries. , array of floating point values. Vectors with three components are completed with zero values. This technique provides a mechanism for modeling term dependencies during expansion. The Q qualification bit in delimiter words is used to mark qualified nodes that will be searched. Each dimension in the vector captures some anonymous aspect of underlying word meanings. The so-called hill-climbing search method locally optimize the summary hierarchy such that the tree is an estimated structure built from past observations and refined every time a new tuple is inserted. Similar to most existing approaches  , our information extractor can only be applied to web pages with uniform format. Sink denotes the nodes that are associated with sensitive functions that might lead to vulnerabilities . , orgamzlng map h-a remarkable tradition in effective reg~ tance 7  , 8. Our analyzer dynamically constructs the transducers described above for a grammar with regular expression functions and translates it into a context-free grammar. Fourth  , we have launched a Master's project to investigate recovery of pattern-based design components with full-text  , pattern-matching techniques. Secondly  , we examined the use of random walks on query graphs for formulating query history as search queries. The LCA expansion requires one query per sentence. We introduce a set of novel features to characterize user behaviors and task repetition patterns for this new problem Section 4.3. prepend d to all structures enumerated above } Figure 4:  with values of constant length. This approach is also known as the greedy layerwise unsupervised pre-training. We took great care to match the SHORE/C++ implementation as closely as possible  , including using the same C library random number generator and initializing it with the same seed so as to generate the same sequence of random numbers used to build the OO7 benchmark database and to drive the benchmark traversals. The complexity of finding regular paths in graphs was investigated in 15 and 7. Using an error situation obtained with the sampled parameters  , a fitness unction based on the allowed recovery criteria can be defined. UNIX editing system  , embedding within the text of the reports certain formatting codes. The final 3D configuration is achieved by folding the right hand side shown in Fig. 5. In the next step we sort the resulting clusters by their total size in lines in decreasing order  , such that according to property iv  , the largest clusters should contain the main text blocks. In the second experiment  , the robot moved along a corridor environment about 60 meters while capturing images under varying illumination conditions  , as shown in Fig. Large-vocabulary neural probabilistic language models for modeling word sequence distributions have become very popular re- cently 8  , 43  , 44. Just indexing multimedia through text search engines is quite imprecise; in a random sample we took  , only 1.4% of the text on Web pages with images described those images. This bound prevents a very large sort from taking too much sort space when there are competing sorts in the system. We describe one such optimization in this paper  , which is called pattern indexing and is based on the observation that a document typically matches just a relatively small set of patterns. Each segment  , the entire interval when the sensor is in contact with the object  , is transferred to the frequency domain using Fast Fourier Transform. As to optimizing functions  , most of existing optimization techniques 6  , 7 treat functions simply as externally defined black boxes accompanying some semantic information. The reason is that the density of any area inside the clusters detected by DBSCAN is at least MinPts + 1 Eps' . Map-Reduce is essentially a distributed grep-sort-aggregate or  , in database terminology   , a distributed execution engine for select-project via sequential scan  , followed by hash partitioning and sort-merge group-by. Applications include the folding of robot arms in space when some of the actuators fail. The proposed query expansion method based on a PRF model builds on language modeling frameworks a query likelihood model for IR.    , where the circled elements are added by the imputation strategy . This is a type of template matching methodology  , where the search region is 1074 examined for a match between the observed pattern and the expected template  , stored in the database. For purposes of this research white space is any character matching the regular expression " \s " as defined in the Java pattern class. Scalability experiments were performed on 3d datasets as well. The general approach can be used to specify the vehicle velocity at the top of the hill in the steep hill climbing problem. Analogously  , the same training procedure is utilized to train the third and any subsequent layers of sdf-organizing maps. It is written in Java and is highly configurable. The expression " computer makers such as Dell and IBM " specifies that Dell is a computer maker. They found that posttranslation query expansion  , i.e. Moreover  , we enhance our random walk model by a novel teleportation approach which lets us go beyond the original web graph by connecting pages that have a good chance of being influential for each other in terms of their search impact. This approach avoids the performance overheads associated with threads: kernel scheduling  , context switching  , stack and task data structures allocation  , synchronization   , inter-thread communication  , and thread safety issues. We begin with a brief introduction to word embedding techniques and then motivate how can these be applied in IR. However  , using the Web as the corpus the proposed search-result-based approach χ2+CV achieved 46% top-1 inclusion rate for popular Web queries 58% in the top-5 and 40% top-1 inclusion rate for random Web queries 60% in the top-5. First  , it is well suited to our domain  , in that it proposes a simple voting scheme  , where users express their opinions about a common good i.e. For example   , an optimizer might include constant folding  , common subexpression elimination  , dead code elimination   , loop invariant code motion  , and inline expansion of procedure calls. The output of some string operations is reasonably approximated by a regular expression. Providing formal models for modeling contextual lexico-syntactic patterns is the main contribution of this work. It is clear by now that domain-specific query expansion is beneficial for the effectiveness of our document retrieval system. The recursion in the SPARQL query evaluation defined here is indeed identical to 11  , 13. Hybrid policies minimize the flushing of intermediate buffers from main memory   , and hence can decrease the I/O cost for a given execution. The simple MT-based query translation and the PRF methods are illustrated in Figure 1. Assume that nested loop and sort-merge are the only two methods . The signal detection operates on a power signal; a Fast Fourier Transform FFT is being done which trans­ forms the signal in time domain into frequency domain. In each set of experiments presented here  , best scores in each metric are highlighted in bold whereas italic values are those better than TF*IDF baseline scores. In order for find a relevant solution  , the system needs to search over multiple combinations of PMR problem aspects and technical document and find the best matches. In Real-time Adhoc task  , 60 queries are tested and four runs are submitted with different query expansions and different learning-to-rank methods. Tfidf query expansion is used in ICTWDSERUN1  , and concurrency frequency query expansion is used in ICTWDSERUN2. Note that " Raw " means k-NN search based on vectors w BW and w W C . These navigational features are then fed into a sequence of pattern matching steps. Automatic query expansion is a widely used technique in IR. The motivation for the definition of A stems from the desire to interpret the regular expressions for the paths through a program as an A expression. The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. However  , RML provides in addition an operator for transitive closure  , an operator for regular-expression matching   , and operators for comparison of relations  , but does not include functions. , " When was the first camera invented "   , etc. We set out to address two questions. We compared the labels sizes of four labeling schemes in Table 2. by enumeration  , via a regular expression  , or via ad hoc operators specific to text structure such as proximity  , positional and inclusion operators for instance  , in the style of the model for text structure presented in 14. The search follows scoping rules. PD-Live does a breadth-first search from the document a user is currently looking at to select a candidate set of documents. As described earlier  , random search is unguided  , and thus requires no fitness evaluation. Now  , let us consider the evaluation of assertions which involve the use of the PATH-IS function. This serves as our baseline for query expansion. The shallow semantic parser we use is the ASSERT parser  , which is trained on the PropBank Kingsbury et al. For example  , while an expression can be defined to match any sequence of values that can be described by a regular expression  , the language does not provide for a more sophisticated notion of attribute value restrictions. The interesting subtlety is that pattern matching can introduce aliases for existing distinguishing values. The three formulae shown above define two binary and one unary operation on YxV. Query expansion may contribute to weight linked shared concepts  , thus improving the document provider's understanding of the query. In a real author disambiguation system  , it generally is desirable to guarantee certain integrity property of each clus- ter. For support vector machine  , the polynomial kernel with degree 3 was used. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: It is a recursive function that generates the set OptAns of all answers candidate to be optimum by combining the paths in a connected component cc. The number of times a keyword pair u  , v appears in this file is exactly the same as Au  , v. Each fragment matching a triple pattern fragment is divided into pages  , each page contains 100 triples. , the text that describes the software name e.g. The complexity of a regular expression  , i.e. In this paper  , we propose a " deep learning-to-respond " framework for open-domain conversation systems. They conducted two experiments to determine whether users engaged in a more exhaustive " breadth-first " search meaning that users will look over a number of the results before clicking any  , or a " depth-first " search. , 2010  , and further  , they can be efficiently trained on massive corpora.  Deep Learning-to-Respond DL2R. Since the function testme runs in an infinite loop  , the number of distinct feasible execution paths is infinite. A pattern describes what will be affected by the transformation; an action describes the replacement for every matching instance of the pattern in the source code. However  , short queries and inconsistency between user query terms and document terms strongly affect the performance of existing search engines. , 'book jacket' and 'dust cover'. Therefore  , a reasonable role-based identification is to assign the role pattern correlation matrix F R 1 ,2 which is the most similar to the one C We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. The photographs are transformed from spatial domain to frequency domain by a Fast Fourier Transform  , and the pixels whose values surpass a threshold are considered as sharp pixels we use a threshold value of 2  , following 4. These patterns  , mainly consisting of appositives and copulas  , are high-precision patterns represented in regular expressions  , for instance " <SEARCH_TERM> is DT$ NNP " . We have plans on generating classifiers for slot value extraction purposes. Figure 7shows the distribution of question deletion initiator moderator or author on Stack Overflow. Dijkstra's point was important then and no less significant now. We expect that as more approximate predicates become available  , normalized costs will drop. The amount of query expansion for the SK case was thus chosen to be less than that used for the SU case because of the interaction between the query and document expansion devices. All words in the embedding space retain their " language annotations " ; although the words from two different languages are represented in the same semantic space  , we still know whether a word belongs to language LS e.g. Therefore query expansion could be applied to symbols as it was done for keywords. Two main research questions were studied in these experiments: -Whether nominal MWUs which exhibit strong degree of stability in the corpus are better candidates for interactive query expansion than nominal MWUs selected by the frequency parameters of the individual terms they contain; -Whether nominal MWUs are better candidates for interactive query expansion than single terms. The goal of Perspective Folding is to not simply to provide a large field of view but to give a frame of reference around the robot and present cues that peripheral vision and optic flow contribute to locomotion  , perception of self-motion  , and perception of other moving objects. But still the approach of using a generic cost model can provide good results due to two reasons. Once a question class and a knowledge source have been determined  , regular expression patterns that capture the general form of the question must be written. The obtained regular expression can be applied with the appropriate flags such as multi-line support and with appropriate string delimiters to instance pages to check for template matching. Forward moves in the opposite direction through the results stack. That is  , the user clicks that the search engine observes is not based on the topic-driven random surfer model; instead the user's clicks are heavily affected by the rankings of search results. NeumesXML is defined by an XML Schema  , which has powerful capabilities for data constraints that XML DTD lacks. For every pattern tp i in query Q  , a sorted access sa i retrieves matching triples in descending score order. In this setting we extract proximity information from the documents inside R for computing the importance weights associated with the expansion terms. Hence  , the solution most likely converges to local minimum. Random testing  , when used to find a test case for a specific testing target e.g. During the ARA* search  , the costs for applying a motion primitive correspond to the length of the trajectory and additionally depend on the proximity to obstacles. We randomly select 80% nodes as the training set and the rest as the testing set. This approach randomly mutates buggy programs to generate several program variants that are possible patch candidates. 8  , populated by the objects we measured. Usually  , the Euclidean distance between the weight vector and the input pattern is used to calculate a unit's activation. The table shows that the class of context-free languages is closed for a large proportion of the functions in PHP and thus they can be eliminated from a grammar. This occurs because  , during crawling  , only the links matching the regular expression in the navigation pattern are traversed. This calls for feature reduction or feature extraction from the original set of features  , before going into classification. Apart from Bharat and Broder  , several other studies used queries to search engines to collect random samples from their indices. The distribution of these points is shown in Fig 9. DBSCAN is used to cluster the entire data set. Stage 5: The number of runs could not be merged in a single step and the sort is performing intermediate merges during this stage. Koza applied GP Genetic Programming to automatic acquisition of subsum tion architecture to perform wall-following behavior  ?2. Due to the smaller number of sets  , D  , in our case 50 ,000 instead of all the Internet documents we assumed that all the D samples from one permutation can fit in memory. We select all of the synonyms of each word in the query for each query depending on the part of speech. In the data of all tweets  , a retweet can be recognized if it is a regular expression of the kind RT {user name}:{text}. Besides thesaurus based QE described in section 1 and 2  , we proposed a new statistical expansion approach called local co-occurrence based query expansion  , shown in section 3. A text window surrounding the target citation  ,  We then wrote a regular expression rules to extract all possible citations from paper's full text. Besides the discrete design variables  , the size of the search space is further increased by six continuously varying parameters defining the position and orientation of the space shuttle with respect to the satellite. If the search is successful  , then the ancestor mark bit can be set because its random access address was saved. The user interacts with the QAC engine horizontally and vertically according to the H  , D and R models. The USC of Suffixing to Produce Term Variants for Query Expansion Window 2 3. The robot modules we consider are the TeleCube modules currently being developed at Xerox PARC 13 and shown in Figure 1 . It is of some interest that our " general " prediction model led to better performance improvement than out taskspecific models. The quadratic term in 1 maximizes the distance or " margin " between the bounding planes. This choice was motivated by the fact that half the publications in search-based software engineering are on software testing 25. Promising research directions include: 1 using patterns e.g. Plume is a library of utility programs and data structures http://code.google. To support the application  , each document that matches a query has to be retrieved from a random location on a disk. Surprisingly  , our simple rule based heuristic performed better than a support vector machine. Similar to LHAM  , a continuous reorganization of data is proposed. The queries in classes 7 and 8 can be implemented by the SFEU by combining the results of basic pattern matching. o if QUEUE is fully abstract not implemented  , this means that its sort of interest queue is implemented as a derived type of tree  , as indicated in section 3. This operation eliminates redundant central servers without compromising their coverage  , and thus reduces the total number of signatures and consequently computationally expensive  , regular expression matching operations. Since the egg was folded on the preheated ceramic plate  , it folded itself in 3 minutes. Future test rigs may allow forward motion  , or may flow water past a stationary system to simulate forward movement of the water runner. In the conventional PS system  , the word embedding training can be implemented as follows. The most related work is in the area of index design. By via of UMLS Metathesaurus  , the diseases' synonyms were found and used for query expansion. 1a  , the autoencoder is trained with native form and its transliterated form together. Together  , these two factors slow down the performance of page over and above the performance penalty already imposed by the larger number of merge steps. The procedure commences with initial support and confidence threshold values  , describing a current location   in the base plane of the playing area. It is useful to think of these segments as motion primitives  , which are typically defined in relation to terrain interaction. These strings are represented by a random number as an initial population. The results of searching for words in qualified records or of pointer transfer are normally OR'ed together into one bit that is "entered" into the bit stack. Three layers are presented in SG++  , namely the syntactic layer  , the affirmative layer and the negation one. Such violation can occur because presence of an appropriate order on relations can help reduce the cost of a subsequent sort-merge join since the sorting phase is not required. In particular   , for an ambiguous query such as eclipse  , the search engine could either take the probability ranking principle approach of taking the " best guess " intent and showing the results  , or it could choose to present search results that maximize the probability of a user with a random intent finding at least one relevant document on the results page. aGeneralizationa  , b/aSpecializationb  , a: ADT a is an automatic generalization of ADT b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a subexpression of a commuted regular expression that defines the domain for ADT b. View forests 15 are capable of expressing any query in the XQueryCore that does not refer to element order  , use recursive functions or use is/is not operators. For each query  , traditional query expansion often selects expansion term by co-occurrence statistics. To demonstrate how an application can add new facts to the YAGO ontology  , we conducted an experiment with the knowledge extraction system Leila 25 . As will be argued in Subsection 2.2  , hash-based search methods operationalize—apparently or hidden—a means for embedding high-dimensional vectors into a low-dimensional space. To initiate the crawl  , we used the search facilities on PornHub to retrieve all users from the 60 largest cities within and the 48 largest cities outside of the USA based on population  , giving us a seed set of 102k users. Thus  , an optimizer generates only a small number of interesting orders. Finally   , if the effective number of particles �ωt� −2 2 falls below a threshold we stochastically replicate each particle based on its normalized weight. In our ongoing experiments we are investigating both of these techniques  , however the experiments described here focus only on query expansion. The terminal symbols are primitive design steps. In addition  , elliptical feet with the major axis aligned side to side experienced a much greater pull out force than a similar foot with major axis aligned front to back. It is a generai unsupervised tool for ordering highdimensionai statistical data in such a way that alike input items are mapped close to each other. However  , in some other cases there is no significant benefit3  , 14  , even if the user likes interacting with expansion terms. Having a sort order of the parameters across calls that matches the sort order of the inner query gives an effect similar to merge join. Proper nouns from the question are going to be represented in any paragraph containing a possible answer. it changes the schema of the contained elements. Unlike many common retrieval models that use unsupervised concept weighting based on a single global statistic  , parameterized query expansion leverages a number of publicly available sources such as Wikipedia and a large collection of web n-grams  , to achieve a more accurate concept importance weighting. Variations to the idea of providing a visual space with objects corresponding to sound files have been proposed in 12 where a heuristic variation of multi-dimensional scaling FastMap is used to map sound objects into an Euclidean space preserving their similarities and in 13 where a growing self-organizing map is used to preserve sound similarities calculated using psychoacoustic measures in order to visualize music collections as a set of islands on a map. This will not always be feasible in larger domains  , and intelligent search heuristics will be needed. However  , this approach does not provide any help for queries without relevance information. An extension of the cascade of Figure 19.6 in two dimensions with k cascades can be used to do pattern matching operations with respect to k distinct patterns. This regular-expression matching can be performed concurrently for up to 50 rules. We determine these paths by breadth-first search throughG. In order to tackle graph containment search  , a new methodology is needed. Since the bit vector size scales proportionally to the number of divisor objects  , a large number of divisor objects causes large bit vectors  , necessitating quotient partitioning. In order to scale the system up  , we propose several dimensionality reduction techniques to reduce the number of features in the user view. Rule writing requires some knowledge of the JAPE pattern-matching lan- guage 11 and ANNIE annotations. As described in the current SPARQL 1.1 specification  , " a property path is a possible route through a graph between two graph nodes .. and query evaluation determines all matches of a path expression .. " 10. First  , we plan to support additional features such as ordering and aggregation in result customization. For the second step  , we employ a support vector machine as our classifier model. Moreover  , many data sources do not support sorting operation  , which only accept queries with the input of a target relation and a selection predicate  , although the query form does not always follow the SQL syntax. We can easily construct a MCMC sampler so that its stationary distribution is equal to the posterior distribution of model parameters given data and prior distribution of parameters. This is similar to the problem of inferring regular expression structures from examples  , that has been addressed in the machine learning literature e.g. Our preliminary study shows that precision and recall of the system improve after integrating the new query expansion module. It breaks the task at hand into the following components: 1. a tensor construction stage of building user-item-tag correlation; 2. a tensor decomposition stage learning factors for each component mode; 3. a stage of tensor completion  , which computes the creativity value of tag pairs; and 4. a recommender stage that ranks the candidate items according to both precision and creative consideration . Meanwhile   , other machine learning methods can also reach the accuracy more than 0.83. Note that this type of XPath views can also be considered as a regular value index. In the base experimental data set described above  , no attribute values were missing. The final results show Q2 being used for root-finding instead of optimization. The triple pattern matching operator transforms RDF statements into SPARQL solutions. The performance of the stacked model does not come without cost  , however. Computer programs that evolve in ways that resemble natural selection can solve complex problems even their creators do not fully understand " Holland  , 1975. Using a 4000-node subgraph summarized in Table 3  , we generated 1633185 candidate edges. We believe that crawling in breadthfirst search order provides the better tradeoff. , the descriptors  , the basic building blocks of the regular expression  , are person   , employee  , and name. In other words  , we have shown that the iterative program computes an extension of the function computed by our recursive program  , rather that the exact same function. Thus question answering cannot be reduced to mere pattern matching  , but requires firstorder theorem proving. However  , we retain part of the solution: once the fan-in for a merge step has been determined depending on available memory we always merge the smallest remaining runs. Regular expressions would not be able to eliminate the clutter since they are unable to " look-ahead " to provide contextual information. Even though the folding pathways pro­ vided by PRMs cannot be explicitly associated with actual timesteps  , they do provide us with a temporal ordering. It remains unchanged. Most current models of the emotion generation or formation are focused on the cognitive aspects. The tool implementation of MATA has been extended to include matching of any fragments using AGG as the back-end graph rule execution engine. The procedure repeatedly samples queries uniformly at random from the set of predicted queries pqueriesx. Then we insert randomly some sequences  , defined as " suspicious "   , and detect them through our threshold mechanism. If a crawl is started from a single seed  , then the order in which pages will be crawled tends to be similar to a breadth first search through the link graph 27 the crawl seldom follows pure breadth first order due to crawler requirements to obey politeness and robots restrictions . However  , these two dimensions of flexibility also make automatic formulation of CNF queries computationally challenging  , and makes manual creation of CNF queries tedious. However  , an additional and ultimately more important reason for skyrocketing software costs arises from the fact that current large software systems are much more complex by any measure of complexity than the systems being developed 25 years ago or even ten years ago. Like a random search  , a global optimum will be produced in the limit as ng-wo. Each size of the model of quadrangle  , each location of the pattern matching model  , and the location of the center of iris are established. The teehnique's inspiration comes from the use of the regular expression for the paths in a program as a suitably interpreted A expression. Second  , po boils down to " pattern matching  , " which is a major function of today's page-based search engine. In order to develop such supervisors we will construct a recursive function supervisor parameterized by functions next E NEXT. We implement two alternative approaches to accomplish this. Leaf nodes in an XML document tree may contain multiple linguistic tokens. This microglider prototype is a first step in our exploration of gliding as an alternative or complementary locomotion for miniature robotics to overcome obstacles and increase the traveling distance per energy unit. Standard languages for interactive text retrieval include pattern-matching constructs such as wild characters and other forms of partial specification of query terms 1121. In formal program verification one usually avoids explicitly constructing representations of program states. Other researchers used classifier systems 17  or genetic programming paradigm 3  to approach the path planning problem. Unsupervised hashing: Cross-View Hashing CVH 6 13 and Inter-Media Hashing IMH 4 20  are unsupervised hashing methods that extend spectral hashing to exploit the local structure of multimodal data for learning binary codes. In more recent systems  , Lucene  , a high-performance text retrieval library  , is often deployed for more sophisticated index and searching capability. The authors of the data set  , Zimmermann et al. However  , one may wish to assign different weights to different parts of the time series. There has also been some work on the notion of converting path expression queries into state machines has been previously proposed in 3 ,14. random query selection followed by random document selection for each query. Returning to the scenario described in Section 5  , the designer of the railroad system identified the stack and the queue models as potentially reusable and stored them in the repository as described in the Section 5.1. In the CAR example  , assume methods to deliver it to the dealer  , to sell a car  , and to destroy it. If the buckets are compressed before the matching phase  , we also show in LGM96 that the overall cost  , is lfil+ IF21 + 2 * If21 + I + U 10s. Robots must be small to fit in operating rooms which are packed with  , various precision machines; there is no small  , light surgery robot system that can rival our system. Most approaches applicable to our problem formulation use some form of pattern matching to identify definition sentences. When operating in multilingual settings  , it is highly desirable to learn embeddings for words denoting similar concepts that are very close in the shared inter-lingual embedding space e.g. The primary advantage over the implicit integration method of Anitescu and Potra is the lower running time that such alternative methods can yield  , as the results in Table Ican testify. Unlike the simple search given above  , the path so defined must be remembered. To encourage diversity in those replicated particles  , we select a small number of documents 10 in our implementation from the recent 1000 documents  , and do a single MCMC sweep over them  , and then finally reset the weight of each particle to uniform. The type of the exception thrown is compared with the exception types declared as arguments in each catch block. Sine~ each node consists of only 24 bytes and the top-down search is closer to a depth-first search than a breadth-first search  , the amount of space required by the hierarchy n·odes is not excessive. The following definition will specify how complex formulae from F  , which serve as annotations for results of matching complex graph pattern  , will be derived. Weimer et al. Combining either of these two expansion methods with query translation augmented by phrasal translation and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance above 90% monolingual. Previous work in person name disambiguation can be generally be categorized as either supervised or unsupervised approaches. After all documents are indexed  , the data are aggregated and sent to the Self-Organizing Map for categorization. , maintainability 16  , 111  , deformable objects 2  , 5  , HI  , and even computational Biology and Chemistry e.g. Two important types of patterns are the value change pattern and the failure pattern. Furthermore  , the investigator himself may intervene and edit the query directly. In this paper we are in­ terestcd in problems with tree-like linkage structures. Finally  , Section 5 concludes the paper. The two NLP tools required by this system are: recognition of basic syntactic phrases  , i.e. Second  , some text may happen to match a regular expression by coincidence but still the document may fail to support the answer. One other study used eye-tracking in online search to assess the manner in which users evaluate search results 18. , a test case that triggers a failure or covers a particular branch/path follows a geometric distribution. In this way we represent each comment by a dense low-dimensional vector which is trained to predict words in the comment and overcomes the weaknesses of word embeddings solely. In DBSCAN a cluster is defined as a set of densely-connected points controlled by  which maximize density-reachability and must contain at least M inP ts points. Recent IE systems have addressed scalability with weakly supervised methods and bootstrap learning techniques. The division of queries into the three classes would also he valid for Sort-Merge and Neslcd Loop join. The method applies a " hill-climbing " strategy that makes use of a 3-D playing area measuring   , as visualised in the illustrations discussed above. If not  , another merge pass has to be done before commencing the SF passes. Its design allows for easy integration into the design and fold patterns for more complex machines that may require bi-stable switches  , actuators  , or valves. One focus group participant described the ability to browse as a facility supported in shops  , but not in the music resources that he consults on the WWW: " You also can't choose random CDs  , which I suppose is the advantage of shops as you can just search at random. " A regular expression is used to segment a piece of text to tokens. We try to find the answer from the sentence list returned without a match by the pattern matching step. The SSG may contain cycles  , hence it is not necessary to introduce k-limiting techniques to represent self-referential data structures. , we do not consider conditions on other attributes. The TREC datasets specified in Table 1were used for experiments. 9  , originally used for production rule systems  , is an efficient solution to the facts-rules pattern matching problem. Proposals for pattern-matching operators are of little use unless indices can be defined to permit . This crucial benefit of graphs recently led to an emerging interest in graph based data mining 7. In this graph  , vetexes and edges represent nodes and links respectively. The dataset comprises a set of approximately one million queries selected uniformly at random from the search sessions. As usual  , we write Lr for the language defined by regular expression r. The class of all regular expressions is actually too large for our purposes  , as both DTDs and XSDs require the regular expressions occurring in them to be deterministic also sometimes called one-unambiguous 15 . Although in ToXin we can narrow the search by following only those label paths that match the regular expression in the query  , we still have to compute all continuous paths over them. The satellites automatically instrument the application using Javassist 25. A second dimension entails elaborating on line 3. The experiments reported used a breadth first search till maximum depth 3 using the words falling in the synsets category. Secondly  , a projection facility can hide all code associated with a feature in the editor during development  , so that the remaining code can be viewed in isolation. Another method called query expansion expands the query terms with similar keywords for refining search results and guessing the user's query intents 2  , 11  , 27  , 28. From this it appears that the effects of random walk searches produce equivalent results as an exhaustive search. E. W. Dijkstra  , in his book on structured pro- gramming 7   , describes a backtracking solution with pruning   , which we implemented in Java for the purpose of our experiment. As part of the Accelerate and Create task  , we also describe an exploratory tool for efficient and intuitive visualization of large streams. imputation  inappropriate. In contrast  , Nelder and Mead's Downhill -Simplex method requires much stricter control over which policies are evaluated. Xiao et al. A content-based MetaLabeler was built at each node in the taxonomy. In this way  , we can represent a DTD or Schema structure as a set of parallel trees  , which closely resemble DTD/Schema syntax  , with links connecting some leaves with some roots  , in a graph-like manner. Moreover  , following the recent trend of multilingual word embedding induction e.g. To handle inter-procedural dependences including recursive functions/procedures  , we have introduced auxiliary types of nodes in a PDG. Inspired from lo  , the segments of articulation of each finger are concurrent at the wrist's middle point  , C   , as shown in Figure 2a. Therefore  , our final expansion configuration were set as: This approach aims to reduce the bias introduced through human defined search terms. Then  , a support vector machine 32 is used to compute the relevance score of these sections 2 Note  , this is different from HTML frames. However  , their pattern languages are limited by a small number of pattern variables for matching linguistic structures. The search engine can be activated in different modes applying three different search types  , namely  , Automatic Query Expansion auto  , Interactive Query Expansion semi  , and a regular search without query expansion none. We will deal with these cycles in the next step. Overall  , our findings demonstrate that the parameterized query expansion is an effective and flexible framework that can seamlessly incorporate multiple concept types. The regular expression states that a noun phrase can be a combination of common noun  , proper noun and numeral  , which begins with common or proper noun. Neither method regular expressions or language model for classifying questions was ideal. As shown in Figure 1  , the auxiliary word embeddings utilized in GPU-DMM is pre-learned using the state-of-the-art word embedding techniques from large document collections. First  , as our problems are not posed in an environment containing external obstacles  , the only collision constraint we impose is that our configurations be self-collision free  , and  , for the protein folding problem  , our preference for low energy con­ formations leads to an additional constraint on the feasible conformations. Definition 2. The latter corresponds to placing a state-dependent conditions akin to Dijkstra guards on the servicing of PI operation 12 HRT-UML draws from the Ravenscar Profile the restrictions on the use of these invocation constraints. Starting from top-15 documents ranked by our system  , we follow two query expansion steps: 1. In Section 2 we describe related query expansion approaches. While dynamic techniques require execution traces and test suites  , static techniques are based solely on source code. The Digital Mechanism and Gear Library is a heterogeneous digital library with regard to the resources and media types. Note that one image-pattern neuron is added at every training point and the target's pose at that point is stored in conjunction with the image-pattern neuron for use later. But the pattern is quite difficult to understand so it helps to have this pattern level view and this matching into the source code. Random restarts were applied to initial weights to allow the optimizer to find a reasonable solution. Our focus in this work is on evaluating search engines as they are used in practice. Figure 8shows an example of this technique in action. Therefore  , each data category is associated with a detection method. We describe how we train the Word Embedding models in Section 5. The documents contain different sections  , with their corresponding headings. The merging of these identical items does not occur at this point as there are cases where it makes sense to apply further transformation. In extensive experiments it has been proven to be very effective even for large teams of robots and using two different dec au pled path planning techniques. Capturing LCC Structure: To capture the connectivity structure of the Largest Connected Component LCC  , we use a few high-degree users as starting seeds and crawl the structure using a breadth-first search BFS strategy. One challenge in using deep learning to model rich user features is the high dimension of the feature space which makes the learning inefficient and may impact the generalization ability of the model. exMax: maximum memory for an external merge. This subsection gives an overview of the basic ideas and describes recent enhancements to improve the recall of answer extraction. The third component is identification of documents for human relevance assessment. For these applications  , different criteria are used to judge the validity of nodes and edges. Such a template can be converted to a non deterministic regular expression by replacing hole markers with blocks of " any character sequence " which would be . We shall examine normalized vectors to see if it helps for an easier parameter tuning. We show an example of a probabilistically deaened search space in Figure 3  , which includes an ëactual" aeeld obtained by a random generation of object locations from this probabilistic data. By clicking on the fold marker  , the user can switch between an expanded or a collapsed state. Due to space limitation  , we will not enumerate these results here. Each cluster is a maximum set of density-connected points. For example  , for Paraphrase-Abbreviation questions for example  , " What is the abbreviation for the United Nations "   , it retrieves all articles in which the fullname United Nations appears. This is implemented by the following pseudo code: new command name: ALL OPERATION; move the cursor to the form with heading DATA ABSTRACTION: stack; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; loop: while there is child form with heading OPERATION ; display the operation name and its I/0 entry; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; end loop ; The extended command ALL__OPERATION stack displays useful methodology oriented information and greatly reduces the number of key strokes n ec essary. WNB-G-MCMC also performs slightly better than WNB-MCMC. In the hybrid SSH  , localization by hill-climbing is replaced by localization in an LPIM. For example  , the independent assumption between different columns can be relaxed to capture multi-column interdependency. Rather  , it selects a successor at random  , and moves to that successor provided that there is an improvement of MP C. The computation usually halts when we have not been able to choose a better successor after a fixed number of attempts. In order to recognize those dirty text  , we employed regular expression techniques. Unlike previous work  , we conduct a novel study of retrievalbased automatic conversation systems with a deep learning-torespond schema via deep learning paradigm. The queries were sampled at random from query log files of a commercial local search engine and the results correspond to businesses in our local search data; all queries are in English and contain up to 7 terms. Hence  , the input sentence matrix is augmented with an additional set of rows from the word type embeddings . The ultimate goal of this work is the development of 3D machines that can cross rugged  , natural andl manmade terrains. Duplication is useful in the case when the record is to be used as context for another operation which consumes the top bit. It is clear that popularity of topics vary over time  , new topics emerge and some topics cease to exist. A function's effects depend on the effects of its callees as well its overriding functions   , potentially causing a function to be analyzed several times. Queries are passed through cleansing steps  , such as case-folding  , stop-word elimination  , term uniquing  , and reordering of query terms in alphabetical order . This is the value used for pattern matching evaluation. In general  , for facial expression recognition system  , there are three basic parts:  Face detection: Most of face detection methods can detect only frontal and near-frontal views of the fount. Similarities are only computed between words in the same word list. In the following  , we first describe our sentence model for mapping queries and documents to their intermediate representations and then describe how they can be used for learning semantic matching between input query-document pairs. For tweet expansion  , we used relevance modelling based approach to expand tweets by topically and temporally similar tweets. Parameterized query expansion provides a flexible framework for modeling the importance of both explicit and latent query concepts. For instance  , Beaulieu 3 reported that both the explicit and implicit use of a thesaurus using interactive or automatic query expansion respectively can be beneficial. Section 4 illustrates how this logical architecture has been implemented in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET DL systems and the advantages that the introduction of this service has brought to the their functionality. We then extracted noun phrases by running a shallow part of speech tagger191  , and labeling as a noun phrase any groups of words of length less than six which matched the regular expression NounlAdjective*Noun. , in terms of purity and precision. These approaches focus on analyzing one-shot data points to detect emergent events. Forward selection starts with a simple model usually all variables independent and iteratively adds terms accepting more complex hypotheses  , so long as there is sufficient evidence to accept new hypotheses. Sharp pixel proportion 4 1 Photographs that are out of focus are usually regarded as poor photographs  , and blurriness can be considered as one of the most important features for determining the quality of the photographs. the search procedure is breadth first search which examines all the nodes on one level of the tree before any nodes of the next level ignoring the goal distance Ac. Extensive experiments on our datasets demonstrated that our TDCM model can accurately explain the user behavior in QAC. First  , since the neural language model essentially exploits word co-occurrence in a text corpus   , for a label of relatively low occurrence  , its embedding vector could be unreliable for computing its similarity to images and other labels. The index structures allowed unique values only  , thus  , each insert operation involved a search to ensure that the item was not already there. Section 3 details our semantic query expansion technique using disease synonym dictionary. These metrics use Word Embedding models newly trained using the separate Twitter background dataset  , but making use of the word2vec 5 tool. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. The most time consuming step of the experimental design and fabrication of self-folding structures was the physical construction of the self-folding sheets. Search Engine with interactive query expansion semi. The expected log-likelihood 14 i s maximized using EM  , a popular niethod for hill climbing in likelihood space for problems with latent variables 2. We distinguish between the two versions in that one applies further query expansion for only those queries in which people's names occur 4 and the other applies for further query expansion for all queries 5 . The original motivation of this work was to build an effective ranking function for usenet searches involving queries relevant to Microsoft products. At this point  , the chain is also moved to the tail  , starting at the extreme module e S of the slice and ending at the root lines 10–12. The query in Example 1.1 defines a view which logically partitions the database into three regions  , as in Figure 3 . Other  , more sophisticated IBT approaches using the maximum subsequence optimization may still yield improvement  , but we leave this as future work. We compare the results obtained using the kernel functions defined in Sect. , ligand docking 7  , 221  , protein folding 3 ,23  , 241. Note that the model is sufficiently general in the sense that the expressions can be extended to operate on any new schematic information that may be of interest. In this regard  , our structural function inlining is a novel technique for typing recursive XML queries. Although the PSO has the stochastic property  , i.e. The procedure is as follows: 7. Arithmetic operators and the log function are internal nodes while different numerical features of the query and ad terms can be leafs of the function tree. The Limpid Desk system meets our requirement of giving simple access to physical documents. -relevance evaluation  , which allows ordering of answers. The nature of the CSIRO corpus allowed us to carry out genre identification into a small number of interesting categories people  , projects  , media releases  , publications  , biographies  , feature articles  , podcasts  , using some simple regular expression matches over URLs and document texts. In this work  , we pursue the same direction but using a query expansion technique different from those used by previous researchers. Regular-Expression Matching: XTM provides the ability to search for text that matches a set of rules or patterns  , such as looking for phone numbers  , email addresses  , social-security numbers   , monetary values  , etc. To tackle the problem   , we presented a novel random walk model that incorporates the inferred search impact of pages into the standard connectivity-based page importance computation. the context of SFP  , the query model is a discriminating property between systems. We compared our ranking methods over a random sample of 3 ,000 queries from the search engine query logs. The protein folding problem has a complication in that the way in which the protein folds depends on factors other than the purely geometrical con­ straints which govern the polygonal problems. Furthermore  , the correlations between different concepts have not been fully exploited in previous research. Recursive splitting due to parent page overflows are handled in the same way. The quantifier defines to how many nodes from the set the single node must be connected by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. , 4 and LD see e.g. Assuming an industrial setting  , long-term attention models that include the searcher's general interest in addition to the current session context can be expected to become powerful tools for a wide number of inference tasks. Thcsc nvo factors alone account for ahout 90% of the elapsed time. The recursive function generates the equivalent of o using one of the four following behaviors depending on the kind of concept the meta-class of o models. Overall  , Harman's method is not particularly good  , achieving a mean precision only just better than the best automatic query expansion search. For the ellipse feet  , the front to back orientation provided far greater lift than the side to side orientation  , shown in Fig. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. , 15 problems. So the default Join could have been planned with sort-merge before performing the rewrite. If the pattern has a 'don't care' symbol  , then the cell should essentially perform a 'unit stage delay' function to propagate the match signal from the previous stage to the next stage. The Concern Manipulation Environment CME supports its own pattern-matching language for code querying. We extract expansion concepts specific to each query from this lexicon for query expansion. The result of unsupervised pattern learning through PRF is a set of soft patterns as presented in Section 2 Step 3a. We assume that the tree has a well defined root  , and that a transaction attempting to construct a write quorum calls the recursive function WriteQuorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. Further more  , we also compared the five variants of WNBs each other. A candidate path is located when an entity from the forward frontier matches an entity from the reverse frontier. This is basically a random search combined with the heuristic: spreading out the contacts produces better quality grasps. GERBIL abides by a service-oriented architecture driven by the model-view-controller pattern see Figure 1. edges  ? the "   , " by "  as previously mentioned. Moving between the two activities may be awkward or disorienting  , making it difficult to maintain a sense of direction of focus. In that sense  , we have presented a new framework for integrating external predicates into Datalog. The idea of having bilingual contexts for each pivot word in each pseudo-bilingual document will steer the final model towards constructing a shared inter-lingual embedding space. Links are labeled with sets of keywords shared by related documents. For a regular expression r over elements   , we denote by r the regular expression obtained from r by replacing every ith a-element in r counting from left to right by ai. The other is that Repeatable also handles loops that arise from user interaction with the dom. Que TwigS TwigStack/PRIX from 28  , 29 / ToXinScan vs. X that characterize the ce of an XML query optimizer that takes conjunction with two summary pruning ugmented with data r provides similar se of system catalog information in optimization strategy  ,   , which reduces space by identifying at contain the query a that suggest that  , can easily yield ude. The last three years of Microblog track papers have shown substantial  , consistent  , and significant improvements in retrieval effectiveness from the use of expansion. Our query expansion technique adds to a given query terms which are highly similar  , in terms of statistical distribution  , to all of the terms in the query. As shown in Table 4  , the proposed methods outperformed TF*IDF in terms of multiple metrics. Voorhees et al. Then we turn to QSQR which has recently been introduced for handling recursive axioms in deductive databases by Vie86. Naturally  , this simple technique depends crucially on the corpus having an answer formulated in a specific way. Next we give details of how deep learning techniques such as convolution and stacking can be used to obtain hierarchical representations of the different modalities. In our primary results  , 65 42% of the rules matched at least one URL some URLs were matched more than once for a total of 6933 rule matches. q~.0 ,~.l ,. Fourier transform 10  is an invertible function which decomposes a function into a continuous spectrum of its frequency components. Seemingly little information is available from the relevance score vs. rank profile used by the log-merge method. However  , if segmentation is performed separately after Kd-tree search finishes  , additional time is required to sort the data points whose computational time is ether ON  or OK log K where K is the number of the data points found within the hyper-sphere. Specifically   , we collected the previous Amazon reviews of each reviewer in the root dataset and the Amazon product pages those reviews were associated with. From the query and retrieval point of view  , different query formulation strategies such as the manual query expansion and automatic query expansion also referred as semantic search have been systematically performed and evaluated. Some groups found that query expansion worked well on this collection  , so we applied the " row expansion " technique described in last year's paper 10. In this paper  , we introduce the query expansion and ranking methods used by the NICTA team at 2007 Genomics Track. A survey can be found in 3. Our pattern matching approach uses textual patterns to classify and interpret questions and to extract answers from text snippets. Our second major enhancement to traditional parallel coordinates visualization allows the user to query shapes based on approximate pattern matching. The advantage of our approach is that it is not limited to a pre-defined set of semantic categories. Some questions contains more than one noun phrase  , we number these noun phrases according to their orders in the questions. Web queries are often short and ambiguous. However  , the recency-based approach favors expansion terms from recent tweets and the temporal approach favors expansion terms from relevant busts in the recent or not-so-recent past. – Random query terms are sent to the fulltext search interface of the archive if present and from the search response we learn the URIs that it holds. This Figure 4: Use of case inheritance search travels upwards in the hierarchy  , i.e. This phase follows a hill climbing strategy   , that is  , in each iteration  , a new partition is computed from the previous one by performing a set of modifications movements of vertices between communities. Observe that for all values of x  , randomized rank promotion performs better than or as well as nonrandomized ranking. In 16 Hahn et al. The entity resolution ER problem see 14 ,3  for surveys shares many similarities with link discovery. The self-organizing map and related models have been used in a number of occasions for the classification and representation of document collections. We have also applied C-PRM to several problems arising in computational Biology and Chemistry such as ligand binding and protein folding. Variations give rise to ambiguity in the data  , and typically result in false negatives. By choosing 'download' from the top-left menu see Figure 5  , the data of the formation are broadcast to the robots in the simulator and they begin re-arranging themselves to establish the new formation. The search costs are the average costs of new clients. Another retrieval model we explored this year is the latent concept expansion model LCE 18. Finally  , performance of heuristic search based semantic query optimization needs to be evaluated in a real database environ- ment. The robot is able to successfully locate the object using information provided exclusively by the second robot. For example  , 8 shows that cvery polyhedron can be 'wrapped' by folding a strip of paper around it  , which ad­ dresses a question arising in three-dimensional origami  , e.g. The lowdimensionality of the embeddings as compared to vector space models hundreds instead of millions make them an elegant solution to address lexical sparsity in settings with very few labels Turian et al. It was common  , for example   , to find programs where  , given a few hundred random searches  , the fastest search order outperformed the slowest by four or five orders of magnitude. We used both the institutions " internal search engines and customized Google queries to locate research data policies. The second component  , central server identification  , aggregates individual drive-by download samples which form MDNs and then identifies the central servers. This approach introduces more noise  , but guarantees that every query will be expanded. In this way  , at each point the node being inserted will become the rightmost leaf node in T after insertion. Rather the twig pattern is matched as a whole due to sequence transformation. On this corpus  , we target at two entity types: phone and email. The key elements to achieve this dynamic folding of the cloth are: appropriate deformation to fold the cloth and grasping the end of the deformed cloth. The property verification is restricted to the users that belong to the specified class  , and that matches the regular expression in the scope of the property. Researchers have also investigated users' ability to select good terms for query expansion 15  , 23  , 25. Large sorts were typically caused by sort-merge joins or groupby. Others 51  , 32 can automatically infer rules by mining existing software; they raise warnings if violations of the rules occur. We omit Raw for word-sequence embedding w W S because there is no logic in comparing word-sequence vectors of two different documents. The query relaxation engine should automatically determine similar entities and use them for query expansion. At each level of this hierarchy   , only a single B+-tree exists unless a merge is currently performed   , which creates temporary trees. We cannot extend the Featherstone method to the walking robots as easily as we extended Walker and Orin's method  , because we have also to consider the acceleration of point 0 0 and the contact efforts. , πn is the value of the g minus the tax numeraire  , given by: uic = vig − πi. In addition to automatic query expansion  , semi-automatic query expansion has also been studied Ekm 92  , Han 92  , Wad 88. Half received MDS first and half received random first  , and within a condition  , the searches were given in a random order. If f was neither a proposition nor a structured pattern  , we checked how many content words in f had appeared in previous features. In this paper we are only interested in SPARQL CONSTRUCT queries. In those use cases  , regular expressions are needed in order to find patterns in the input stream. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. Regular expression patterns are used to identify tags  , references  , figures  , tables  , and punctuations at the beginning or the end of a retrieved passage in order to remove them. In this experiment  , where external sorts frequently experience large fluctuations in their allocated memory  , the number of runs that an external sort selects for the first preliminary merge step during a split  , whether according to naive or based on opt. This helps in alleviating an inherent limitation of symbolic execution by building on results from tools that do not suffer from the same limitation. Deep learning has recently been proposed for building recommendation systems for both collaborative and content based approaches. However  , this expansion produces a single semantic vector only. Genetic Programming shows its sharp edge in solving such kind of problems  , since its internal tree structure representation for " individuals " can be perfectly used for describing ranking functions. A large majority of them are either provably or potentially unstable. In this work  , we showed theoretical bounds on the number of fingers needed to grasp and fold string into knots  , while ensuring that the string is held tautly in a polygonal arc. In the first attempt  , we defined three different detection methods: maximum entropy  , regular expression  , and closed world list. In folding simulations  , similar structures between proteins could be indicative of a common folding pathway. Attribute partitioning HAMM79 is another term for a transposed file scheme within a relational database  , As stated in BORA62  , such schemes are useful in statistical database systems because although the relations often contain many attributes  , usually only a few are referenced in any one query  , Additionally  , attribute partitioning is useful in compression schemes that depend on physical adjacency of identical values EGGEBO  , EGGEBl  , TURN79. Since there are a lot of noise data  , DBSCAN with larger Eps is likely to include those noise data and cause chain affection  , forming serval larger clusters instead of small individual clusters. In addition  , applications that use these services do not have the ability to pick and choose optional features  , though new optimization techniques may remove unused code from the application after the fact 35. = DispersionAb2: the ability of a group of agent to spread out in order to establish and maintain some minimum inter-agent distance. If there exists an instance with the same name  , the user can tell whether the newfound name refers to an existing instance or to a new one. To ensure that edge score is a probability  , |  , is computed via softmax as |  , exp ∑ exp All experiments in this section use the breadth-first search strategy. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. At this point the start position information is used to determine whether the segments occur in the correct order within the protein and if the proper gap constraints between them are met. For example  , configurations in which the flaps of the box fold over other flaps. As document collection we used a random sample of 2 million questions and their best answers from Yahoo Answers. The matching is holistic since FiST does not break a twig pattern into root-to-leaf paths. For the first variation the text collection was the Web  , and for the second  , the local AQUAINT corpus. Folding-in is based on the existing latent semantic structure and hence new terms and documents have no effect on the representation of the pre-existing terms and documents. We are not surprised for this experimental results. The problem of mining graph-structured data has received considerable attention in recent years  , as it has applications in such diverse areas as biology  , the life sciences  , the World Wide Web  , or social sciences. As can be seen in the table  , CnC detects all the errors found by JCrasher with only a fraction of the test cases except for UB-Stack  , where JCrasher found few opportunities to create random data conforming to the class's interface and slightly fewer reports. For example  , Figure 1shows an example query plan for a path query in which some constraints involve standard graph pattern matching. Thus  , pattern mining that relies solely on matching type names for program entities would not work. , Dutch. During evaluation of this expression  , the descriptor person would only match a label person on an edge. propose the ObjectRank system 3 which applies the random walk model to keyword search in databases modelled as labelled graphs. Pattern inflexibility: Whether using corpus-based learning techniques or manually creating patterns  , to our knowledge all previous systems create hard-coded rules that require strict matching i.e. Anyway  , the C parameter tuning is a very time and labor intensive work so that we need some automatic hill-climbing parameter calibration given enough computing power. Thus the approximated objective function is: To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. For example  , consider the comment of the focus group participant who critiqued the relative difficulty of browsing in MIR systems  " You also can't choose random CDs  , which I suppose is the advantage of shops as you can just search at random " ; Section 4.1. The models can help IE systems overcome difficulties caused by language variations in pattern matching. It is well-known that the permutation expression can be compacted a bit to exponential size but no further compaction is possible in regular expression notation. Aside from being easy to implement and having an agreeable time complexity  , DBSCAN has many relevant advantages including its capacity to form arbitrarily shaped clusters and to automatically detect outliers. The consolidated stoppage points are subsequently clustered using a modified DBSCAN technique to get the identified truck stops. Behavior cache reduces calls to an LDF server  , especially  , when the server hosts multiple datasets  , the HTTP cache could handle frequent queries on a dataset but cannot absorb all calls. No one advocates or teaches this style of description  , so why do people use it instead of the more precise vocabulary of computer science ? The whole system consists of three major compo­ nents  , namely texture feature extractor  , texture clas­ sifier and boundary detector. The purpose of this research is to decide on a query-by-query basis if query expansion should be used. Even if not all occurrences are used for training  , the large number of glyph examples  , sorted by quality  , makes it easier for OCR engineers to compose a good training set. We already mentioned that xtract 31 also utilizes the Minimum Description Length principle. The density maps for three TREC topics are shown in Figure 2above. The action that is chosen is determined by the weighted sum of the context features and a random component. , its model encoding cost  , is simply taken to be its length  , thereby preferring shorter expressions over longer ones. Although the successful inference of the real-world expressions in Section 5.1 suggests that iDRegEx is applicable in real-world scenarios  , we further test its behavior on a sizable and diverse set of regular expressions. In order to explore the search space  , we solve the problem of efficiently generating random  , uniformlydistributed execution plans  , for acyclic queries. The optimization problem presented in Section II is strongly limited by local mimima see Section IV-B for examples. The popularity increase is much more sudden under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model. Internally  , the framework builds up a microscopic representation of the system based on these observations as well as on a list of interactions of interest specified by the user. Most implemented path planners have been developed for mobile robots and manipulators with a few degrees of freedom dof. An XQuery type e.g. It tries to do better than Parent by overiapping the computation of different cuboids and using partially matching sort orders. The target edge is also identified in the image and the relative distance between the two edges is calculated. If a local miminum is reached  , A * search is invoked  , beginning at the point at which hill climbing got stuck see Fig. The sort and the scan operations can be done by the same scan task because their operations do not overlap in time. , president will be an answer. However  , the current state of the art is confirmed to be Flat-COTE and our next objective is to evaluate whether HIVE-COTE is a significant improvement. for sequencing have their usual meaning. In the Generation stage  , the question is analyzed and possible answer patterns are generated. We used the UNIX sort utility in the implementation of the sort merge outerjoin. However  , the TVRC framework is flexible enough that it can be used with other statistical relational models e.g. In this paper  , we presented an optimal control a p proach to generating paths for robots  , extended our contact model to apply generally rather than specifically  , and discussed the derivatives that the general contact model in conjunction with the optimal control a p proach require. Figure 4shows the average similarity of25 queries in each set retrieved over the two datasets every 50 seconds using a SUN Ultrasparc 2  , 200 MHz  , with 256MB of RAM. These approaches have two shortcomings that we have identified and address in this work: 1. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. Instead of relying solely on the anomalous features and extracting them greedily  , we have used deep learning approach of learning and subsequently reducing the feature set. In TREC 2012 microblog track  , we explore the query expansion and document expansion approaches to tweet retrieval. We used depth-first search DFS as the basis for PRSS in this paper; we plan to explore the use of variants of breadth-first search in future work. When reaching this limit  , a sort converts to u5 ing multiple merge steps. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. Computational search techniques to find fixed level covering arrays include standard techniques such as hill climbing and simulated annealing. The duration of the burn-in period was determined by running three MCMC chains in parallel and monitoring the convergence of predictions. Fan et al. We found that query expansion techniques  , such as acronym expansion  , while improving 1-concept query retrieval performance  , have little effect on multiconcept queries. A vexing question that has plagued the use of technologyassisted review  " TAR "  is " when to stop " ; that is  , knowing when as much relevant information as possible has been found  , with reasonable effort. The first mode of the beam was estimated in real-time utilizing the Empirical Transfer Function Estimator ETFE 17. 12 Although the most recent version of the application profile  , from September 2004 13  , retains the prohibition on role refinement of <dc:creator>  , the efforts the DC- Lib group made to find some mechanism for communicating this information supports the view that role qualification is considered important. But in fact  , sort merge join does not need to compare tuples on the traditional '<' operator – any total ordering will do. When a radius is defined  , as in DBSCAN  , or some related parameter   , a particular view is being set that has an equivalence to viewing a density plot with a microscope or telescope at a certain magnification. In addition  , before the main loop is executed  , R*GPU generates K random successors of the start state. Here we introduce a self-supervised classifier for associating currently detected clusters with previously found objects. When we only apply query expansion in queries of GTT 2  , 3  , 4  , and 5  , our system achieves the best MAP. Our QA system is constructed using methods of classical IR  , enhanced with simple heuristics. We introduced a design pipeline which automatically generates folding information  , then compiles this information into fabrication files. 4A simple DF*ICF database selection method performs as well as the CORI method. Our previous work on creating self-folding devices controlling its actuators with an internal control system is described in 3. without materializing R when D or S when D. HERALD currently supports two strategies for obtaining access to deltas in connection with the hypothetical algebraic operators and other delta operators  , one based on hashing and the other on a sort-merge paradigm. Extract all multi-word terms using the predefined regular expression rules. Many commercially available anti-virus programs apply a detection system based on the " pattern signature matching " or " scanner " method. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependence between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. On top of a standard annotation framework  , the Web Annotation Data Model WADM 6   , the qa vocabulary is defined. Query Expansion. From the language perspective  , although many built-in functions are available  , features such as the remaining XQuery language constructs  , remaining XPath axes  , userdefined function library  , user-defined recursive functions  , and many built-in functions and operators can be done in the future. Although the tree notation is well suited for the transformational purposes  , its recursive nature does not guarantee an efficient execution. The parameters were fixed for all the evaluation conditions at: b=0.86; and K=1.2 for the baseline run without query expansion  , and K=1.1 with query expansion. More specifically  , we are concerned with query expansion in service to hashtag retrieval. However  , this requires that the environment appropriately associate branch counts and other information with the source or that all experiments that yield that information be redone each time the source changes. This method has been combined with a random path search system in those cases in which the problem involves systems with a high number of degrees of freedom ll. News has traditionally been delivered in pre-packaged forms originally in newspapers   , which h a ve subsequently been joined by radio and television broadcasts  , and most recently by internet news services. The next step in sophistication is to have a template that can model more general transformations than the simple template  , such as affine distortion. These latter effects probably account for the increase in average time per operation for the hill-climbing version to around 250-300ns; the difference in the code for these two methods is tiny. Subsequently  , each block is sorted according to geographical location second column  , value: Loc  , and finally  , the collections or the libraries first column  , value: Col/Lib are ordered alphabetically for each geographical location. From a statistical language modeling perspective  , meaning of a word can be characterized by its context words. This was mainly caused by the inaccuracy of the approximate pattern matching. All of the timings in this section were done on a 120MHz Pentium PC running Linux  , and the code was compiled using the gcc compiler with optimisation turned on  , This figure illustrates clearly the usefulness of hill-climbing  , with the effect being most noticeable for larger hulls. Existing DSE tools alleviate path explosion using search strategies and heuristics that guide the search toward interesting paths while pruning the search space. Abnormal aging and fault will result in deviations with respect to normal conditions. The use of relation path query expansion DRQER under RBS can further improve the MRR score to over 0.554  , which is significantly better than the best reported results in 8 for RBS without query expansion. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. Comments represent a candidate items. Similarly  , node 2 has two children for the two occurrences " B 1 C 1 " and " B 2 F 1 " of the expression " BC|F* " . We integrated Mathematica8 into our system  , to perform pattern matching on the equations and identify occurrences within a predefined set of patterns. On the other hand  , in a multiuser environment much less buffer space may actually be available. Finally  , we applied data mining DM techniques based on grammar-guided genetic programming GGGP to create reference models useful for defining population groups. To better understand the motion of figured mechanisms and machines DMG-Lib can animate selected figures within e-books. By creating a separate relation for every spec field  , Squander solves all these problems: whatever abstraction function is given to a spec field  , it will be translated into a relational constraint on the corresponding relation  , and Kodkod will find a suitable value for it. Then  , the distribution of the scores of all documents in a library is modelled by the random variable To derive the document score distribution in step 2  , we can view the indexing weights of term t in all documents in a library as a random variable X t . Making evaluations for personalized search is a challenge since relevance judgments can only be assessed by end-users 8. Each of these subsets is identified using a breadth first search technique. Thus  , specification-based and program-based test cases need not be rerun. Session: LBR Highlights March 5–8  , 2012  , Boston  , Massachusetts  , USA  Multiple autoencoders can be stacked so that the activations of hidden layer l are used as inputs to the autoencoder at layer l + 1. Fig 10 depictsthe experimental set up. In Section 3  , we describe the task modeling and proposed framework for conversation systems. Each term is mapped to a synset in WordNet and a breadth-first search along WordNet relations identifies related synsets. Because sorting is also a blocking operator as the hash operator  , there will be wait opportunities in the query plan which can be utilized by Request Window. But finding the document and extracting it remains at least as difficult as interpreting the document file's original bitstream. Pattern matching has been used in a number of applications . Unlike in 2011  , the run without stopwords cmuPrfPhrENo did slightly better on average than the equivalent run including stopwords cmuPrfPhrE in the 2012 query set. No data type exists to speak of  , with the exception of strings  , whitespace-free strings  , and enumerations of strings. One possible reason for this could be the fact that the parameter of DBSCAN is a global parameter and cannot be adjusted per-cluster. It sort of builds a binary tree  , where each link in the chain is extended with a 0 or 1 label association. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search  , and syntactic dependency matching . At present we thercforc USC a boltom-up evaluation strategy for recursive and mutually-rccursivc set-valued functions. SPL-programs for example are found in the libraries XSPL and SPL. Used features. The accuracy of the traffic light map is coupled to the accuracy of the position estimates of the mapping car. We submitted 10 runs to KBA CCR Track 2013  , including 2 query expansion runs  , 2 classification-based runs and 6 ranking-based runs. Daubechies' wavelet. For example  , if we expect a document containing the word north to have a higher-thanaverage probability of being relevant to a WHERE question  , we might augment the WHERE question with the word north. We apply random walks up to a restricted number of steps. Every inconsistently judged duplicate can be seen as a random element within the set of relevance judgments  , and will have the same value as random data when used in evaluation. For the first matching pattern  , the exception handler of that catch block is executed. We derive two basic quanti-ties  , namely LI Binary LIB and LI Frequency LIF  , which can be used separately or combined to represent documents. -constrain paths based on the presence or absence of certain nodes or edges. Among the perspective-taking tests are the Perspective-Taking Ability PTA Test  , a computer-based test developed from the work described in 10  , and the Purdue Spatial Visualizations test: Visualization of Views PSVV  , a paper-and pencil test found in 8. DeLa discovers repeated patterns of the HTML tags within a Web page and expresses these repeated patterns with regular expression. The best regular expression in the candidate set C is now the deterministic one that minimizes both model and data encoding cost. One of the contributions of this paper is to provide a public dataset in order to better move the field forward. Since distinguished variables are assumed to appear exactly once in the consequents of rules with the potential of repeated variables being real&d by equalities in the antecedent  , h is a function. Observe that new required order properties are generated by:  NOP if its child is a Sort operator i.e. com/p/plume-lib/  , downloaded on Feb. 3  , 2010. Code is available at https://github.com/li-xirong/hierse Thus  , the topics of recent references are likely to be better indicators than the topics of references that were published farther in the past. We segmented each page into individual words by embedding the Bing HTML parser into DryadLINQ and performing the parsing and word-breaking on our compute cluster. In the experiments  , to select useful expansion terms  , we use two heterogeneous resources. Upper Bound " refers to the situation when the best sub-query and best expansion set was used for query reduction and expansion respectively. require both input streams to be co-located at the same site  , and the sort-merge flavor of JOIN requires both streams to be sorted on their respective join columns. Mobile manipulators may have difficulties for the stability in climbing up a hill  , maneuvering on unstructured terrain  , and fast manipulation. In this paper  , we study the general missing situation of effort data and consider that the incompletion of effort data comprises drive factors missing and effort labels missing. However  , the improvements of IMRank seems more visible under the TIC model. Query expansion runs  , as our baselines  , outperform the median and mean of all 140 submissions. Their method  , called Horizontal Decomposition HD  , decomposes programs hierarchically a la Dijkstra 11 using levels of abstraction and step-wise refinement. Hashtag query expansion with association measure HFB2a. We propose the following two definitions to measure the quality of density in DBSCAN. Figure 1ashows an example of a tree which represents the expression X + Y*Z. For example  , the Internet Archive crawler described in 3  does not perform a breadthfirst search of the entire web; instead  , it picks 64 hosts at a time and crawls these hosts in parallel. The remaining expansions are combined into a new disjunctive query element that is added to the original query. This step is combined with the computation of cuboids that are descendants of that cuboid. The relation between deep learning and emotion is given in Sect. We then train a two-class support vector machine with the labelled feature vectors. The difference of CMAR from other associative classification methods is that for every pattern  , CMAR maintains the distribution of various class labels among data objects matching the pattern. While most of the folding simulations to date have been relatively small  , focusing on runs of short  , engineered proteins  , large-scale simulations such as Folding@Home 13 have come online and are expected to generate a tremendous amount of data.  The knowledge base is enriched by learning from user behaviors  , such that the retrieval performance can be enhanced in a hill-climbing manner. the reduction in the number of cache misses is much larger because of the partitioning and the relative overhead of making the partition is correspondingly much smaller. , on average 9.9 cm/sec and 13.3 cm/sec respectively for the millipede-3 robot. In order to extract the motions required for performing dynamic folding of the cloth  , we first analyze the dynamic folding performed by a human subject. The thesaurus-based query expansion applies a thesaurus to map controlled vocabularies to user query terms. As already mentioned  , a VAD system tries to determine when a verbalization starts and when it ends. Using it for pattern matching promises much higher efficiency than using the original record. Maximizing the margin enhances the generalization capability of a support vector machine 16. Building on the suffix array   , it also incorporates ideas embedded in the Burrows-Wheeler transform. Then  , we navigate in a breadth-first search manner through this classification. We report results as averages across all EC classes in We performed " one-class vs. rest " Support Vector Machine classification and repeated this for all six EC top level classes. Our approach enables users to use whatever tools they are comfortable using. The element content is constrained by a content expression   , that is  , a regular expression over element definitions. Query Expansion: The microblog track organizers provided participants with the terms statistics for Tweets13 collection. For example  , the join can be implemented as an index nested-loop join  , a sort-merge join  , a hash join  , etc. Therefore   , in this exploratory study we compare two search interfaces; one where the facets panel is always visible and one where the facets panel is collapsible and thus hidden by default. While this method works for relatively low degree-of-freedom manipulators  , there is a 'cross over' point beyond which the problem becomes overdetermined   , and an exact solution cannot be guaranteed. contiguous and non-contiguous combinations of words are generated and ranked in the descending order of their length. They were also given instructions on completing the dual task. While performing the decorrelation of NOT IN queries we assumed the availability of sort-merge anti-join. They found one of the query expansion failure reasons is the lack of relevant documents in the local collection. We also allow for approximate answers to queries using approximate regular expression matching. Finally  , the time complexity of IMRank is OnT dmax log dmax  , where T is the number of iterations IMRank takes before convergence. While the problemtailored heuristics and the search-oriented heuristics require deep knowledge on the problem characteristics to design problem-solving procedures or to specify the search space  , the learning-based heuristics try t o automatically capture the search control knowledge or the common features of good solutions t o solve the given problem. Some question type has up to 500 patterns. In this section  , we conduct experiments on MNIST dataset to investigate the discipline of the optimal number K opt of selected features in the sub-region  , which is the key factor in the proposed local R 2 FP. Therefore  , a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search is used to optimize mean average precision by starting at the full independence parameter setting λT = 1  , λO = λU = 0. A screenshot of the experiment application is shown in Figure 2: the title bar displays a single search query  , selected randomly from the collection. By these  , and a bag of other tricks  , we managed to keep the overhead for maintaining the state-information a small fraction of the essential operations of reading and merging blocks of pairs of document ids and score  , sorted by document id. To represent a specific node in S  , previous work tries to find matches in the skipgram model for every phrase  , and average the corresponding vectors 9. 8shows a graph of an implemented actuator design function. This is illustrated by modeling within the same framework different enumerative  , randomized and genetic search strategies  , Furthermore  , we show how the search strategies thus produced can be controlled in the sense that successful termination can be enforced by assertions. CPU cost is an important factor in spatial-joins 5. To model the navigation behavior of programmers  , we adopt the model of the random surfer that is used in popular search engines such as Google. KOG also maps attributes between related classes  , allowing property inheritance. In addition  , we expect random access latencies to improve over time as developers continue to improve HDFS. In contrast to the Global method  , our first expansion strategy performs server-specific query expansion. a =in order Eps' . We assume that a breadth-first search is performed over these top ranked invocations. we consider all possible combinations of resolutions for these toponyms  , this results in about 3·10 17 possibilities  , an astonishingly large number for this relatively small portion of text  , which is far too many to check in a reasonable time. In this work we try to overcome these problems by applying automatically discovered techniques for fusion of the available evidence. In 14  , the authors present the X-Scan operator for evaluating regular path expression queries over streaming XML data. Instead  , we construct a " surrogate " plaintext collection by merging full text content with all the anchor information for a page. Match chooses a set of paths from the semistructure that match a user-given path regular expression . These questions can be answered by writing a schema that uses information found within the CIA World Factbook. In STFT  , we consider frequency distribution over a short period of time. One was to request random pages from the search engine  , and to keep looking at random pages until one struck their fancy. The research goal of the project is to test the hypothesis that this deep customization can lead to dramatic improvements in teaching and learning. Yokoi et al. We assume that the 106 found social robots represent a random sample of social robots. Word embedding techniques seek to embed representations of words. Some sentiment patterns define the target and its sentiment explicitly. The simplex attempts to walk downhill by replacing the 3741 vertex associated with the highest error by a better point. The rule based systems use manually built rules which are usually encoded in terms of regular expression grammars supplemented with lists of abbreviations  , common words  , proper names  , etc. For a terabyte of data  , 400 such sort-steps would be required  , for a sort-tune of approximately 90 ,ooO seconds about a day. We can use R. F. to denote the baseline  , which adjust the parameter of a BF by optimizing false positive and search query terms in a random order. OVERLAP does the allocation using a heuristic of traversing the search tree in a breadth-first order  , giving priority to cuboids with smaller partition sizes  , and cuboids with longer attribute lists. Run dijkstra search from the final node as shown in Fig.6. Expressions can be utilized to find literal values or potential new instances from the document. Let a and e be an acronym and a query  , respectively. The weather parameters are fed to the stacked autoencoder and the reduced feature space is obtained for further classification into extreme and non-extreme events. Metalinks represent relationships among topics not sources; i.e. We are planning to study a game-like interface for structurization. This led us to develop a dynamic substitution system  , whereby a generic regular expression was populated at runtime using the tagged contents of the sentence it was being applied to. This could possibly involve using another layer of patterned SU-8 for the glue to eliminate the application by hand which risks glue in the flexure joints. where η is the probability weight that a word wi in C t is generated from the general background model. Figure 1a illustrates query translation without expansion. SV M struct is one of the support vector machine implementations for sequence labeling 16.  query broadening: are measures of a term's discriminative power of use when broadening the search query ? states from which no final states can be reached. At least as serious  , the single existing set of relevance judgements we know of is extremely limited; this means that evaluating music- IR systems according to the Cranfield model that is standard in the text-IR world…is impossible  , and no one has even proposed a realistic alternative to the Cranfield approach for music. -PAR 1 is set to maxobj = 100. We propose a new query expansion mechanism  , which appropriately uses the various document fields available. Most of teams in last year took the step of query expansion in their system. A self-organizing feature map consists of a two-dimensional array of units; each unit is connected to n input nodes  , and contains a ndimensional vector Wii wherein i ,j identifies the unit at location Ci ,jJ of the array. Therefore  , capturing and integrating as much information as possible in a proper way is important for conversation systems. Topic 100 Points for Systems with Query Expansion. Figure 7shows clearly that CyCLaDEs is able to build two clusters for both values of profile size. Note how intricately and compactly the SSEs are interwoven. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 8. In general  , l in Definition 3.1 could be a component of a generalized path expression  , but we have simplified the definition for presentation purposes in this paper. Not surprisingly  , there was very little consistency among data providers on the syntax of role pseudo-qualifiers. Second  , the query expansion for tie-breaking is worse than other method probably caused by the limitation of tie-breaking method  , which assumes that every query term is important and may not perform well for long queries. An age-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for the identification of de-identified age groups mentioned in visits. It was able to orient our test images with modest accuracy  , but its performance was insufficient to break the captcha. We will briefly examine why these ideas are misguided based as they are on intuition about the nature of testing and how they may be reformulated to take account of scientific principles. The pattern symbols are: By quantifying the amount of information required to explain probability distribution changes  , the proposed least information theory LIT establishes a new basic information quantity and provides insight into how terms can be weighted based on their probability distributions in documents vs. in the collection. Effective query expansion might depend on the topics of the queries as observed in Table 4. An important difference  , however  , is that the merge phase of Diag-Join does not assume that the tuples of either relation are sorted on the join attributes. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. For example  , with reference to Figure 2: if the cursor lies within the framed region  , then an R command will replace Figure 2with Figure 1; if the cursor is outside the framed region  , then an R command with replace Figure 2with "queen problem" The D command allows the cursor to go beyond the boundary of the current abstraction  , a sort of return command for an abstraction. Moreover  , the fiction loss is very small due to the direct wire insertion from each unit to the ann  , which requires no wire folding  , and also the number of degrees of freedom can be easily increased thanks to the unit-type structure. The first step for the developer is to identify a few elements that could be related to the implementation of the folding feature. Sensorless plans  , which must bring all possible initial orientations to the same goal orientation  , are generated using breadth-first search in the space of representative actions. However  , the XQuery core cannot properly type recursive XML queries 2  , 10  , 11. Random wa l k i s a n a p p r o ximation technique of searching only a portion of the reachable nodes on the execution tree. This suggests an opportunity to explore alternative methods of imputation to achieve different feature weightings and reduce learning bias within a stacked framework. These observations are inline with our intuition and due to space constraints we do not include the results here. , 17 detect matching properties while learning link specifications  , which currently implements several time-efficient approaches for link discovery. , parsing  , proposition recognition  , pattern matching and relation extraction for analyzing text. People have proposed many ways to formulate the query expansion problem. Query expansion occasionally hurts a query by adding bad terms. The method detects these cases by exploiting a combination of automatically generated similarity functions. The same techniques can be applied to other memory intensive operations  , join being the obvious candidate. This search necessity is a result of the attribute randomization phase encoding  where mapping of original attributes is many to one. In conclusion  , the TBD problem for the satellite docking operation is characterized by: a very large search space a high computation cost for evaluating the fitness of a a very small fraction of feasible designs a small probability of reaching these feasible designs through statistical hill-climbing. LSA Landauer and Dumais  , 1997  , Hyper Analog to Language Lund and Burgess  , 1996 and Random Indexing Kanerva et al. Typical executions in a star schema might involve bitmap accesses  , bitmap merges  , bitmap joins and conventional index driven join operations. We also use the following recursive function to construct the unit type for a variable x based on its C type τ when no appropriate annotations for x are provided: Our second submission only uses Wikipedia for query expansion . Since our parameter space is small  , we make use of a simple hill climbing strategy  , although other more sophisticated approaches are possible 10. For the same workflow size  , GA* 100  , NetGA 100 and NetGA 50 maintain runtime ratios of about 4:2:1 regardless of the number of services per task. Implementability and operation decomposition are expressed similarly: pattern matching is used to extract the necessary in- formation. These services include structured sequential files  , B' tree indices  , byte stream files as in UNIX  , long data items  , a sort utility  , a scan mechanism  , and concurrency control based on file and page lock- ing. instead of first sorting all and then merging all the partitions  , we sort and immediately merge the partitions. The las~ two letters indicate either sort-merge  " SM "  or nested loops  " NL "  join. the usual queries that a developer would enter in a search engine. ADT a is an automatic aggregation of the list of ADTs b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a commuted regular expression of the regular expression formed by concatenating the elements in the list of ADTs b. b: Here b is an ordered list of two or more ADTs. We selected two corpora to work from. In this section we present our distributional approach in detail. a All strings occurring in root occur in node In this example  , the rule template gc-template we exhibit shall be a function from deltas t.o deltas  , such t ,hat if A is an arbitrary set of insertions and deletions on a database instance LIB  , then applygc ,templateA ,DB will be the result of garbage collection on applyA  , DB. Image search engines are not very precise   , and even images that are of the queried name and thus considered as good results for human consumption  , might be ill-suited for face recognition tasks. However   , before drawing inferences from the resulting clusters it is essential to validate the results to reduce the possibility that the clusters were identified by chance and do not actually reflect differences in the underlying data. The importance of exploiting available orderings has been recognized in the seminal work of Selinger et al 4. Recently  , RNN approaches to word embedding for sentence modeling 5  , sequential click prediction 10 ket recommendation. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : The basic problem is then to limit combinatorial explosion while deducinc knowledge. For each run of DBSCAN on the biological data sets  , we chose the parameters according to 5 using a k-nn-distance graph. For example  , a sentence Q = w1  , w2  , w3  , ..  , wn will be transformed into a sentence matrix M ∈ R n×m where n is the length of sentence and m is the dimensionality of vector representation. Changing to the push model would likely require modifications to the notification mechanism.  Automatic building of terminological hierarchies. In many cases  , simple crawlers follow a breadth-first search strategy  , starting from the root of a website homepage and traversing all URLs in the order in which they were found. For all other uses  , contact the owner/authors. Given a human-issued message as the query  , our proposed system will return the corresponding responses based on a deep learning-to-respond schema.  The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. We restrict our evaluation to top 10 documents in this paper. This result is in agreement with 27 albeit we perform this comparison on a much higher number of datasets. Moves consist of matching case  , matching whole word  , Boolean operator  , wild card  , and regular expression. In DBSCAN  , the concepts of core objects and reachability are defined. In the first step  , they utilized the 'target entity to retrieve web documents  , and then by using regular expression they retrieved the candidates from the text of the web documents. This research has shown that thesaurus-based query expansion often induces an increase in recall  , usually accompanied by a significant loss in precision. We selected Prevayler because it was used as a case study for an aspect-oriented refactoring method by Godil  , Zhang  , and Jacobsen 1428. Table I also presents some key configurations of the autoencoder . " However  , they do not maintain the hierarchical structure of a single stack since Lemma 1 does not hold for graph data. In the two short query results  , nttd8me is query expanded and nttd8m has no query expansion. The gcncral trend is that the pipelincd join methods - PJSM  , PSSM  , PJNL  , and PSNL -executed the join more quickly than the sequential methods did. We used external medical literature corpus MEDLINE®  as a tagged knowledge source to acquire useful query expansion terms. If it fails to answer the query it returns the first result returned by Google for that query. As shown in Figure 4  , each type of feature is represented by an interface that extends the IFeature interface. 5A distributed selective search performs better with content basis category partitioning of the collection than near random partitioning. The runtime of Dijkstra significantly increases  , as the number of services per task increases. That also explains why many twig pattern matching techniques  , e.g. The framework can integrate other information such as reviewer's information  , product information  , etc. In the pattern matching step  , we will compare performance of the several kernel functions e.g. This also shows that personalized re-ranking of results and query expansion with concept lens label work well. Figure 1illustrates the perplexity of language models from different sources tested on a random sample of 733 ,147 queries from the search engine's May 2009 query log. in an Internet search engine  , we will see that there is a wide variety of pages that will provide advice vendors of cleaning products  , helpful hints specialists  , random chroniclers who have experienced the situation before  , etc. We thus regard the distance of an expansion term to the query term as a measure of relatedness. We introduce the recent work on applications of deep learning to IR tasks. In this strategy  , if the relation is not already loaded  , it is initially loaded in a round robin fashion. For query expansion  , we add a narritive term list to query term list and use the average weight of query terms as a threshold. The control problem can be problem of getting stuck in a local optimum which other Proceedings of the 17th International Conference on Very Large Data Bases hill climbing problems are faced with. Configuration of the system can be achieved by users without deep robotics knowledge  , using kinesthetic teaching to gather training data intrinsically containing constraints given by the environment or required by the intended task. As expected  , the Support Vector Machine was the most robust method  , also with respect to outliers  , i.e. This reduces disk seek costs  , as opposed to fetching the buffers on demand. It should be noted that the +10% improvement arising from use of the TR derived expansion terms is in addition to the +30% relative to the baseline when using the SDR derived expansion terms. Table 2shows the effect of β-value on the performance of query expansion. We assume the reader is familiar with the basic notions pertaining to datalog programs 4  , 14. In a related work 3  , a deep learning based semantic embedding method is proposed. The fully connected hidden layer is and a softmax add about 40k parameters. C3 We construct a novel unified framework for ad-hoc monolingual MoIR and cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR which relies on the induced word embeddings and constructed query and document embeddings. Synonym expansion combines existing information in the query and several external databases to derive lists of words which are similar to the query term. Term expansion does considerably reduce the space required for an n-gram database used for query evaluation. Index structures in this context hardly use a full literal as key elements for indexing  , but rather apply term based relevance scores and retrieval methods. Searching can be as simple as token matching Math- World or pattern matching 15. For a detailed presentation of DBSCAN see We omit the term " wrt. Some of them are deep cost of learning and large size of action-state space. To ensure the FFT functioned appropriately  , the data was limited to a range which covered only an integer number of cycles. Genetic Programming searches for an " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. It checks the available memory before each merge step and adjusts the fan-in accordingly. Each operator takes a regular expression as an argument  , and the words generated by the expression serve as patterns that direct how lists should be shuffled together or picked apart. The RPS view size and CON view size are fixed to 4 ,9 for 10 clients  , 6 ,15 for 50 clients  , and 7 ,20 for 100 clients. HI can achieve good imputation results when the missing ratio is low. Figure 5 shows the choices of sort-merge versus partitioning   , the possible sorting/partitioning attributes  , and the possible buffer allocation strategies. The other sets of experiments are designed similar to the first set. , for rare terms  , the amount of least information is bounded by the number of inferences. To establish an upper bound on our experimental results  , local search on full document text 2 was also conducted. , a class  , a variable  , an if-statement to describe patterns  , and prefer to use fragments of source code to describe actions. The search was repeated for 50 trials using a different subsequence as query. This result indicates that the level of improvement in SDR due to query expansion can be significant  , but is heavily dependent on the selected expansion terms. Another limitation is that spec methods cannot be recursive. A fourth layer is used to locally activate the contractile component  , enabling sequential and simultaneous folding. Note that  , some references may have been cited more than once in the citing papers. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l The mechanisms communicate with each other by a simple structure  , the file system. Figures 6 and 7 show that with 10 MIPS CPU  , these queries using the sort-merge join method are I/O bound. For OP- TICS  , M inP ts is set to a fixed value so that density-based clusters of different densities are characterized by different values for . However  , s contains concrete memory addresses in order to identify events accessing shared memory locations. So  , when tackling the phrase-level sentiment classification  , we form a sentence matrix S as follows: for each token in a tweet  , we have to look up its corresponding word embedding in the word matrix W  , and the embedding for one of the two word types. As an illustration of the power of these ideas  , as applied to Software Engineering  , we can look at specification based testing and quickly see how this framework illuminates our discussions of testing. There were a total of 106 bilingual aspects from 36 topics that met this requirement excluding the All Others categories. After the completion of breadth first search  , there are no unknown nodes and each node has a location area. The different kinds of expansion terms would be effective according to the query types such as diagnosis  , treatment  , and test. Typically  , a Web browser interprets an HTML file just once  , in sequential order  , and so the semantics of character data do not need to be spot-checked by 'random access'. The idea behind this rule is as follows: We construct an algebraic expression el representing {To foZ ,/ ?r Pleft_seq|SP L  and Pright_seq|SP R  give the probabilistic pattern matching scores of the left and right sequences of the instance  , given the corresponding soft pattern SP matching models. They address the issue of equivalence decidability of regular path queries under such constraints. Navigation of XML values in Xtatic is accomplished by pattern matching  , which has different characteristics than those of XPath expressions. Simply by assigning a priority to each alternative   , the DBC can determine the order of evaluation of invocations  , achieving flexible evaluation order  , one of our major objectives. To effect the pattern matching it.self  , finite automata techniques l such as the UNIX regec package can be used. This energy could be employed for hill climbing or long jumping  , or converted to vertical motion in a " pole vaulting " mode. In addition to this ultra heterogeneous data  , we created a very large database of Random Walk data RW II  , since this is the most studied dataset for indexing comparisons 5  , 6  , 17  , 24  , 25  , 34 and is  , by contrast with the above  , a very homogeneous dataset. Research interests in this problem have been further fueled by the insight that the robot motion planning problem shares much similarity with and can serve as a model of diverse physical geometry problems such as mechanical system disassembly  , computer animation  , protein folding  , ligand docking and surgery planning. , escalation or non-escalation  , and the time taken to perform the transition . One popular approach to improving accuracy by exploiting large datasets is to use unsupervised methods to create word features  , or to download word features that have already been produced Turian et al. Here are some examples from our knowledge base: These patterns are expressed in regular expression. There are two major challenges that prevent these dynamic analyses from being used. Since templates serve different needs  , we extract those with a high probability of containing structured information on the basis of the following heuristic: templates with just one or two template attributes are ignored since these are templates likely to function as shortcuts for predefined boilerplates  , as well as templates whose usage count is below a certain threshold which are likely to be erroneous. Such highly nonuniform distributions of data points will significantly affect search performance. Thus  , we use an optimization method based on the downhill simplex method 9  , which is a kind of direct search method. We also applied and evaluated advanced search options. This query can then be relaxed by breaking it down into tokens. Starting with a random population and after all generations have been breed  , the population fitness best and mean have been improved for the TGA figure 7 left. For example  , what is new topic-related information for one individual may not be new information for another. Plural and singulars were added using lexical-based heuristics to determine the plural form of a singular term and viceversa . The life-cycle model uses a regular expression whose alphabet reprc· sents a set of events. while the one based on the second strategy is  The first function counts  , for all entries considered as possible duplicates  , the ones that are indeed duplicates. However  , we propose a learning method to maximize Click-through-Rate CTR for impressions. Usually  , there are other desirable properties for a path in addition to the basic requirement that it be collision-free. P and PM behave similarly the lines are parallel  , such that partition/merge retains its advantage . One binary support vector machine is trained for each unordered pair of classes on the training document set resulting in m*m-1/2 support vector machines. In the latter case  , a classifier is first trained on the initial editorial set. We thus aim to apply an automatic feature engineering approach from deep learning in future works to automatically generate the correct ranking function. A SAE model is a series of autoencoder. The feature will be put into the support vector machine and the associated da.% will be reported. Several new operations are needed to manipulate labels with properties. These will be the candidate plans with early group-by. It seems that current document expansion approach is still far from a perfect solution to tweet document modeling. Query expansion had an additional  , positive  , impact. In particular  , we index all the shortest paths starting from a source and ending with a sink. Tables 1 2 and 3 report the expansion retrieval performance of predicted-Pt | R based and idf based diagnostic expansion  , following the evaluation procedure detailed in Section 4.1. In this work  , we make use of both embedding types in form of entity embeddings Word2Vec and entity-context embeddings Doc2Vec to improve entity disambiguation . See Figure 11for an example plan. A pattern matching technique was used  , in which several pieces of information from one or more cases are related to a theoretical proposition. The whole transition matrix is then written as follows: Thus the robots would need to explicitly coordinate which policies they &e to evaluate  , and find a way to re-do evaluations that are interrupted by battery changes. Two traditional join methods were used for the comparisons: nested-loop join using an index on the inner relation NL-INDEX and a variant of sort-merge join where the outer relation must be sorted but the inner relation can be accessed in sorted order using a clustered index NL- SORT. Which ontological relationships are suitable for automatic query expansion; which for interactive query expansion ? Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. Higher bounds 14GB and four hours were used for BoundedBuffer in order to evaluate the PRSS technique on a program with a larger state-space. The Servo thread is an interrupt service routine ISR which The windows are grouped in two sections: operator windows green softkeys and expert windows blue softkeys. WaveCluster  , after much tweaking of its settings   , came close to finding the visually obvious clusters. Previously examined by Cui et al. If the value library  , owners Lib  , Own appears  , the fee should be paid to both library and owners. The procedure of creating start-point list is illustrated in Fig. The multimedia collection consists of e-books  , pictures  , videos and animations. The fact that it has been successfully applied to similar problems  , has motivated us to use it as a basis for discovering good similarity functions for record replica identification. By using joints which can only fold in one direction  , theoretically  , feet would slap and stroke in a flat formation  , fold during retraction  , and avoid accidentally collapsing the cavity. This indicates that the chosen features were able to accurately predict the AP for the expanded and unexpanded lists of each query. , 2010. To come to our classification schemes  , we sampled random queries from our log data. Concretely   , bitonic sort involves lg m phases  , where each phase consists of a series of bitonic merge procedures. Query expansion dramatically improves the performance of this query by 124X  , due to the expansion words " pension "   , " retiree "   , " budget "   , " tax "   , etc. V. CONCLUSIONS A method that obtains practically the global optimal motion for a manipulator  , considering its dynamics  , actuator constraints  , joint limits  , and obstacles  , has been presented in this paper. We perform this ordering-space-search for 100 random trials. In the case when only one token is allowed in a place as assumed here we substitute the place and its incident edges by one edge with a variable direction  , including no-direction. The BWESG-based representation of word w  , regardless of its actual language  , is then a dim-dimensional vector: The model learns word embeddings for source and target language words which are aligned over the dim embedding dimensions and may be represented in the same shared inter-lingual embedding space. Wikipedia. Note that this approach enables to consider ontologies more expressive than RDFS  , e.g. Some of them suppose a particular geometry planar or with three intersecting axes  , others a fixed kinematic joint type or general mobilities  or even no constraints in the optimization no obstacle avoidance for instance. That is  , RSRepair immediately discards one candidate patch once the patched program fails to pass some test case. Note  , that this phrase also includes function words  , etc. In this strategy  , the expansion terms are not limited to the set of explicit expansion concepts XE which were defined previously. Finally  , K query partitions are created by assigning the queries in the i th bucket of any pattern to query partition i. For topic 59  , query expansion does not recognize one equivalence in the query statements  , the equivalence between " storm-related " and " weather-related. " For hybrid relational-XML DBMS  , a straight-forward implementation of the ISSUBSUMED boolean operator is to use the SQL/XML function XMLExists 7  , 14 . As the GRASSHOPPER did  , we divide BCDRW into three steps and introduce the detail as follows: Moreover  , the " storm-related " - " weather-related " dichotomy also exists for these systems. The authors propose two powerful operators  , called I&-operations  , which are based on regular languages and which define a family of list merging and extracting operations. The open question to date is if there even exists a way to publish search logs in a perturbed fashion in a manner that is simultaneously useful and private. The potential effectiveness  , compared with automatic query expansion  , is measured using a method similar to Harman's but with an improved simulation of good term selections. For example  , one can join two 450 megabyte objects by reading both into main memory and then performing a main-memory sort-merge. The successive samples evolve from a large population with many redundant data points to a small population with few redundant data points. At the minimum  , we hope that the OAI will create a framework for serious investigation of these issues and lay the 13 http://cinzica.iei.pi.cnr.it/cyclades/  , 14 http://www.clir.org/diglib/architectures/testbed.htm. When the user releases the mouse from their dragging operation   , the selected action Firstname folding in this case is applied  , and any items that are now identical in name are moved next to one another. The SOM is designed to create a two-dimensional representation of cells topologically arranged according to the inherent metric ordering relations between the samples in the feature space. However the substantial time required and perhaps the complexity of implementing such methods has led to the widespread use of simpler heuristics  , such as hill-climbing 8 and greedy methods. The actual splitting of the original target page is performed by creating the new right sibling as an exact copy of the page and then removing the unnecessary entries from both pages with the remove interface function. One element name is designated as the start symbol. We rst describe  , in the next section  , how collection indexing was performed. Terms from the top ten documents were ranked using the same expansion score used in the post-hoc English expansion. We will provide some comparisons of them in image annotation problem in Section 4.2. To compute the similarity score we use an approach used in the deep learning model of 38  , which recently established new state-of-the-art results on answer sentence selection task. Thus  , if search engines can identify high quality pages early on and promote them for a relatively short period  , the pages can achieve its eventual popularity significantly earlier than under the random-surfer model. For example  , 16 relies on the hospital-residents problem to detect property matches. A variety of transformations may be employed  , including function folding and unfolding  , data type refinement  , and optimizing transformations. lib " represents the library from which the manuscript contained in the image originates and can be one of eight labels: i AC -The Allan and Maria Myers Academic Centre  , University of Melbourne  , Australia. The Collection Service described here has been experimented so far in two DL systems funded by the V Framework Programme  , CYCLADES IST-2000-25456 and SCHOLNET IST-1999-20664  , but it is quite general and can be applied to many other component-based DL architectural frameworks. But most of those ranking functions are manually designed by experts based on heuristics  , experience  , observations  , and statistical theories. These keyword-list RegExps are compiled manually from various sources. Well known works by Dijkstra DIJK72  , Wirth WIRT 71  , Gries GRIE 73 and others have assessed the usefulness of deriving a program in a hierarchical way. where random is a randomly generated number between 0 and 3. In this paper  , we assumed that the parameter values Eps and MinPts of DBSCAN do not change significantly when inserting and deleting objects. Since the type is recursive   , Build Surrogate Fn is invoked instead of Horizontal Optimization lines 23-26. Like the hill climbing method  , we stop adjusting the weights when the increase between the current AUC and the previous AUC is less than a very small value ¯. In addition to finding packets which identify a particular connection as belonging to a particular P2P application the classifier also maintains an accounting state about each TCP connection. Locating a piece of music on the map then leaves you with similar music next to it  , allowing intuitive exploration of a music archive. Query expansion methods augment the query with terms that are extracted from interests/context of the user so that more personally relevant results can be retrieved. In other words  , despite the fact that clicked and viewed pages in the downloaded page set constitute a small fraction of this set  , these pages are promising sources for discovering new pages frontier with high search impact. This effectively rules out all choice interactions in this phase. The resulting top concepts were converted to terms as in query expansion with UMLS Metathesaurus. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. If the similarity-degree of a title and/or subtitles is higher than the threshold ­  , the title and/or subtitles are regarded a similar title and/or similar subtitles  , and the contents of the title and subtitles are considered similar contents. The topic expansion interaction proceeds as follows: 1. The LFA strategy is a special case of the generalized LFA strategy with l = 1. Further  , we will replace the exponential moving average with an more efficient stochastic gradient hill climbing strategy. State-of-theart QA systems adopt query expansion QE to alleviate such problems 5  , 10  , 8. By contrast  , the CMP-FL approach is bounded by the input of the user and only explores solutions within the product provided as input; thus  , some areas of the search space cannot be reached. After experimenting with several structural pattern languages based on text  , we discovered that any moderately sophisticated tern quickly becomes difficult to understand. A gateway is a boundary between qualitatively different regions of the environment: in the basic SSH  , the boundary between trajectory-following and hill-climbing applicability. One motivation for modeling time-varying links is the identification of influential relationships in the data. Another possibly less efficient implementation is to use a recursive SQL statement as alluded to in Das et al 4. We implement rating imputation testing by taking held out observations from the MovieLens data and predicting ratings on this set. The outcome is that entities which share the same normal form characterized by a sequence of token level regular expressions may all be grouped together. This confirms that if the repair expression does not exist in other places of the program  , genetic programming based approaches have rather low chance of synthesizing the repair. All the triplets are generated by performing a single pass over the output sorted file. Since the repair functions are probabilistic  , we calculated average results over five repeated trials for each experiment. We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. Users can either write their own SQL queries or choose cross-matching queries from a predefined set. The items are then extracted in a table format by parsing the Web page to the discovered regular patterns. Pattern Matching In our case  , a highly optimized routine of the MATROX library 19  was employed using hierarchical search. In comparison to Balmin  , Hristidis  , and Papakonstantinou  , 2004 where random walks are used on a document semantic similarity graph  , our work uses the authorship information to enhance keyword search. Query dependent expansion. It then waits for all data sites to send their distribution tables. Mapping. The first phase merges each even-indexed item index starts from 0 with the item immediately following it  , in alternating directions . We tag entities using a regular expression tagger  , a trie-based tagger and a scalable n-gram tagger 14. 2 Hierarchical tree structure in an overall graph structure: ideal for representing content models. For each picture in our ground truth  , we query the MIT popularity API 8   , a recently proposed framework that automatically predicts image popularity scores in terms of normalized view count score given visual cues  , such as colors and deep learning features Khosla  , Das Sarma  , and Hamid 2014. Meng et al. Besides  , the idea of deep learning has motivated researchers to use powerful generative models with deep architectures to learn better discriminative models 21. This allows the user to fluidly read and annotate documents without having to manage annotated files or explicitly save changes. The documents retrieved by the web browsers of focused crawlers are validated before they are stored in a repository or database. By embedding background knowledge constructed from Wikipedia  , we generate an enriched representation of documents  , which is capable of keeping multi-word concepts unbroken  , capturing the semantic closeness of synonyms  , and performing word sense disambiguation for polysemous terms. Table 4 shows that even by just using the user preferences among categories together with crowd-derived category information   , we can obtain an accuracy of 0.85 compared with 0.77 for Image+User features  , suggesting that crowdsourced image categorisation is more powerful than current image recognition and classification technology. In 45   , several approaches to generate probabilistic string automata representing regular expressions are proposed. Specifically for automated repair   , for random search one candidate patch can be discarded immediately once the patch is regarded as invalid. The generation of potential candidates i s performed by Prolog's pattern matching. For the non-number entities  , a regular expression is used for each class to search the text for entities. We emphasize that nothing is encoded about how t o construct a successor node from a given node. With this model  , we can reduce the effects of background words and learn a model which better captures words concentrating around users' collective interests. We attempt to extract author names both by means of matches of the generated EREG  , or extracting the text appearing in between two matches of a GREG. We hope query expansion will provide some so-called topic words for a query and also increase the mutual disambiguation of common query words. For the document expansion component  , we employ both LocCtxt document model and ExRes document model based on the observation that the two document models behave differently on different topic sets. In this case  , we assume that user's preferences are composed of two components: the long-term preference which reflects the fairly stable interests of the users based on their online activities; and the temporal interests which represents the users' current immanent need/interests. String and numeric literals  , Java names  , access modifier lists  , and other non-structured entities are represented using simple text-based pattern languages. We want to semantify text by assigning word sense IDs to the content words in the document. rmX.qeY10 ,80.run " denotes the retrieval result using retrieval method " rmX " and query expansion method " qeY " see Table 2  , " qe0 " denotes no expansion. In this case  , preliminary merge steps are required to reduce the number of runs before the final merge can be carried out. This is a problem when the new data have to be added quickly. Surprisingly  , this simple rule based heuristic performs better than a Support Vector Machine based approach. Readers who took part in early TRECs will recall discussions on the issue of selective versus massive" query expansion. The second example gathers and stores reference linking information for future use. TDCM 15 : This is a two-dimensional click model which emphasizes two kinds of user behaviors. 11   , who have described the development of the Electronic Manipulus Florum project 4   , a digitized collection of Latin quotations  , as well as the Janus search engine that finds overlap between user query text and the Florum quotations despite the existence of complex variants. The conditional equations use the binary function equala  , b which is a predefined expression of TPTP syntax and represents the equality relation. The query expansion mechanism refines the DFR term weighting models by a uniform combination of evidence from the three fields. Our thesaurus-based query expansion performed very well as compared to using LINC without query expansion  , with an improvement of 44.51% and 31.10% performance improvement over the average precision-at-k  , for date and relevance sorting  , respectively. The sort-and-merge includes sorting hash tables  , writing them to temporary run-files and merging the run-files into the final XML document. A derived relation may be virtual  , which corresponds to the traditional concept of a view  , or materialized  , meaning that the relation resulting from evaluating the expression over the current database instance is actually stored. In 3  random walks are described on click graphs  , containing information about clicked URLs but not about user sessions. jEdit's folding feature allows users to hide portions of text by collapsing them into single lines with a visual cue representing the fold and allowing users to expand it. Therefore we believe that the required amount of manual work for developers is rea- sonable. Web-queries and ad-creatives are both very short  , so we hypothesized that query-expansion would be useful. In all our experiments  , we fix σ 2 = 9; experiments with several other values in the range of 3 to 20 did not yield much difference. As in 7  , quarterly data were the most stable ones. In order to identify what function class we focus our consideration on  , we adopt the syntactic restrictions of the state-of-the-art work on structural recursion 3  , which define the common form of structurally recursive function. The initial natural language topic statement is submitted to a standard retrieval engine via a Query Expansion Tool QET interface. In the CLR  , the privilege-asserting API is Assert. A node in the tree contains the set of orientations consistent with the push-align operations along the path to the node. CYCLADES 3 is an OAI 6 service provider that implements an open collaborative virtual archive service environment supporting both single scholars as well as scholarly communities in carrying out their work. In all cities  , we observe the same two main results. Additionally  , our approach synthesizes grasps  , with no a priori constraints on initial grasps  , as opposed to lo  , in which grasp primitives are learned based on a given set of grasp primitives. , interactive mining  , but its efficiency for incremental mining where the database is changed frequently is unclear. In order to be less naive  , a few additional steps in the generation of the regular expression can be be taken. We now describe a technique that incorporates hill-climbing and is roughly We assume that which vertices are adjacent to each vertex is pre-computed and stored as a part of the polyhedron representation. Our experiments include both full join queries as well as queries with a selection followed by a join. These multiple translations usually are exchangeable. Overall  , hill-climbing helps us reducing overlapping facets without losing much coverage of target articles. exMin: minimum memory for an external merge. We now describe results on paper folding and protein fold­ ing problems obtained using our PRM-based approach. Access rights may be granted and revoked on views just as though they were ordinary tables. The recursive function definitions of universal and existential quantification are given in section 5. While our method of analyzing procedures has been motivated by the desire to Rave no restrictions on storage sharing and to proceed with minimal a-priori specifications about the program  , it allows us to model such language features as generic modes  , procedLre variables  , parameters of type procedure  , a simulated callby-name parameter mechanism and a user-accessible evaluating function. A hill-climbing gradient ascent technique described independently by Sanderson 9 and Jarvis 4 is to compute the criterion function  , move the lens  , recompute the Criterion function  , and look at the sign of the difference of the criterion. Focused crawlers are programs designed to selectively retrieve Web pages relevant to a specific domain for the use of domainspecific search engines and digital libraries. More specialized patterns have lower thresholds  , but are only induced if the induction of more general patterns fails. Each secondary structure is input to the FSM one character at a time until either the machine enters a final matching state or it is determined that the input sequence does not match the query sequence. , Given two topic names  , " query optimization " and " sort-merge join "   , the Prerequisite metalink instance " query optimization Pre sort-merge join  , with importance value 0.8 " states that " prerequisite to viewing  , learning  , etc. The end result will be the automated generation of the following descriptors for video: Speakers by folding in speaker recognition systems working from the audio to cluster speeches by the same person   , affording a natural and powerful way of smoothing the distributions. Character ngrams alone fare very well in these noisy data sets. We further propose two methods to combine the proposed topic models with the random walk framework for academic search. Our approach provides a novel point of view to Wikipedia quality classification. Library means that the library has created its own digitized or born-digital material. , the point-of-interest POI indicates the geo-location and activity category  , while the timestamp reveals the chronological order. This query can be expressed in XQuery 1.1 as follows: During systematic concurrency testing  , ρ is stored in a search stack S. We call s ∈ S an abstract state  , because unlike a concrete program state  , s does not store the actual valuation of all program variables. Limiting the queue size limits the worst case storage requirements and performance of the al- gorithm. The overflow is low and as a consequence of this  , exhaustive search is nearly as good as the exhaustive search of the sequential signatums. 2 summarizes related works. However  , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets and is different from the traditional method of using materialized views to answer queries. 26 combined query content information and click-through information and applied a density-based method to cluster queries. The library will contain several features to extend the Stack interface  , such as peek and search among others. Hence a post-sort becomes unavoidable. Join indexes can now be fully described. It represents a very real although often informal set of software repositories for formal "release" levels  , commonly employed by larger software organizations. They may constitute part of more complex execution plans Thev89The temporal complexity of a depth-first search is OmaxCardX ,CardA while that of a breadth-first search is OCardA Gibb85 . The main theme in our participation in this year's HARD track was experimentation with the effect of lexical cohesion on document retrieval. For instance  , many techniques model control flow and omit data  , thus folding together program states which differ only in variable values. Among the nested loops methods  , the sequential ones have higher disk costs than the pipelined methods due to the storage and retrieval of the received relation; this is especially true for the sequential join case SJNL  , which builds an index on the received relation at S ,. That is  , all statistics that one computes from the completed database should be as close as possible to those of the original data. A  , q as the retrieval status value of annotation A without taking any context into account calculated  , e.g. Taking a more detailed look at the effect of certain thesaurus relationships on the effectiveness of query expansion  , Greenberg determined that synonyms and narrower terms are well suited for automatic query expansion  , because they " increased relative recall with a decline in precision that was not statistically significant " 6 . For simplicity  , we assume terms occur independently and follow Poisson statistics. Therefore  , feature learning is an alternative way to learn discriminative features automatically from data. For topic 100  , query expansion reduces the variation due to restatement of the topic as one would hope. When examining words nearby query terms in the embedding space  , we found words to be related to the query term. In brief  , template is a generalized tree-based regular expression over structure of pages seen till now. ' This pattern is revealed tnost strongly by the mattix of retrieval weights  , which in all cases correctly relate documents to requests in agreement with our relevance assumptions. A perfect success rate of 100% was achieved on the 50 end-to-end trials of previously untested towels. A bad initial ranking prefers nodes with low influence. Each invocation produces an index into the list of zy pairs  , thereby defining a contour point. To conclude with the above example  , suppose that we want to obtain the objects and not only the Definition attribute e.g. But the problem of automatic regular expression grammar inference is known to be difficult and we generally cannot obtain a regular expression grammar using only positive samples 13  , like in our case. However  , if all violations go through a small set of nodes that are not encountered on the early selected paths or these nodes get stuck on the bottom of the worklist  , then it may be worse than breadth first search. The usual valid sequence would be captured by the regular expression deliver sell " destroy . Audio signals consists of a time-series of samples  , which we denote as st. For our folding problems  , however  , we arc interested not only in whether thew exists a path  , but we are also interested in the quality of th� path. Counting the number of IPs shared by any pair of sites requires one scan on the sorted data. We capture both the dynamic aspzcts of mdule graphs and the new requirements onmdule constructors in the following recursive definition of mdule graphs: DEFINITION 3.1: The set of nrdule graphs  , together with their sets of active modules  , is recursively defined as follws: However  , allowing edit operations such as insertions of symbols and inverted symbols indicated by using '−' as a superscript to the symbol and corresponding to matching an edge in the reverse direction  , each at an assumed cost of 1  , the regular expression airplane can be successively relaxed to the regular expression name − · airplane · name  , which captures as answers the city names of Temuco and Chillan. These patterns were automatically mined from web and organized by question type. l   , who used genetic programming to evolve control programs for modular robots consisting of sliding-style modules 2  , 81. al. The first three are generally applicable as they require little a priori knowledge of the problem. In the following we demonstrate how to handle an inductive proof in our system by proving a simple lemma end with On  , which expresses that at the end of the special intervals the heater is on. We make use of relations such as synonym  , hypernym  , hyponym  , holonym and meronym and restrict the search depth to a maximum of two relations. In a relational DBMS  , a view is defined as a " virtual table " derived by a specific query on one or more base tables . This ensures that there is no simple pattern  , such as the query always precisely matching the title of the page in question. Thus  , one of the extraction patterns would be a <TABLE> element that immediately follows a <DIV> with the text " Sample Round-trip fares between: " . In other words  , a précis pattern comprises a kind of a " plan " for collecting tuples matching the query and others related to them. The documents are scanned for the expansion terms or term sequences  , and the number of occurrences is counted for every expansion. If the modeled concept is a generic concept such as ComponentType in Fig. We assume that the answer patterns in our pattern matching approach express the desired semantic relationship between the question and the answer and thus a document that matches one of the patterns is likely to be supportive . For example  , the rewriting rule In some patterns  , the answer type is represented by one of the match constituents in the regular expression instead of one of the standard types  , e.g. In our case online position estimates of the mapping car can be refined by offline optimization methods Thrun and Montemerlo  , 2005 to yield position accuracy below 0.15 m  , or with a similar accuracy onboard the car by localizing with a map constructed from the offline optimization. In order to minimize experimenter bias during the selection of photos for the Search Task  , we had a computer randomly select the photos from each subject's collection. While function inlining has been used in the programming language community  , our function inlining differs significantly in that it inlines a structurally  recursive function with the guidance of type information. However  , they do not deal with the latter problem  , suggesting further investigation as future work. show that even a single user adopts different interaction modes that include goal oriented search  , general purpose browsing and random browsing 8. Pattern matching tools help the programmer with the task of chunking. This measure indicates how likely a method will reverse the order of a random pair of search results returned by the search engine. Note that 2.3 is a recursive call for a NE ?J ? These strategies typically optimize properties such as " deeper paths " in depth-first search  , " less-traveled paths " 35  , " number of new instructions covered " in breadth-first search  , or " paths specified by the programmer " 39. Besides the drawbacks of suspension and paging that we discussed in the introduction  , these hybrid approachcs would also prevent an external sort from taking advantage ol extra memory beyond the initially allocated amount Ihn may become available while the sort is in the merge phase. In this paper we will consider only B-tree indices. Finally  , a novel pattern matching module is proposed to detect intrusions based on both intra-pattern and inter-pattern anomalies. A rotation was assigned to each participant in a random order. Alternatively  , we can follow the hill climbing approach but it is computationally more expensive and requires more scans of the database 18. For instance  , for any candidate point  , if the global information can be guessed from the local information  , then global data about this point is less likely to be informative. It is interesting to note that only the regular expression for authors is not a CHARE. Extensions to regular expression search would also be of interest. Finally  , GGGP was applied to create reference models. A common example is when the search landscape of the addressed problem has trap-like regions 48. A goal is 1 a query  , an expression space  , or an expression class  , together with 2 a set of properties the optimized plan must return For example  , a goal may be the query 'join R.a=S.b R S' with the constraint 'sorted on S.b'  , which may be mapped to 'merge-join R.a=S.b sort/partition R.a R sort/partition S.b S'. For example  , Smeaton and Callan 29 describe the characteristics of personalization  , recommendation  , and social aspects in next generation digital libraries  , while 1  , 26 describe an implementation of personalized recommender services in the CYCLADES digital library environment. Genetic Programming has been widely used and approved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management. The first context instance in Figure 1has a matching relation with the first pattern in Figure 2. Additional documents are then retrieved by following the edges from the starting point in the order of a breadth first search. This behavior first searches a small area around the last known position of object by generating a random small motion in CS. More recently  , Wang and Wang 10  used deep leaning techniques which perform feature learning from audio signals and music recommendation in a unified framework. GAS differ from gradient search methods mainly in the manner in which variables axe changed. For most locations that correspond to instances of simple types  , the constraints associated with a location can be represented as a regular expression most facets in XML Schema can be represented in this manner. , regular expressions in the WHERE clause of the general FORSEQ expression. In this paper we can only show path snapshots; movies can be found at http://www .cs.tamu.edu/faculty/amato/dsmft. An anchor element points out the location in a node's content which is source or destination of a link. is one regular expression defined for the month symbol. Recently  , 28 use Wordnet for query expansion and report negative results. , d * = argmax d cos u b − ua + uc  , u d . , Acrobat Reader and Chapter . In a similar fashion  , it keeps track of the provenance of all entities being retrieved in the projections getEntity. However  , in some cases it is important to evaluate the energy required per ascending distance  , which we denote by cost of climbing COC  , such as when presented with different paths to the peak of a hill. Our experiments show that query expansion can hurt robustness seriously while it improves the average precision. Some What questions are classified by pattern matching and  , for the rest of questions  , the question focus is used to classify the questions. However   , as the number of robot DOFs increases  , the set of assembly configurations may become factorially large and the exhaustive search becomes undesirable. More importantly  , the improvement of our system more and more depends on the details  , such as word segmentation  , HTML deobfuscation  , MIME normalization  , character set folding  , etc. The resulting trees are stored in newSet. In our experiments the optimal number of user groups was found to be two  , which was later used when computing the predictions for the final test set. The coverage of a target regular expression r by a sample S is defined as the fraction of transitions in the corresponding Glushkov automaton for r that have at least one witness in S. Using this probability  , we can compute the expected number of days before an error occurs. File services in Gamma are based on the Wisconsin Storage System WiSS CHOUSS . While considering the join between R and S  , the choice between evaluating or not evaluating an early group-by will be considered and the cheapest plan will be retained for joining with T. Let us now consider the plans that are generated by the greedy conservative heuristic while considering the join between R and S with an early group-by. The following lemma shows two basic properties of the approximate automaton. Turbulence in the airflow produces a fluctuating chemical concentration at the robot. Next  , we replace the digits in the candidate with a special character and obtain a regular expression feature. The effectiveness of our query feature expansion is compared with state-of-the-art word-based retrieval and expansion models. To overcome the problem of data sparsity  , earlier systems rely on imputation to fill in missing ratings and to make the rating matrix dense 28. c RBBDF matrix Figure 1: An example of RBBDF structure sparsity  , frequent model retraining and system scalability. To overcome the problem of data sparsity  , earlier systems rely on imputation to fill in missing ratings and to make the rating matrix dense 28. To obtain these values  , we apply a procedure for identifying the threshold values that lead to the highest classification accuracy from a particular training set. In this paper we presented EAGLE  , an active learning approach for genetic programming that can learn highly accurate link specifications. Collaborative Tagging systems have become quite popular in recent years. For the query expansion component  , we adopt twostage PRF query expansion with HS selection strategy. , <formula>  The second component is a set of queries that might reasonably be applied to that collection. The third area is user in- teraction. , which implies the theorem immediately. More generally  , pattern annotations control the scope of the pattern match. In addition  , only those documents that have at least c query + expansion terms in them where chosen. pressive language. Intuitively  , each pattern categorizes a set of context instances. However  , for this task  , we decided to go with the simpler approach of applying a general set of rules that would capture most common product names with refinement steps specific to the matched regular expression pattern. , units and ranks  , most of these errors could be corrected using a host of 135 regular expression rules. A support vector machine was trained on the first three quarters of the data and tested on the unused data. On the other hand  , the depth-first search methods e.g. Also  , there is a need to find ways to integrate numberic matching into the soft pattern models. Since the bed model was representable  , this indicates a failure in the MCMC estimator. Realizing this  , we use tree-based representation as motion knowledge and construct the system using tree-based representation. The composite query is most useful when each Ri represents a specific aspect of the main query M and the individual supporting terms are not directly related.  Which ontological relationships are most useful as query expansion terms for the field of educational research ? Suppose that query qi has k expansion terms  , the relevance label of expansion term ej 1 ≤ j ≤ k is defined as follows: In particular  , the ordering we have chosen for codewords – ordered by codeword length first and then within each length by the natural ordering of the values is a total order. RQ2: Do word embeddings trained on different corpora change the ranking performance ? The recursive member function was tested in P and the specifi- cation of the recursive member fumction remains unchanged. Patterns were originally developed to capture recurring solutions to design and coding prob- lems 12 . Our system combines both historical query logs and the library catalog to create a thesaurus-based query expansion that correlates query terms with document terms. This differs from the simple-minded approach above  , where only a single starting pose is used for hill-climbing search  , and which hence might fail to produce the global maximum and hence the best map. When the objective function has an explicit form  , Hill-climbing could quickly reach an optimal point by following the local gradients of the function. One-class classification 9  transfers the problem of detecting outliers to a quadratic program solved by Support Vector Machine. The conclusion part is the type of answer expected if the LSP in condition part is matched. The stacked autoencoder as our deep learning architecture result in a accuracy of 0.91. To illustrate this  , suppose that the merge phase of an external sort started with IO runs and I I buffers  , which allowed all runs to be merged at once as in Figure 2a. Since the number of observations is small n = 31  , we fitted the proposed model with the order q = 1  , 2  , 3 and 4. After that  , general automated program repair has gone from being entirely unheard of to having its own multi-paper sessions  , such as " Program Repair " session in ICSE 2013  , in many top tier conferences 20  , and many researchers justify the advantage of their techniques  , such as Par and SemFix  , via the comparison with GenProg. Algebraic specification approaches such as OBJ 6 and Larch 7 and input/output predicate approaches such as Hoare 10  , Alphard 29  , Dijkstra 3  , and Anna 15 represent some of the ways in which a system builder might describe the semantics of system objects. When is the best performance achieved ? Note that search engine operations such as stemming and case-folding may preclude highlighting by re-scanning the retrieved documents for the search terms. These candidate phrases could eventually turn out to be true product names. This is so clicking on an items that is hyperlinked  , for example  , will not cause the browser to navigate away from the current page. After the split  , the sort immedialcly starts to work on the preliminary step. Instead of solving the exact similarity search for high dimensional indexing  , recent years have witnessed active studies of approximate high-dimensional indexing techniques 20  , 14  , 25  , 3  , 8  , 11. As expected  , query expansion is more useful for short queries  , and less useful for long queries. Neither pattern is a true depth-first or breadthfirst search pattern. Section 3 presents the functionality of the CS and provides a logical description of its internal architecture . Deletion of tuples is performed symmetrically  , from the leaves to the root  , updating each concerned summary to take into account tuple deletion. We think the reasons of the poor performance could be as follow. This handicap causes paging to suffer from memory lluctualions; moreover  , the larger the memory fluctuations  , the greater an impact this handicap exerts on sort performance. Source code is often paired with natural language statements that describe its behavior. From Q  , there are totally C |X obs | |Q| incomplete versions with dimensionality |X obs | that can be derived by removing values on some dimensions  , denoted by Q obs . We also notice that GenProg failed for all arithmetic bugs. EXSYST overcomes this problem by testing through the user interface  , rather than at the API level. This poster explicitly treats only the last item: query expansion. Suppose that a structurally recursive query Q is transformed into Q T by the structural function inlining with respect to type information T . More similar to our work  , Bengio et al. In practice  , the probability of each action is evaluated using 12 and the highest-probability action is selected. At last  , we stem the words on the content using a tool called lib-stemmer library 1 . The offer expression stands out with relatively good precision for a single feature. Wikipedia Topic-Entity Expansion Starting from top-15 documents ranked by our system  , we follow two query expansion steps: 1. However  , if gobal optimation is paid too much attention  , GA maybe drop in random search. Can we use some sort of task lattice or tree  , to represent and interface the distributed tasks underway towards goals and subgoals ? The first string of the pattern i.e. On the contrary  , the " shortest path " also called " geodesic " or " Dijkstra "  distance between nodes of a graph does not necesarily decrease when connections between nodes are added  , and thus does not capture the fact that strongly connected nodes are closer than weakly connected nodes. — The TOMS automatically constructs a recognize function by using a pattemmatcher driven by a user's regular expression13. The problem here is determining how good the imputation model is for a candidate point  , when the true global values for this point are not known. Their method was compared with five feature selection methods using two classifiers: K-nearest neighbour and support vector machine and it preformed the best for three microarray datasets. We show that regular XPATH queries are capable of expressing a large class of XPATH queries over a recursive DTD D. That is  , regular XPATH expressions capture both DTD recursion and XPATH recursion in a uniform framework. defined in Section II-D with each g re from the set of regular expression templates RELib˜pRELib˜ RELib˜p . For the experiments in this paper  , our search engine indexed about 130 million pages  , crawled from the Web during March of 2004. , PrefixSpan 14 and SPAM 1 grow long patterns from short ones by constructing projected databases. The query types and expansion term categories are as follow. Semantic annotation of queries using DBpedia. Computing random relative access rate for links with group traffic was a complicated procedure. This is also supported by the result that a topic-independent query expansion failed to improve search performances for some of the CSIs. For our system  , we applied various techniques to retrieve more relevant tweets. In our experiments  , the base definition generation system used is the system discussed in Section 2 and illustrated in Figure 1. The present paper extends this concept  , provides new results for ligand-protein binding  , and explores the application of PCRs to protein folding. The above expression is a simplified form of query expansion with a single term. Following the good results obtained by several groups using Web expansion in previous years  , we upgraded our system to benefit Web expansion using Answers.com search engine. In this paper  , we present a novel unsupervised query expansion technique that utilizes keyphrases and Part of Speech POS phrase categorization. Regularity Detection is used to detect specific patterns of movement from a properly structured database Itinerary Pattern Base. First  , introduce a recursive function definition for exponentiation: function EXP X  , Y: INT = pre INT'GE Y  , 0 measure ORDINAL'VAL Y begin if Y = 0 then 1 else TIMES X  , EXP X  , HIBUS Y  , I end if end EXP; Encounters green are generated using a camera on the quadrotor to detect the checkerboard pattern on the ground robot and are refined by scan matching. Our next project is to extend the model so a.s to ha.ndlc multi-way joins and sort-merge joins. Both methods share the problem of too much generality since the pro- grammer can write anything into the loop or the function body; this severely limits query optimization. The reason could be that we didn't find appropriate combination distinctive terms for query expansion. The general interest score is the cosine similarity between the user general interest model and the suggestion model in terms of their vector representations. The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. This approach is faster than traditional approaches both because counting occurs without the need to go back to the entire molecule and because counting is done through pattern-pattern instead of pattern-dataset matching  , which results in far fewer comparisons. However they are quite often used probably  , unconsciously! Detection time with angle increment 6 5 5 varies between 2-4 seconds. The experiment environment is Xilinx Virtex4 xc4vlx200 which is synthesis by Synplify and is implemented by ISE. Different from the above work  , we investigate the capability of social annotations in improving the retrieval performance as a promising resource for query expansion. , @regex denotes the set of all strings that match the regular expression regex. Splitting is made by asking whether a selected feature matches a certain regular expression involving words  , POS and gaps occurring in the TREC-11 question. will be POSITION  , which means the position of Cleveland i.e. Two novel methods that were explored relied on the notions of modularity and just-in-time sub-grammar extraction. SPARQL  , a W3C recommendation  , is a pattern-matching query language. Better solutions are obtained either by inheriting and reorganizing old ones or by lucky mutation  , simulating Darwinian Evolution. Tuning Interrelated Knobs: We may know of fast procedures to tune a set of interrelated knobs. The good performance of hill climbing motivates the current work  , since fast search for sub-optimal solutions is the only way to deal with the vast amounts of multimedia information in several applications. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 To combat the above problem  , we propose a generalized LFA strategy that trades a slight increase in running time for better accuracy in estimating Mr  , and therefore improves the performance of IMRank on influence spread. For example  , with full expansion of all query terms  , CNF expansion Table 3 gets a MAP of 0.2938  , 23% better than 0.2384 of the bag of word expansion with the same expansion terms  , significant at p < 0.0025 by the randomization test and weakly significant at p < 0.0676 by the sign test. Simple margin measures the uncertainty of an simple example x by its distance to the hyperplane w calculated as: In the framework of Support Vector Machine18  , three methods have been proposed to measure the uncertainty of simple data  , which are referred as simple margin  , MaxMin margin and ratio margin. Srinivasan P 1996. F@re 6 shows in fact a highly similar classification rum .dt  , in that the various documents are arranged within the two-dimensional output space of the self-organizing map m concordance with their mutual fictional similarity. Nore the similarity in the shapes and relative positions of the curves to those generated by the analytical model  , shown in Figure 1. To address this issue  , we relied on pattern matching  , a very powerful feature that current Computer Algebra Systems CAS provide. Section 2 offers a brief introduction to the theory of support vector classification. Three runs were conducted  , one based on nouns  , one based on stylometric properties  , and one based on punctuation statistics. These motivated the use of document cache to improve the latency. As a consequence  , for a given problem the rule-based optimization always yield to the same set of solutions. The tuple operations include maps to tuple projection and from tuple construction domain objects. Most previous query expansion approaches focus on text  , mainly using unigram concepts. The number of blocks remains constant throughout the hill climbing trial. The model learns word embeddings for source and target language words which are aligned over the dim embedding dimensions and may be represented in the same shared inter-lingual embedding space. As mentioned earlier weather data has many specific characteristics which depend on time and spatial location. We build a system called ARROW to automatically generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs and evaluate the effectiveness of these signa- tures. The small number of queries in the testing dataset precluded the use of any statistical significance tests. system  , with rules maximizing recall  , 2 Pass the grammar annotated data through an ML system based on Carreras  , X. et al  , 2003  , and 3 In the spirit of Mikheev  , A. et al  , 1998 perform partial matching on the text. Results of query " graph pattern " with terms-based matching and different rankings: 1 Semantic richness  , 2 Recency. We provide built-in functions for common operations like regular-expression based substitutions and arithmetic operations  , but also allow user defined functions. In this study  , we want to learn the weather attributes which are mainly in the form of real numbered values and thus have chosen stacked auto-encoder architecture of deep learning for the purpose. Like external sorts. In practice  , MPF was unable to run sufficient current for actuation at this scale. During prediction  , we explore multiple paths  , depending on the prediction of the MetaLabeler  , using either depth-first or breadth-first search. Folding is a vcry common proccss in our lives. The recursive method SPLIT introduced in Fig. , 5  , 2 and concurrent work on this topic 6. The three methods were synonym expansion  , relation expansion  , and predication expansion. It yielded semantically accurate results and well-localized segmentation maps. Furthermore  , millions of training images are needed to build a deep CNN model from scratch. Inverse kinematics is an essential element in any robotic control system and a considerable research has gone in the last decades in identifying a robust and generic solution to this problem. This explains why nodes with regular tags that represent multiple coalesced nodes of the original path tree need to retain both the total frequency and the number of nodes they represent. The text part of a message can be quallfled aocordlng to a regular expressIon of strlngs words  , oomblnatlons of words present In them. Each print statement has as argument a relational expression   , with possibly some free occurrences of attributes. To answer " Factoid " and " List " questions  , we apply our answer extraction methods on NE-tagged passages or sentences. Moreover  , if random testing does not hit a new coverage point  , it can take advantage of the locally exhaustive search provided by concolic testing to continue from a new coverage point. Let the cmt at any node m for hill climbing. Variables like  ?root are existentially quantified over the pattern  , while E  , T  , H  , C are free. For this rca­ son  , we believe motion planning has great potential to help us understand folding. For instance  , one concern selected in gnu.regexp captured code related to the matching of a regular expression over input spanning multiple lines. Its default download strategy is to perform a breadth-first search of the web  , with the following three modifications: 1. Therefore  , the recursive method for the stabilization of-the sys­ tem 1 can be given based on either the Krasovskii functional or the Razumikhin function. used six electrodes mounted on target muscles and a support vector machine was employed as a classifier 2. No matching pattern indicates that PAR cannot generate a successful patch for a bug since no fix template has appropriate editing scripts. We learned embeddings for more than 126.2 million unique queries  , 42.9 million unique ads  , and 131.7 million unique links  , using one of the largest search data set reported so far  , comprising over 9.1 billion search sessions collected on Yahoo Search. Similarly  , during the output phase queries requesting similar sort operations can share the sort's output values  , once they become available. A new technique is required to handle the grouping operation in queries. In this paper has been presented a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages. Another advantage is that for the rotation of the object only few sample points have to be rotated. The types of actuator design of self-folding sheets are determined by a selected actuator design function in Sec. A sort may wait in one of five situations: Wl: in stage 0 waiting to start; W2: in stage 1 with 1stMin space; W3: in stage 1 with more memory; W4: in stage 3; W5: before an external merge step. Rating imputation has been used previously in 3  , 11  , 16 to evaluate recommender system performance. 3. jmab: automatic run using language model with Jelinek-Mercer smoothing  , query expansion   , and abstracts only. This can be considered as 100 lockable objects in the LIB-system  , or alternatively  , these 100 objects can be regarded as the highly active part of the CB-system catalog data  , access path data  , . The experimental setup is shown in Fig. However  , the results of the proposed methods on this year's track are not as good as they are on the training sets. 630 where Φ 1 and Φ 2 are relations representing variable assignments and their annotations. It seems clear that patlems occurring in random indexing can be profitably exploited  , and surprisingly quickly. We have thus decided to combine navigational probing with FSMs and present a new method SINGLEDFA for this category. The concern model is a connected graph  , defining a view over the system that is complementary to Eclipse's standard package explorer. Combined lenses re-ranking with results re-ranking or query expansion improve lenses re-ranking performance. In order for dead reckoning to be useful for mobile robots in real-world environments  , some means is necessary for correcting the position errors that accumulate over time. In the following  , we give some formulas in order to perform pattern matching between expressions and patterns. The language of non-recursive first-order logic formulas has a direct mapping to SQL and relational algebra  , which can be used as well for the purposes of our discussion  , e.g. We plan on investigating the use of different estimators in future work. In this implementation the transitive closure of the digraph G T is based on a breadth first search through G T . Query expansion can be performed either manually or automatically. Finally  , we would like to emphasize that we do not seek to claim the generalization of our results. This is an extremely low number for example  , for test data generation in branch coverage it is often the case of using 100 ,000 fitness evaluations for each branch 26 and we can conclude that there is very limited search taking place  , which implies that a random search would have likely yielded similar results. While an ideal cut would result in the same roughness on both sides  , occurrences of bunching  , folding  , tearing  , and debris generation can result in complementary edges with very different cut qualities. IMRank only takes 3 and 5 iterations to achieve a stable and high influence spread under the two models respectively. This result strongly indicates that we need to devise a new mechanism to " promote " new pages  , so that new pages have higher chance to be " discovered " by people and get the attention that they may deserve. However  , as the number of query terms increases  , the rates of improvement brought about by query expansion become significantly less. We show a mutually recursive relationship between bias and unbiased rating  , i.e. Thus  , it is only able to learn a subset of the specifications that can be generated by EAGLE. For instantiation   , we exploit an index as well as a pattern library that links properties with natural language predicates. For new previously unknown entities  , new instances are added to the semantic repository. So we can do sort merge join directly on the coded join columns  , without decoding them first. If just looking at the values of AUC  , WNB-G-HC has higher values of AUC than WNB-HC in 7 datasets. These fields were identified using regular expression and separated using end of the section patterns. However given the same set of web-based information  , the Human Interest Model consistently outperforms the soft-pattern model for all four entity types. We also experimented with using these selected terms for query expansion. currently ilnplemented  , this could be optimized by COIIIbining the final merge with the separate merges inside the two calls to sort-when. Locality-based methods group objects based on local relationships. The first Col/Lib and second Loc columns give information about the name of the collection and their location. These properties are considered as random influence. The client computes h root using a recursive function starting from the root node. With r > 0  , the partitioning property that we prove for our scheme allows for maintaining space and time efficiency while using whole seed sets instead of single node landmarks to approximate the distances. As can be seen from these two tables  , our LRSRI approach outperforms other imputation methods  , especially for the case that both drive factors and effort labels are incomplete. Typically  , not all features of feature model My are of interest for the composition with feature model Mx . All feet with directionally compliant flaps which collapse during retraction performed better than feet which in no way collapsed during retraction. They developed an improved search engine for content on Stack Overflow which recommends question-and-answer pairs as opposed to entire Q&A threads based on a query. Figure 2illustrates two patterns: 1 somebody enters Classroom 2464; 2 somebody is staying in some place. Regular expressions REs are recursively defined as follows: every alphabet symbol a ∈ Σ is a regular expression. Hot-deck imputation HI tends to work well when there are strong correlation between the covariates and the variable with missing values  , and thus it performs differently depending on the correlation structure among the variables. A character-level FM-INDEX for a text can be stored in a fraction of the space occupied by the text itself  , and provides pattern search and with small overhead random-access decoding from any location in the text. An online pattern matching mechanism comparing the sensor stream to the entire library of already known contexts is  , however  , computational complex and not yet suitable for today's wearable devices. Relevant datasets are selected using the predicate-matching method  , that a triple pattern is assigned to datasets that contains its predicate. All runs did not use phrases  , and query expansion. The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. Then we compute the single source shortest path from y using breadth first search. Therefore  , by performing query expansion using the MRF model  , we are able to study the dynamics between term dependence and query expansion. For large document clusters  , it has been found to yield good results in practice  , i.e. Next  , we show how this atomic formula can be expressed in SRPQs. , proportion of upper case characters that we tested are not good indicators of spam. The STS corpus is a collection of 1.6 million English tweets collected by submitting queries with positive and negative emoticons to the Twitter search API. Finally fourier coefficients are calculated by Fast Fourier Transform FIT  , these coefficients are to the control pc via TCP/IP in order be for trigonometric interpolation in the robot control software motion generator. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: Section 2 reviews the existing stateof-the-art technology in limp material handling. While our model allows for learning the word embeddings directly for a given task  , we keep the word matrix parameter W W W static. The difference is that the thing to be extracted is defined by the expression  , not the component itself. We have presented efficient concurrency control and recovery schemes for both techniques . In a study comparing reading digital documents on a tablet with reading a paper  , the authors point out " lightweight navigation " features present in paper that are missing in their tablet interface. and word embedding for terms into a standalone version that can be applied to any document collection to facilitate efficient event browsing. An efficient alternative that we use is hierarchical soft-max 18  , which reduces the time complexity to O R logW  + bM logM  in our case  , where R is the total number of words in the document sequence. It is still conceivable  , however  , that the iterative program may terminate and return some value even though the recursive program does not. The functions insert and insert-inv receives the " abstract " bodies defined there. Ruthven 25 used a range of query expansion terms from 1 to 15  , and found that providing the system with more query expansion terms did not necessarily improve retrieval performance. method to construct object query. Figures 3 and 4 summarize the results. The final generalization of the Support Vector Machine is to the nonseparable case. The signature can be extended using function symbols  , to yield the full power of Prolog specifications. We discarded the leading one second of each trial to remove any transient effects. We used the GNU sort application the " sort merge "  on the relevance scores in the domain result sets for a topic as a baseline merge application to merge the results into a single ranked list. Biological swarm members often exhibit behavioral matching based on the localized group's pattern  , such that behaviors are synchronized 4. This increased our discovery rate by almost an order of magnitude. In case of similarity search  , the user can search by choosing a picture among those randomly proposed by the system. The ARROW system applies regular expression signatures to match URLs in HTTPTraces. A person can observe the existence and configuration of another persons body directly  , however all aspects of other people's minds must be inferred from observing their behaviour together with other information. The significance of differences is confirmed by the T-test for paired values for each two methods p<0.05. In addition  , in all phases of the maneuver  , the aircraft can benefit from the increased controllability offered by its wings without suffering significantly from increased drag. Thesaurus expansion was found to improve recall significantly at some lesser cost in precision. The impulse was effected by tapping on the finger with a light and stiff object. We made similar observations when we applied DB- SCAN to the metabolome data: the computed clusters contained newborns with all sorts of class labels. and thus does not necessarily guarantee an optimal path in the shortest path sense. Furthermore  , we will aim at devising automatic configuration approaches for EAGLE. Our model is primarily based on simple empirical statistics acquired from a training dataset and relies on a very small number of learned parameters. The breadth-first strategy  , however  , draws a different picture: a user will look ahead at a series of results before clicking on the favorite results among them. , prompt: Can you say more about that ?. YATL is a declarative  , rule based language featuring pattern matching and restructuring operators. The entry point can be directly provided by the user by selecting a document icon  , or determined by the system as the document that best matches the query. Put contents of Input Buf fer2 to Aging The partitioned hash outerjoin is augmented with compression in a very similar manner to the sort merge outerjoin. In addition  , since robot movements take place in real time  , learning approaches that require more than hundreds of practice movements are often not feasible. 3 Σ * AB: The last two actions taken are A and B. Hence  , the Random Walk served as the search performance lower-bound. We compute the discrete plan as a tree using the breadth first search. Kumar and Spafford 10 applied subsequence pattern matching to intrusion detection.  We investigate the relative importance of individual features  , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image  , another where each user has several thousand images  , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. The premature convergence problem of EAs is caused by the lack of diversityl . Since the experiment in the previous section shows that more levels in general lead to better expected grasp quality  , we have to investigate how the average and worst case complexity relate to the number of levels. The lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the well studied multi-pattern matching problem in the string matching literature 25. Our official submission  , however  , was based on the reduced document model in which text between certain tags was indexed. We use a pattern-matching module to recognize those OODs with fixed structure pattern  , such as money  , date  , time  , percentage and digit. These environments are dominated by issues of software construction. In addition to the official numbers obtained with query expansion using both BRF and PBRF  , the results for the 3 other configurations no query expansion  , query expansion with BRF and query expansion with PBRF are also provided. All shapes folded themselves in under 7 minutes. Motivated by financial and statistical applications e.g. If a node has a single state it is labeled solved. Using Kohonen maps allow the robot to organize the models of the three objects based on its embodiment without the designer's intervention because of the self-organizing characteristic of the map. Thus  , there still exists a need for a document-independent source of terms for query expansion. Our final set of experiments investigated query expansion  , that is  , augmenting topics with additional query terms. 1 is to assure that each word w  , regardless of its actual language  , obtains word collocates from both vocabularies. A recursive function POSITION generalizing the OFFSET example is defined to give the 3- dimensional offset and orientation of the PART relative to the beginning of a hierarchy. If there exists at least one non-empty intersection the pick-and-place operation can be performed with a single grasp corresponding to a gripper configuration of the non-empty intersection. The main goal of query expansion is to optimize a query. We quickly switched to Google for query expansion and found that  , on average  , the top four results produced the most pertinent pages. – automatic audio annotations coming from emotional states recognition for example fear  , neutral  , anger. The regular expression da is also referred to as the element definition or content model of a. When further integrating transfer learning to deep learning  , DL+TT  , DL+BT and DL+FT achieve better performance than the DL approach. Figure 2a shows the percent of different nodes in two successive iterations. Due to its relatively low accuracy demands  , spray painting is particularly suited for automated robot programming . To seed our crawler  , we generated 100 ,000 random SteamIDs within the key space 64-bit identifiers with a common prefix that reduced the ID space to less than 10 9 possible IDs  , of which 6 ,445 matched configured profiles. The query does not return any answers because it does not match the structure of the graph. This scanner then adds supported document types that it finds to a specified instance of an Up- Lib repository. In this paper we examined the Fulltext Search Profiling. These primitives were largely derived directly from the basic actions and abilities of the modules and simple computational constructs. While many methods for expansion exist  , their application in FIR is largely unexplored. Ogilvie and Callan have proposed a global approach to query expansion for FIR 15. Intuitively  , the weakest assumption can be related to the notion of a weakest precondition as given by Dijkstra 12 . Annotations made in the reader are automatically stored in the same Up- Lib repository that stores the image and text projections. 24  studied query expansion based on classical probabilistic model. Viola and Jones 20  , 21 In recent years  , deep learning arouses academia and industrial attentions due to its magic in computer vision. We modeled FFTs in two steps which are considered separately by the database. It is then straightforward to show that the behavior of the model is preserved after replacing each loop by a call to its corresponding anonymous recursive function. As Glusta also uses regular expressions when the user needs to specify additional fitness factors as in the HyperCast experiment  , we will investigate optimizations for our regular expression matching also. Folding in program verification. The experimental results were achieved by indexing 1991 WSJ documents TREC disk 22 with Webtrieve using stemming and stopwords remotion. SA first identifies the T-expression  , and tries to find matching sentiment patterns. The query suggestion component involves random walks and can be configured to consider the most recent n queries. The trail  , i.e. Our initial investigation has shown that modeling the interaction among links and attributes will likely improve model generalization and interpretability. Character recognition is conducted using template matching. In general  , the model allows the user to start with the entity types of interest  , describe each entity type with a nested list of attribute types and build any number of levels of association types. In this section  , we describe how to apply the structural function inlining to structurally recursive queries in XQuery. 11shows the simulation results of the dynamic folding using the robot motion obtained in the inverse problem. The statistic behaviors for each indicator were determined computing the mean and standard deviation. The min-support criterion specifies the minimum num-ber of times a pattern has to be observed to be considered frequent. Many snippets neither indicate similarity nor difference  , but merely mention a pair of products  , for example asking how they compare. We believe that much future work can be done. The problem of N-Queens involves placing N queens on an N × N chess board so that no queen can take any of the others. According to our experience in TREC 2009  , TREC 2010 and TREC 2011  , query expansion is effective to improve the result. A similar situation arises when data is added to the system . When Find is called on behalf of a read-only transaction lock-mode is None indicating no lock  , and latch-mode is False. The results show that the performance of our simple query expansion approach is not as good as the provided baseline. In particular  , by training a neural language model 8  on millions of Wikipedia documents  , the authors first construct a semantic space where semantically close words are mapped to similar vector representations. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : , folding a one-dimensional amino acid chain into a three-dimensional protein structure. The regular expression occurring in this query has an equivalent automaton with three states: the three regions correspond precisely to these states. Section II describes the dynamic model used in this research  , which was developed in 5 and emphasizes important model features that enable it to be used for motion planning in general and the steep hill climbing problem in particular. For example  , consider the command ALL OPERATIONstack which displays the entries of the--I/0 headings in the forms for a data abstraction named stack. The key of most techniques is to exploit random projection to tackle the curse of dimensionality issue  , such as Locality-Sensitive Hashing LSH 20   , a very well-known and highly successful technique in this area. 4 have demonstrated the utility of DTW for ECG pattern matching. We run IMRank to select 50 seed nodes. In the CI Spider study  , subjects believed it was easier to find useful information using CI Spider with a score of 3.97/5.00 than using Lycos domain search 3.33 or manual within-site browsing and searching 3.23. we perform a breadth first search. Then each sub-image is represented by those visual words from these vocabularies through codebook lookup of each raw image feature and finally the full image feature set is constructed. It is intriguing that the LINE2nd outperforms the state-of-the-art word embedding model trained on the original corpus. Our key techniques for making query expansion efficient  , scalable  , and self-tuning are to avoid aggregating scores for multiple expansion terms of the same original query term and to avoid scanning the index lists for all expansion terms. The advantage of this approach is that new notation for writing recursive queries is unnecessary; C programmers can write recursive queries the same way they write recursive functions. However  , it is necessary to add semantics to symbols so that they can be employed in a query expansion technique. If all words in a title or subtitle are search keywords  , too many subject keywords will be generated. Generating the full question was done in the following way: We start with the original question. In TREC 2006 Shen et al. Regular expressions can express a number of strings that the be language cannot  , but be types can be generated from type recognizers that can be far more complex than regular expressions. A modified version of GJK  , RGJK  , which exploits the recursive evaluation is stated in Section 3. The Jena graph implementation for non-inference in-memory models supports the look-up for the number of triples matching either a subject  , a predicate or an object of a triple pattern. We map the user collaborative policy specification to an auction based on the Clarke-Tax 7  , 8 mechanism which selects the privacy policy that will maximize the social utility by encouraging truthfulness among the co-owners. Our goal is to compare four methods of query expansion or augmentation under a spectrum of conditions corresponding to differing quality translation resources. They have applied this method to verify the correct sequencing of P  , V operations in an operating system. 101have been applied to test the contribution of the new optimal search directions. Hildebrandt et al. Since conversations are open with more than one appropriate responses  , MAP and nDCG scores indicate the full capacity of the retrieval systems. We learned 3 the mapping of 300  , 000 words to a 100-dimension embedded space over a corpus consisting of 7.5 million Web queries  , sampled randomly from a query log. These sizes are then used to determine the CPU  , IO and communication requirements of relational operations such as joins. Thus  , eachjoint can he driven independently with two degrees of freedom. Jeh and Widom 16 introduced SimRank  , the multi-step link-based similarity function with the recursive idea that two pages are similar if pointed to by similar pages. This approach benefits from a better performance by avoiding multiple input parsing. The restructure of the Ptree consists of similar insertions in the first step. Our results would seem to indicate that the language model used for query expansion does matter. Hence  , in the DocSpace the similarity between documents is computed by the traditional cosine similarity. The purpose of this circular region is to maintain an admissible heuristic despite having an underspecified search goal. This relationship is then visualized in a 2D or 3D-space. However  , ontologies enable also other relations to be used in query expansion. This is the major motivation to choose GP for the ranking function discovery task. However  , emphasizing the query during reranking does not appear to be necessary. The expansion and contraction of these arms provide the modules with their only form of motion. In practice  , the collected effort dataset may contain missing data at any locations  , including the missing of drive factors independent variables or effort labels dependent variables  , as shown in Figure 1. Function Slice for i ← 1 to n do HandleEvent collects all intermediate trace slices corresponding to θ's subinstances . An array representation of the spaces is constructed  , which ultimately limits the current approach to observers  , that have only a few degrees of freedom. Further parallelization is possible by batching up all the states to be evaluated in a single optimizer step. We use regular expression and query patterns or incorporate user-supplied scripts to match and create terms. States s0-s3 and transitions t0-t3 are determined from the PATTERN clause in a way similar to that of determining FSM states from a regular expression. Genetic operators simulate natural selection mechanisms such as mutation and reproduction to enable the creation of individuals that best abide by a given fitness function. This indicates that by modeling user interests  , initial hub selection based on the interest each query represented was much more effective in choosing the hubs that cover most relevant contents. For SD the only feature of interest is the objecttext – i.e. Regular path expression queries RPE that contain " # " and " * " need to be expanded to SPE queries first  , then translated into SQL statements. Participants " accepted " any Web site that they identified as a g ood match for their task goals and classroom context. " We model the mixedscript features jointly in a deep-learning architecture in such a way that they can be compared in a low-dimensional abstract space. The reason for this behavior is that both plans are of roughly equal cost  , with the difference being that in plan P2  , the SUPPLIER relation participates in a sort-mergejoin at the top of the plan tree  , whereas in P7  , the hash-join operator is used instead at the same location. The search result for a single query from the ad-hoc task is a list of structured data; each contains a web TREC-ID and the extracted main body of content. B+R means ranking document with AND condition of every non-stopword in a query. All space characters is a feature of a line that would match the regular expression ^\s*$  , a blank line. The document in the IFRAME is tiny:  This code assumes the existence of a get_secret function   , which can be implemented in a few lines of code that performs a regular expression match on document.cookie. We also write some regular expression to match some type of entities . Suppose the user is willing to invest some extra time for each query  , how much effort is needed to improve the initial query in expansion effort  , how many query terms need to be expanded  , and how many expansion terms per query term are needed ? This kind of query is used to focus on a particular concept within a pattern. REFERENCE We used 'http' as the keyword to target only tweets containing links. Compared to these methods   , ARROW mainly differentiates itself by detecting a different attack a.k.a  , drive-by download. First  , given that tweets are text-impoverished  , query-expansion seems to be important. For forward selection  , the generation of candidate alternatives to a current model relies on the addition of edges  , because graphical models are completely defined by their edges or two-factor terms. Note that we did not use documents retrieved by a query to be expanded  , as we wanted to develop a query expansion method applicable for any queries. On each capture  , the returned documents are captured and recorded. There must  , however  , be a very efficient inner loop which is executed a number of times proportional to the signature file size. In Genetic Programming  , each member in the population is a computer program for the solution of the problem. , sort-merge or existing physical access paths. Query expansion technology is used to modify the initial query. Genetic ProgrammingGP is the method of learning and inference using this tree-based representation". We hope to answer the following questions. In our experiments with R = 100  , on average WIKI. LINK only considered approximately 200 phrases for query expansion per query  , whereas using the top 10 documents from Wikipedia in PRF. WIKI considered approximately 9000 terms. It means that if a page becomes popular within one year when search engines do not exist  , it takes 66 years when search engines dominate users' browsing pattern! Determining the changes between two versions enables matching of their code elements. , the patched program has ever failed to pass some test case  , random search has no such constraint. They also discuss the subtlety we mention in Sec. The resulting tokens are then normalised via case folding. It is only recently  , for example  , that IBM announced plans to build the world's fastest supercomputer — Blue Gene — which will attempt to compute the three-dimensional folding of human protein molecules. SCRUPLE 10 and JaTS 5  provide pattern matching facilities that can interpret source-code like patterns. This approach maintains the benefits of query expansion that were demonstrated through the original use of similarity thesauri for monolingual query expansion. According t o the design methodology  , the heuristics for the MSP can be classified into problemtailored heuristics  13  , search-oriented heuristics 7   , arid learning-based heuristics a . Note that the features in sequence labeling not only depend on the input sequence s  , but also depends on the output y. The method is based on: i a novel positional document object model that represents both spatial and visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of Web browser in rendered Deep Web pages; ii a novel visual similarity measure that exploit the rectangular cardinal relation spatial model for computing visual similarity between nodes of the PDOM. In this implementation the robots initially search the environment to find goal B by random exploration. After each sentence is identified and parsed  , its parse tree is traversed in a depth-first recursive function. In the first phase  , we learn the sentence embedding using the word sequence generated from the sentence. Our model predicts that it takes 60 times longer for a new page to become popular under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model. The heuristic strategy is first attempted between the original start and the original goal configuration. Logical expressions are mapped by an optimizer search engine to a space of physical expressions. It needed 76 evaluations  , but the chosen optimum had a yield below 10 units: worse than all the other methods  , indicating that the assumption of a global quadratic is inadequate in this domain. Our experimental evaluation is divided into three main parts: 1 extracting entity-synonym relationships from Wikipedia  , and improving time of synonyms using the NYT corpus  , 2 query expansion using time-independent synonyms  , and 3 query expansion using time-dependent synonyms. For the chosen innovation problem  , the evaluators were presented with the lists of 30 top-ranked suggestions generated by ad- Words  , hyProximity mixed approach and Random Indexing. 3represents the largest possible output power for one side of the vehicle  , which is 51 W. Generally speaking  , the torque limit constraint 5 is what causes deceleration when climbing a steep hill  , while the power constraint 6 limits the speed of the vehicle while traveling on either horizontal or sloped terrains. The results of the query also included the information that certain timeout values were involved in the non-blocking implementation. Even though NLP components are still being improved by emerging techniques like deep learning  , the quality of existing components is sufficient to work on the semantic level – one level of abstraction up from surface text. Note that the timing of each one of the random datasets is aligned with a LCC dataset. It is not difficult to see that a regular expression exists for the tag paths in Table 1. The one is climbing up the hill with 35 degrees of the slope and the other is the going down the hill. Algebraic axioms are particularly apt for describing the relationships between operations and for indicating how these operations are meant to be used. Therefore  , for each hinge  , the trace height was determined empirically to ensure sufficient folding without excessive warping or peeling. IE can only be employed if sensory information is available that is relevant to a relation  , deductive reasoning can only derive a small subset of all statements that are true in a domain and relational machine learning is only applicable if the data contains relevant statistical structure. A dynamically changed DOM state does not register itself with the browser history engine automatically  , so triggering the 'Back' function of the browser is usually insufficient . In relational databases  , query rewriting over SQL views is straightforward as it only requires view expansion  , i.e. Note that the proposed search-result-based approach produced better translations than the anchor-text-based approach for the random Web queries. 6. Pattern matching deal with two problems  , the graph isomorphism problem that has a unknown computational complexity  , and the subgraph isomorphism problem which is NP-complete. This application of expansion strategy aims to achieve high precision and moderate recall. Stopping criterion. 1 sort the attribute-based partition  , compressing if possible 2 build a B-Tree like index which consists of pointers beginning and end to the user-specified category boundaries for the attribute. This poses the following two major predicatability problems: the problem of predicting how the system will execute e.g  , use index or sequntial scan  , use nested loop or sort merge a given query; the problem of eliminating the effect of data placement   , pagination and other storage implementation factors that can potentially distort the observations and thus lead to unpredictable behavior. A gender-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for identification of patient's gender mentioned in visits. For each word of a pattern it allows to have not only single letters in the pattern   , but any set of characters at each position. Since the temporal data from 'gentle interaction' trials were made of many blobs  , while temporal data from 'strong interaction' trials were mainly made of peaks  , we decided to focus on the Fourier spectrum also called frequency spectrum  which a would express these differences: for gentle interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for lower frequencies while for strong interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for higher frequencies. We performed 5000 random searches using JPF version 3.1.2 on a cluster of dual-Opteron 250's running at 2.4 GHz with 16GB of memory and running Fedora Core 3 Linux. A multi-heuristic search method is proposed in 7  , that generates dynamic subgoals when the search is trapped in a local minimum. We also prove the convergence of IMRank and analyze the impact of initial ranking. The nonterminals Attr and RelVar refer to any RML identifier; StrLit is a string literal; and regex is a Unix regular expression. In addition  , whereas KL is infinite given extreme probabilities e.g. We consider MV-DNN as a general Deep learning approach in the multi-view learning setup. Sample Code Figure 1shows the Java code of two library classes  , Lib and Priv  , and two client classes  , Enterprise and School. Indeed  , there are many queries for which state-of-the-art PF expansion methods yield retrieval performance that is substantially inferior to that of using the original query with no expansion — the performance robustness problem 2  , 7. If this simple test fails  , we randomly sample the cache and identify a pair in the sample whose distance is closest to the required one. To guide the search  , we work backward from a unique final orientation toward a range of orientations of size 27r  , which corresponds to the full range of uncertainty in initial part orientation. Recently  , Word Embedding WE has emerged as a more effective word representation than  , among others  , LSA 8  , 9  , 10. Emerging new OCR approaches based on deep learning would certainly profit from the large set of training data. We developed an application  , ljclipper  , to restrict the overall friends graph to that induced by a subset of nodes of fixed number  , found using breadth-first search starting from a given seed. x ⊕ y concatenates x and y. splitter is a position in a string or a regular expression  , leftx  , splitter is the left part of x after splitting by splitter. All of the points have the same pattern and this is suitable for a template matching because the points may be able to be extracted through a template matching procedure using only one template. More detail about the concerns selected is available elsewhere 9. This operator can be applied to a relation with a set of points and a relation with a set of regions; it performs a plane-sweep PrS85 to join tuples of the two operand relations where the point is contained in the region. We will exploit the size difference between the sort key and the entire record by sending only sort keys from the data sites to the merge sites. The project commenced as usual with Losey beginning Step Two  , Multimodal Search Reviews. Automatic query expansion AQE occurs when the system selects appropriate terms for use in query expansion and automatically adds these terms to users' queries. Therefore  , the triple pattern matching operator must be placed in a plan before any of the following operators. Communication fitness for controller of Figure  93503 Evaluating the k+1 th predicate  , however  , will further cut down on the number of protein ids that emerge from the merge join  , which in turn reduces the number of protein tuples that have to be retrieved. The heuristic for the planner uses a 2D Dijkstra search from the goal state. Parsing is doable despite no good delimiter . The first method is to take the fast Fourier transform FFT of the impulse response for Table 2: Characteristic frequencies for link 2 a given impulse command. QEWeb: Query expansion using the web was applied as discussed in pervious section. An internal sort is performed on each of these buffers with respect to the tags of the data items. , www.banking.com/img/lib/shell3.php  , were never made public   , anyone who knows them  , must know them because a shell  , either through client-side  , or server-side homephoning   , leaked its precise URL to an attacker. The amoeba simplex optimization technique 9 was used to modify the controller parameters and guide the search for optima. A potential transformation is made by selecting one of the sets belonging to Ë and then replacing a random point in this -set by a random point not in the -set. Most often  , producing a better representation ψ that encodes various aspects of similarity between the input querydocument pairs plays a far more important role in training an accurate reranker than choosing between different ranking approaches. Tree models form an instantiation hierarchy. Threshold-based approaches consider an event to occur when sensor readings exceed a pre-defined threshold value. As a result  , suggestions provided by task-based methods can be treated as complementary to results from session-based and random walk approaches. This result is reasonable. The input to this pre-condition computation will be a DFA that accepts the attack strings characterized by the regular expression given above. Similar trends are ohserved at site S ,. An SDTD is restrained competition iff all regular expressions occurring in rules restrain competi- tion. We exploit the top-scored entities e.g. However  , having the facets visible at all times did not introduce usability issues either. We execute breadth-first-search from s up to k levels without visiting t  , while keeping track of all paths formed so far. In addition   , the list of attributes metabolites exhibiting low variance in each cluster give useful hints for further medical research. This dataset was extracted from random queries sampled from Yahoo! The transfer function frequency bins may further be smoothened through a recursive least square technique. Also  , despite the scarcity of software data and the fact that the LD procedure involves an efficiency cost due to the elimination of a large amount of valuable data  , most software engineering researchers have used it due to its simplicity and ease of use. A mergesort involves two phases: sorting phase and merge phase. This result indicates that IdeaKeeper scaffoldings assisted students to focus on more important work than less salient activities in online inquiry. For write effects  , we give the starting points for both objects and the regular expressions for the paths. In practice  , forward selection procedures can be seen as a breadth-first search. The problem of imputation is thus: complete the database as well as possible. In this section  , we will provide a version of the back­ stepping based on the Razumikhin function for the time-delay systems 1. The same assumption is made for grouping constraint and output aggregate function. JPF is built around first  , breadth-first as well as heuristic search strategies to guide the model checker's search in cases where the stateexplosion problem is too severe 18. The representation for data objects and their relationships with each other is a relational data base with a pattern-matching access mechanism. Furthermore we utilized regular expressions  , adopted from Ritter et al. This achieves better performance and scalability without sacrificing document ordering. For many applications  , building the bounding representation can be performed as a precomputation step. Finally  , the optimher can often pipeline operations if the intermediate results are correctly grouped or ordered  , thereby avoiding the cost of storing temporaries which is basically the only advantage of tuple substitution. We then generalise the string to a suitable regular expression  , by removing stopwords and inserting named entity classes where appropriate. We have already mentioned bug pattern matchers 10  , 13  , 27: tools that statically analyze programs to detect specific bugs by pattern matching the program structure to wellknown error patterns. Then  , it analyzes the available indexes and returns one or more candidate physical plans for the input sub-query. A boundary unction is any function F on the set of nodes in the tree having the following properties: 1 if X is a feasible complete solution  , then Let g i be the guard obtained from g i by replacing every parameter of lib by the corresponding argument passed to it at c. In other words  , if we had access to an oracle that always provided us the best sub-query and best expansion set for a query  , we can obtain the indicated upper bound on performance. " We have adopted a " query language " approach  , using a well understood  , expressively limited  , relatively compact query language; with GENOA  , if an analyzer is written strictly using the sublanguage Qgenoa  , the complexity is guaranteed to be polynomial. Then  , the variable sizes of word embedding sets will be aggregated into a fixed length vector  , Fisher Vector FV  , based on the Fisher kernel framework 27. We are continuing to study alternatives to this basic XPath expression  , such as using regular expressions  , allowing query expansion using synonyms  , and weighting the importance of terms. For example  , searching utilities frequently are character-set neutral we use the MG system 8  , 11  , but expect that these observations apply more generally. The analyzer takes two inputs: a PHP program and an input specification. Subsequent optimization steps then work on smaller subsets of the data Below  , we briefly discuss the CGLS and Line search procedures. It is expected n-gram based query expansion will improve with other query formulation techniques  , different query component weighting and other word match measures. , reading one track at a time. proposed to solve this problem by using Fourier Transformation 14. This important feature IS based on a syntacttc pattern matching between user's concepts and system known concepts. The same redundancy arises in libraries that provide specialized implementations of functionalities already available in other components of the system. Query expansion is a technology to match additional documents by expanding the original search query. However   , this strategy is only applicable when 3D models of the objects are available and the curvature of the objects is relatively small. In SPARQL 5 no operator for the transformation from RDF statements to SPARQL is defined. Example 7 illustrates this for geo-coordinates; we have used the same approach for dates. Once the pattern is justified  , the door is successfully detected. More than 3800 text documents  , 1200 descriptions of mechanisms and machines  , 540 videos and animations and 180 biographies of people in the domain of mechanism and machine science are available in the DMG- Lib in January 2009 and the collection is still growing. By using feature-level correlation of a query rather than exact words and its corresponding representations  , the proposed approach provides a new perspective to model intentions   , which differentiates itself from previous text classification tasks in essence. Only those data points that have a density exceeding the noise threshold before beginning the hill-climbing are assigned to a cluster center. To overcome the above problems  , researchers have focused on using query expansion techniques to help users formulate a better query. Note: schema:birthDate and schema:deathDate are derived from the same subfield using the supplied regular expression. We used the reference linking API to analyze D-Lib articles. Query expansion comes from two sources and used in different stages. Theoretically   , word embedding model is aiming to produce similar vector representation to words that are likely to occur in the same context. We then wrote a regular expression rules to extract all possible citations from paper's full text. nary operator corresponding to pointer chasing. According to the framework of Fisher Kernel  , text segments are modeled by a probability density function. Researchers using genetic data frequently are interested in finding similar sequences. Most of the existing works rely on search engine server logs to suggest relevant queries to user inputs. For this reason we used the semantic classifications generated by our named entity recognizer to discover such relations when looking for relevant passages. Running test cases typically dominated GenProg's runtime " 22  , which is also suitable for RSRepair  , so we use the measurement of NTCE to compare the repair efficiency between GenProg and RSRepair  , which is also consistent with traditional test case prioritization techniques aiming at early finding software bugs with fewer NTCE. Once these features are removed the remaining point cloud consists of a dense cluster of payload points with a few outliers introduced from dust. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l In 8  , it is shown that the Fast Fourier Transform can be used to efficiently obtain a C-space representation from the static obs1 ,acles and robot geornetry. The sample query is following: Thus  , synonyms are also included in this expansion. Their results further showed the importance of choosing an appropriate k value when using such a technique. The DBSCAN technique was modified with KD-trees to reduce the computational complexity. -bash-2.05>echo "test1 test test2" | grep -Fw test -bash-2.05> Option −F prescribes that the pattern expression is used as a string to perform matching. Finally we show the performance of our evaluation method for five different search engine tests and compare the results with fully editorially judged ∆DCG. First we can remark that the imputation accuracies are generally higher than with complete training data 11 . In Section 4 we introduce another method which instead uses frequency pruning. In the parabolic motion calculation  , the velocity of each joint at the moment that the robot stops is considered as the initial condition. The autoencoder was found to be computationally infeasible when applied to the described datasets and therefore its retrieval performance is not presented. On the other hand  , the deep learning-based approaches show stronger generalization abilities. All experiments reported in this section are conducted in a Sun Linux cluster with 20 nodes running CentOS 5  , x86_64 edition. k since for each core point there are at least MinPts points excluding itself within distance Eps. A finite supply of electrodes resulted in a relatively sparse set of data 87 samples and offers two distinct ways to analyze the data. After word segmentation we get a sequence of meaningful words from each text query. Recently  , in the paper 40 genetic programming is proposed to fix automatically the general bugs  , and a prototype tool called GenProg based on this technique is implemented. In other words  , the object features used for pattern matching refer to the latter distribution. In general  , the construction and traversal of suffix trees results in " random-like access " 14  for a number of efficient in-memory construction methods 25  , 38. We have confirmed this expectation by running the MAY × MUST configuration with different exploration strategies on 20 methods for which exploration bounds were reached. This commanded velocity profile resulted in the vehicle's front wheels reaching the top of the hill at approximately 4.1 s. A time-lapse sequence of the motion with and without SBMPC is shown in Figure 12. Observe that this pattern of object creation  , method invocation and field accesses  , summarized as Regex. Matchstring; if getMatch. Success { getMatch. Groups }  , is a common way to use the Match type: the Match. Groups field is only relevant if the input string matched the regular expression  , given by the field Match. Success. i.e. The odds of a random function returning the right results in these cases is quite small. We tested the viability of machine learning attacks by implementing a support vector machine. GEOKOBJ has several predefined functions e.g. the given regular expression R patterns contained in the sequence. A query usually provides only a very restricted means to represent the user's intention. Therefore  , in this paper  , we propose new Word Embedding-based metrics to capture the coherence of topics . We propose several effective and scalable dimensionality reduction techniques that reduce the dimension to a reasonable size without the loss of much information. 2 Then we split the text into sentences and interpret as an instance every string which matches the following pattern:  These expressions are intended to be interpreted as standard regular expressions over words and their corresponding part-of-speech tags  , which are indicated in curly brackets. Figure 2is a flowchart of user interactions under the TDCM model. However  , the fully connected AE ignores the high dimensionality and spatial structure of an image.