However  , to the best of our knowledge  , there have been no attempts to prefetch RDF data based on the structure of sequential related Sparql queries within and across query sessions. The classic probabilistic model of information retrieval the RSJ model 18 takes the query-oriented view or need-oriented view  , assuming a given information need and choosing the query representation in order to select relevant documents. We focused on the problem of opinion topic relatedness and we showed that using proximity information of opinionated terms to query terms is a good indicator of opinion and query-relatedness. The details of these techniques are given in the next section. This work is also closely related to the retrieval models that capture higher order dependencies of query terms. This model shows that documents should be ranked according to the score These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. We will revisit and evaluate some representative retrieval models to examine how well they work for finding related articles given a seed article. The second probabilistic model goes a step further and takes into account the content similarities among passages. This system is based on a supervised multi-class labeling SML probabilistic model 1  , which has shown good performance on the task of image retrieval. Results from our integrated approach outperformed baseline results and exceeded the top results reported at the TREC forum  , demonstrating the efficacy of our approach. With weight parameters  , these can be integrated into one distribution over documents  , e.g. 10 uses a 2-Poisson model for including term frequency-based probabilities in the probabilistic retrieval model. A new probabilistic generative model is proposed for the generation of document content as well as the associated social annotations. Overall  , the PLM is shown to be able to achieve " soft " passage retrieval and capture proximity heuristic effectively in a unified probabilistic framework. Unlike some traditional phrase discovery methods  , the TNG model provides a systematic way to model topical phrases and can be seamlessly integrated with many probabilistic frameworks for various tasks such as phrase discovery   , ad-hoc retrieval  , machine translation  , speech recognition and statistical parsing. Two retrieval runs were submitted: one consisting of the title and description sections only T+D and the other consisting of all three title  , description  , and narrative sections T+D+N. The retrieval model integrates term translation probabilities with corpus statistics of query terms and statistics of term occurrences in a document to produce a probability of relevance for the document to the query. The 2006 legal track provides an uniform simulation of legal text requests in real litigation  , which allows IR researchers to evaluate their retrieval systems in the legal domain. According to one model Collection-centric  , each collection is represented as a term distribution  , which is estimated from all sampled documents. 3.2.1 Unigram language models: In the language modelling framework  , document ranking is primarily based on the following two steps. In the use of language modeling by Ponte and Croft 17  , a unigram language model is estimated for each document  , and the likelihood of the query according to this model is used to score the document for ranking. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. 5 Model 2 interprets the information seeking situation in the usual way as follows: The documents in the collection have a wide variety of different properties; semantic properties of aboutness  , linguistic properties concerning words that occur in their titles or text  , contextual properties concerning who are their authors  , where they were published   , what they cited  , etc. LIF  , on the other hand  , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . 2 integrate temporal expressions in documents into a time-aware probabilistic retrieval model. A simplex is simply a set of N+l guesses  , or vertices  , of the N-dimensional statevector sought and the error associated with each guess. We have presented a new dependence language modeling approach to information retrieval. The term-precision model differs from the previous two weighting systems in that document relevance is taken into account. for the distribution of visual features given the semantic class. Estimating £ ¤ § © in a typical retrieval environment is difficult because we have no training data: we are given a query  , a large collection of documents and no indication of which documents might be relevant. If Model 3 constitutes a valid schema for this kind of a search situation  , we see that it should be applicable not only to the document retrieval problem but for other kinds of search and retrieval situations as well. By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. The central issue of statistical machine translation is to construct a probabilistic model between the spaces of two languages 4. We show examples of extracted phrases and more interpretable topics on the NIPS data  , and in a text mining application  , we present better information retrieval performance on an ad-hoc retrieval task over a TREC collection. In the following  , the probabilistic model for distributed IR is experimentally evaluated with respect to the retrieval effectiveness . In this work  , we show that the database centric probabilistic retrieval model has various interesting properties for both automatic image annotation and semantic retrieval. Evaluation is a difficult problem since queries and relevance judgements are not available for this task. We suggested why classical models with their explicit notion of relevance may potentially be more attractive than models that limit queries to being a sample of text. The first probabilistic model captures the retrieval criterion that a document is relevant if any passage in the document is relevant. Then  , the intensity p 0 was estimated from the retweet sequence of interest by using the fitting procedure developed in section 3.3. The probabilistic retrieval model also relies on an adjustment for document length 3. We discussed a model of retrieval that bridges a gap between the classical probabilistic models of information retrieval  , and the emerging language modeling approaches. We then proceed to detail the supervised machine learning technique used for key concept identification and weighting. This paper discusses an approach to the incorporation of new variables into traditional probabilistic models for information retrieval  , and some experimental results relating thereto. However  , diaeerent research communities have associated diaeerent partially incompatiblee interpretations with the values returned from such score functions   , such astThe fuzzy set interpretation ë2  , 8ë  , the spatial interpretation originally used in text databases  , the metric interpetation ë9ë  , or the probabilistic interpretation underlying advanced information retrieval systems ë10ë. Similar probabilistic model is also proposed in 24  , but this model focuses in parsing noun phrases thus not generally applicable to web queries. This paper presented the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval. This paper will demonstrate that these advantages translate directly into improved retrieval performance for the routing problem. The Mirror DBMS uses the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval Hie99  , HK99. However  , accurately estimating these probabilities is difficult for generative probabilistic language modeling techniques. In general  , our work indicates the potential value of " teaching to the test " —choosing  , as the objective function to be optimized in the probabilistic model  , the metric used to evaluate the information retrieval system. The standard probabilistic retrieval model uses three basic parameters  Swanson  , 1974  , 1975: In particular  , instead of considering only the overall frequency characteristics of the terms  , one is interested in the term-occurrence properties in both the relevant and the nonrelevant items with respect to some query. Researchers explicitly attempted to model word occurrences in relevant and nonrelevant classes of documents  , and used their models to classify the document into the more likely class. Our contributions are:  Presenting a novel probabilistic opinion retrieval model that is based on proximity between opinion lexicons and query terms. The vector space model as well as probabilistic information retrieval PIR models 4  , 28  , 29 and statistical language models 14 are very successful in practice. Unsupervised topic modeling has been an area of active research since the PLSA method was proposed in 17 as a probabilistic variant of the LSA method 9  , the approach widely used in information retrieval to perform dimensionality reduction of documents. Specifically  , in this work we employ the SkipGram algo- rithm 25 which learns word embedding in an unsupervised way by optimizing the vector similarity of each word to context words in a small window around its occurrences in a large corpus. Traditional IR probabilistic models  , such as the binary independence retrieval model 11  , 122 focus on relevance to queries. In each set of experiments presented here  , best scores in each metric are highlighted in bold whereas italic values are those better than TF*IDF baseline scores. Relevance measurements were integrated within a probabilistic retrieval model for reranking of results. 10 on desktop search  , which includes document query-likelihood DLM  , the probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S and the interpolation of DLM and PRM-S PRM-D. In the second model  , which we call the " Direct Retrieval " model  , we take each text query and compute the probability of generating a member of the feature vocabulary. It is a probabilistic model that considers documents as binary vectors and ranks them in order of their probability of relevance given a query according to the Probability Ranking Principle 2. We explain the PRM-S model in the following section. The linkage weighting model based on link frequency can substantially and stably improve the retrieval performances. For page retrieval  , these annotation probability distributions are averaged over all images that occur in a page  , thus creating a language model of the page. The initial thresholds are set to a large multiple of the probability of selecting the query from a random document. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . Figure 5shows the interpolated precision scores for the top 20 retrieved page images using 1-word queries. One of the main reasons why the probabilistic model bas not been widely accepted is; pemaps  , due to its computational complexity. Figure 4shows that this yields a much better ordering than the original probabilistic annotation  , even better than the direct retrieval model for high ranks. As boolean retrieval is in widespread use in practice  , there are attempts to find a combination with probabilistic ranking procedures. We learned 3 the mapping of 300  , 000 words to a 100-dimension embedded space over a corpus consisting of 7.5 million Web queries  , sampled randomly from a query log.