Finally  , an average relevance score over a set of empirical threshold values triggered a tweet to be sent to the matching user for Task A within a few seconds after the tweet was originally created. Results. In both systems large aggregations  , which often include large sort operations are widespread . Time series similarity search under the Euclidean metric is heavily I/O bound  , however similarity search under DTW is also very demanding in terms of CPU time. In case of fielded search users can search for pictures by expressing restrictions on the owner of the pictures  , the location where they were taken  , their title  , and on the textual description of the pictures. an external sort deals with memory shortages by initiating a merge step that fits the remaining memory. The occurrence of sub-itemsets in the search space is a threat when answer completeness is required. Regarding the amount of relevance of each term to the each section  , its importance for the document is evaluated. Then  , it analyzes the available indexes and returns one or more candidate physical plans for the input sub-query. The actual splitting of the original target page is performed by creating the new right sibling as an exact copy of the page and then removing the unnecessary entries from both pages with the remove interface function. For each node  , add the costs computed by the two dijkstra searches. We further propose a method to optimize such a problem formulation within the standard stochastic gradient descent optimization framework. Surprisingly  , they did not find any significant variation in the way users examine search results on large and small displays. If a crawl is started from a single seed  , then the order in which pages will be crawled tends to be similar to a breadth first search through the link graph 27 the crawl seldom follows pure breadth first order due to crawler requirements to obey politeness and robots restrictions . In addition   , it also demotes the general question which was ranked at the 8th position  , because it is not representative of questions asking product aspects. However  , Grimson lo has shown that in the gencpal case  , where spurious m e a surements can arise  , the amount of search needed to find the hest interpretation is still exponential. We explore tag-tag semantic relevance in a tag-specific manner. The likelihood function for the t observations is: Let t be the number of capture occasions observations  , N be the true population size  , nj be the number of individuals captured in the j th capture occasion  , Mt+1 be the number of total unique dividuals caught during all occasions  , p be the probability of an individual robot being captured and fj be the number of robots being observed exactly j times j < t. Consider the case in which a recursive member function accesses the same data as a new attribute. In order to implement this principle  , we would first parse the abstract to identify complete facts: the right semantic terms plus the right relationship among them  , as specified in the query topic. While our method of analyzing procedures has been motivated by the desire to Rave no restrictions on storage sharing and to proceed with minimal a-priori specifications about the program  , it allows us to model such language features as generic modes  , procedLre variables  , parameters of type procedure  , a simulated callby-name parameter mechanism and a user-accessible evaluating function. We extended the LDF client 2 with the CyCLaDEs model presented in Sect. Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. Given a query with context  , the proposed model would return a response—which has the highest overall merged ranking score F. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema. 8 Merge creates a key which is the union of the keys of its inputs  , and preserves both functional dependencies that hold of its inputs. They create their own collections by simply giving a MC that characterizes their information needs and do not provide any indication about which are the ISs that store these documents. Join indexes can now be fully described. Since the objective − log py decomposes into the sum of the negative log marginals  , we can use stochastic gradient descent with respect to users for training with GPFM. After extracting the semantic features  , we need to represent those features in a proper format so that it is convenient to calculate the relevance between tweets and profiles. However  , once M reaches 0.6 MBytes  , all three in-memory sorting methods produce fewer runs than the number of available buffers; thus  , there can be no further reduction in the number of merge steps until M grows to 20 MBytes  , at which point there will he a sudden drop in response time because it will then be possihlc IO sort the entire relation all at once in memory. In order to follow the edges in one direction in time  , we treat the edges between topic nodes as directed edges. On the second task  , our model demonstrates that previous state-of-the-art retrieval systems can benefit from using our deep learning model. So MinP ts must be large enough to distinguish noise and clusters. Second problem is that the model is more aggressive towards relevance due to the bias in the training dataset extracted from Mechanical Turk 80% Relevant class and 20% Non- Relevant. The parameter is determined using the following likelihood function: The center corresponds to the location where the word appears most frequently. BCDRW requires three inputs: a normalized adjacency matrix W  , a normalized probability distribution d that encodes the prior ranking  , and a dumpling factor λ that balances the two. In general  , a likelihood function is a function which is used to measure the goodness of fit of a statistical model to actual data. This is reflected in Table 6: as the bug-fix threshold increases  , the random AUCEC scores increase as well. call this distributed out-of-core sort. Such queries often consist of query-by-example or query-by-sketch 14. 1 We also extend this approach to the history-rewrite vector space to encourage rewrite set cohesiveness by favoring rewrites with high similarity to each other. When memory is released and there are multiple sorts waiting  , we must decide which sort to wake up. Nonetheless  , the log-merge method does significantly improve result-set merging performance relative to a straightforward sort operation on relevance scores. To verify our intuition  , we implemented an inspection mechanism to detect nearly-sorted tuples. Formally  , assume that we have a set U of unreachable atomic propositions. Alternative solutions to this challenging problem were explored using a " Figure 1: Example of a PMR query and its relevant technote like " competition  , where several different research and development teams within IBM have explored various retrieval approaches including those that employ both state-of-theart and novel QA  , NLP  , deep-learning and learning-to-rank techniques. For each correct answer  , we replaced the return variable  ?uri in the case of the QALD-2 SELECT queries by the URI of the answer  , and replaced all other URIs occurring in the query by variables  , in order to retrieve all triples relevant for answering the query 10 . However  , the problem of optimizing nested queries considering parameter sort orders is significantly different from the problem of finding the optimal sort orders for merge joins. As long as the inspection likelihood function Ir is monotonically nonincreasing  , the expected cumulative score of visited pages is maximized when pages are always presented to users in descending order of their true score SWp  , q. During the sorting phase  , tuples in a relation are first sorted into multiple ~~172s according to a certain sort key Knu73.  We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. Therefore  , one often gets a whole interval of numbers n where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value; in some cases  , one even gets a union of non-adjacent intervals . We use fixed-point iteration to solve this mutually recursive equation . Our Foursquare dataset consisted of all checkins from 2011 and 2012 except December 2012 aggregated in 20 minutes bins by category and urban area. For each query reformulation pair  , we calculated the change of search performance measured by nDCG@10 and the similarity of results measured by the Jaccard similarity for the pair of queries' top 10 results. One of the early influential work on diversification is that of Maximal Marginal Relevance MMR presented by Carbonell and Goldstein in 5. bring the two parts to distinguishable states. However  , it is never Copyright is held by the International World Wide Web Conference Committee IW3C2. Sine~ each node consists of only 24 bytes and the top-down search is closer to a depth-first search than a breadth-first search  , the amount of space required by the hierarchy n·odes is not excessive. We present experimental results demonstrating that using the proposed method  , we can achieve better similarly results among temporal queries as compared to similarity obtained by using other temporal similarity measures efficiently and effectively. We compared the resulting ranking to the set of input rankings. In other words  , we do not carry out any comparison-based global sort or global merge at the host site. The groups of hits were ranked based on the Panoptic rank of their top document; the Panoptic ranks were also used to sort hits within each group. When ς=1  , then the objective function yields themes which are smoothed over the participant co-occurrence graph. Extensive works on similarity search have been proposed to find good data-aware hash functions using machine learning techniques.  Based on a manipulation of the original similarity matrix it is shown how optimum methods for hash-based similarity search can be derived in closed retrieval situations Subsection 3.3. Deep learning approaches generalize the distributional word matching problem to matching sentences and take it one step further by learning the optimal sentence representations for a given task. First  , the number of positive examples would put a lower bound on the mini-batch size. We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. Based on the assumption that users prefer those tweets related to the profile and popular in social media  , we consider social attributes as follow  ,  Then  , the semantic score and quality score are utilized to evaluate the relevance and quality of a tweet for a certain profile. The " single data-multiple query " composite tuple Figure 10b can be used in conjunction with the sort-merge join based approach to apply the composite tuple to the Data SteM. Similarity indexing has uses in many web applications such as search engines or in providing close matches for user queries. These hashing methods try to encode each data example by using a small fixed number of binary bits while at the same time preserve the similarity between data examples as much as possible. CyCLaDEs aims at discovering and connecting dynamically LDF clients according to their behaviors. It is the latter capability that allows us to define aggregate functions simply. The Collection Service described here has been experimented so far in two DL systems funded by the V Framework Programme  , CYCLADES IST-2000-25456 and SCHOLNET IST-1999-20664  , but it is quite general and can be applied to many other component-based DL architectural frameworks. Given a descriptor and a distance measure  , users are allowed to search for data objects not only by similarity of the annotation  , but also by similarity of content. When a document d and a query q are given  , the ranking function 1 is the posterior probability that the document multinomial language model generated query5. To be efficient and scalable  , Frecpo prunes the futile branches and narrows the search space sharply. However  , using deep learning for temporal recommendation has not yet been extensively studied. Using a data structure which maintains the edges in the sorted order of edgeIDs  , the redundant edge elimination step can be implemented using a sort-merge based scheme. For each public user  , we first counted the number of protected mutual neighbours as well as the ratio of protected to all mutual neighbours. Many researchers recognize that even exams tend to evaluate surface learning   , and that deep learning is not something that would surface until long after a course has finished 5 . As a second step  , we propose an efficient search procedure on the resulting PLA index to answer similarity queries without introducing any false dismissals. The sorted data items in these buffers are next merge-sorted into a single run and written to disk along with the tags. Here it is : This first proposition is a syntactically correct program  , but semantically it presents some difficulties : -I at the recursive call  , N is not modified rule I. In this section  , we will focus our attention on the techniques we have devised to optimize navigation over massive Web graphs. As to optimizing functions  , most of existing optimization techniques 6  , 7 treat functions simply as externally defined black boxes accompanying some semantic information. We assume that a breadth-first search is performed over these top ranked invocations. This " 3 ,000 page window " was decided for practical reasons. For each top ranked search result  , they performed a limited breadth first search and found that searching to a distance of 4 resulted in the best performance. This property gets pushed down to Sort and then Merge. Since there is no closed-form solution for maximizing the likelihood with respect to its parameters  , the maximization has to be performed numerically. In other words  , we have shown that the iterative program computes an extension of the function computed by our recursive program  , rather that the exact same function. Since only foreign keys that meet the ÑÑÒ ×ÙÔÔ condition are kept in the join node  , no redundant join is performed. After sorting   , the join computation at the next level can then start based on the ordered indexes. Because of this  , any estimate for which falls outside of this range is quite unlikely  , and it is reasonable to remove all such solutions from consideration by choosing appropriate bounds. The previous study in 8 seeks to discover hidden schema model for query interfaces on deep Web. We have presented the new query language XIRQL which integrates all these features  , and we have described the concepts that are necessary in order to arrive at a consistent model for XML retrieval. Unlike the univariate approach  , the tuning of covariance matrix Q has an exponential search space  , since we need to simultaneously set all diagonal elements. The hash-based search paradigm has been applied with great success for the following tasks: Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Our new approach borrows the idea of iDistance and the corresponding B + -tree indexes. The transformed domain ¯ D and the similarity s can be used to perform approximate similarity search in place of the domain D and the distance function d. Figure 1c shows the similarity  , computed in the transformed space  , of the data objects from the query object. We have thus demonstrated how the Kolmogorov- Smirnov Test may be used in identifying the proportion of features which are significantly different within two data samples. The likelihood function for this sensor is modeled like the lane sensor by enumerating two modes of detection: µ s1 and µ s2 . The data contained in a single power spectrum for example figure  1 is generally modeled by a K dimensional joint probability density function pdf  , Signal detection is typically formulated as a likelihood of signal presence versus absence  , which is then compared to a threshold value. OVERLAP does the allocation using a heuristic of traversing the search tree in a breadth-first order  , giving priority to cuboids with smaller partition sizes  , and cuboids with longer attribute lists. Based on these inputs  , the inverted files are searched for words that have features that correspond to the features of the search key and each word gets a feature score based on its similarity to the search key. cur i u can be viewed as a curiousness score mapped from an item's stimulus on the curiosity distribution. On the other hand  , the relevance graph shows that here the semantic search gives high ranks to the relevant documents. In this paper  , we discuss a new method for conceptual similarity search for text using word-chaining which admits more efficient document-to-document similarity search than the standard inverted index  , while preserving better quality of results. Therefore  , the AUCEC scores of a random selection method under full credit will depend on the underlying distribution of bugs: large bugs are detected with a high likelihood even when inspecting only a few lines at random  , whereas small bugs are unlikely to be detected when inspecting 5% of lines without a good selection function. The fact that full search achieves higher nDCG scores than pre-search confirms the successful re-ordering that takes place in full search based on pairwise entity-based similarity computation. But performance is a problem if dimensionality is high. Given a search results D  , a visual similarity graph G is first constructed. We use a TRIE representation of variablelength character strings to avoid readjusting comparison starting points. During prediction  , we explore multiple paths  , depending on the prediction of the MetaLabeler  , using either depth-first or breadth-first search. Any objects that are reached during the traversal are considered live and added to the tempLive set. Using such data presentation i.e. Caching is performed at regular intervals to reflect the dynamic nature of the database. To maximize the overall log likelihood  , we can maximize each log likelihood function separately. The tripwise LTD file records are indexes of consolidated stoppages made during trips. We then found the parameter values that maximized the likelihood function above. Semantic relevance. We will show that categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach returns better result than not-categorized  , not-weighted approaches. Instance learning approaches exploit regularities available in Deep Web pages in terms of DOM structures for detecting data records and their data items. Obviously there is a lot of overhead in carrying around intermediate XML fragments. Unlike pure hill-climbing  , MPA in DAFFODIL uses a node list as in breadth-first search to allow backtracking  , such that the method is able to record alternative  " secondary " etc. Similarity search Similarity searches return documents with chemical formulae with similar structures as the query formula  , i.e. To compute the signal parameter vector w  , we need a likelihood function integrating signals and w. As discussed in §2  , installed apps may reflect users' interests or preferences. Dissallowing any function symbols such a recursive Horn clause will have the form This means that we have a single recursive Horn clause and the recursive predicate appears in the antecedent only once. for which the discontinuities only remain for the case of deep penetrations. Additionally  , we report the results from a recent deep learning system in 38 that has established the new state-of-the-art results in the same setting. At this point the start position information is used to determine whether the segments occur in the correct order within the protein and if the proper gap constraints between them are met. Initially  , the cosine similarity of an initial recommendation to the positive profile determined the ranking. By following the path with the minimum cost  , the robot is guided to the nearest accessible unknown region. The techniques proposed in this work fall into two categories. Thus  , in this section  , we discuss the actor similarity module and the implementation of the SNDocRank module. Since LIME reports the tree traversal is imbalanced  , this suggests that the tree itself is imbalanced. The Contextual Suggestion TREC Track investigates search techniques for complex information needs that are highly dependent on context and user interests. With this parameterization of λt  , maximum-likelihood estimates of model parameters can be numerically calculated efficiently no closed form exists due to the integral term in Equation 6. directly applied traditional hashing methods for similarity search  , and significant speedup e.g. In the next section we introduce a novel graph-based measure of semantic similarity. To determine the amount of paging disk I/OS acceptable for a hash join  , it should be considered that paging I/OS are random acesses on the paging disk  , while file I/OS of sort/merge and hybrid joins have sequential access patterns. The final feature vector representation of the onset signature is constructed as follows  , by attaching mean and max values to the histogram: That is  , our hierarchical histogram is constructed by applying our recursive function until it reaches the level l. In our experiments  , l = 3 gave us good results. The deep learning features outperform other features for the one-per-user and user-mix settings but not the user-specific setting. Since the number of parameters is large and there are tremendous amount of training data  , we use stochastic gradient descent SGD to learn the model  , since it is proven to be scalable and effective. This is achieved by identifying the vertices that are located at the " center " of weighted similarity graph. " We believe that such an implementation would slightly outperform MPBSM. QLQ  , A + sub achieves significant better results than all the other systems do at 0.01 level for all evaluation metrics  , except for bigram-ROUGE precision score when b = 50 and TFIDF cosine similarity score when b = 100. Yet we still compare LSSH to CHMIS to verify the ability of LSSH to promote search performance by merging knowledge from heterogeneous data sources. We introduce the recent work on applications of deep learning to IR tasks. We also assume that the host extracts tuples from the communication messages and returns them to the application program. After receiving N search results from high ranking  , Similarity Analyzer calculates the similarity  , defined in 2.4  , between the seed-text and search result Web pages. The sort-merge scmi ,join methods SSSRI and PSSM rcqulrc a similar numher of' disk acccsscs. The necessary probability values for sim Resnik and sim Lin have been calculated based on SAWSDL-TC  , i.e. In summary  , our variant of mergesort has three phases: an in-buffer sort phase which sorts data within a buffer  , an in-memory merge phase which produces runs by merging sorted buffers  , and an external merge phase which merges sorted runs. The sort-and-merge includes sorting hash tables  , writing them to temporary run-files and merging the run-files into the final XML document. Our techniques highlight the importance of low-level computer vision features and demonstrate the power of certain semantic features extracted using deep learning. In other words  , it would never be computationally possible to apply a semantic relevance check to millions of components. This method is well suited for real time tracking applications. To the best' of our knowledge  , currently systems implement band joins using eitfher nested loops or sort.-merge. In Section 6  , we show state of the art results on two practical problems  , a sample of movies viewed by a few million users on Xbox consoles  , and a binarized version of the Netflix competition data set. This reduces the number of input runs for subsequent merge steps  , thereby making them less vulnerable to memory fluctuations. The mapping is defined as follows: Using the mappings from Section 4.3  , we can now follow the approach of 4 and define a recursive mapping function T which takes a DL axiom of the form C D  , where C is an L b -class and D is an L h -class  , and maps it into an LP rule of the form A ← B. In the chemical domain similarity search is centered on chemical entities. To tame this exponential growth  , we use a beam search heuristic: in each iteration  , we save only the best β number of ungrounded rules and pass them to the next iteration. Figure 3shows the scalability of All-Significant-Pairs and LiveSet-Driven with respect to various gradient thresholds . the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. c Learning on unlocked table: robot correctly estimates a mass and friction that reproduce the observed trajectory. For instance  , SAGE 28  uses a generational-search strategy in combination with simple heuristics  , such as flip count limits and constraint subsumption.  We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. Broad match candidates for a query were generated by calculating cosine similarity between the query vector and all ad vectors. Thus  , the interval estimate ep is given a high confidence level for the running example. This was not so clear about our application in the relevance part of semantic data – in the form of the lexicon of referential equivalents. In our approaches  , we propose four semantic features. The use of Bing's special search operators was not evaluated at all. In this graph  , subsequent actions are connected  , and TransferReceive / TransferSend actions are additionally connected to each other's subsequent actions. These quality measures were derived by observing the workflow of a domain expert using the example of but not limited to the field of chemistry. In this way  , at each point the node being inserted will become the rightmost leaf node in T after insertion. Similarity search in metric spaces focuses on supporting queries  , whose purpose is to retrieve objects which are similar to a query point  , when a metric distance function dist measures the objects dissimilarity. where F is a function designed to penalize model complexity   , and q represents the number of features currently included in the model at a given point. Usually  , interesting orders are on the join column of a future join  , the grouping attributes from the group by clause  , and the ordering attributes from the order by clause. Figure 7shows clearly that CyCLaDEs is able to build two clusters for both values of profile size. First  , we have designed an ontology specific for personal photos from 10 ,000 active users in Flickr. Can we use some sort of task lattice or tree  , to represent and interface the distributed tasks underway towards goals and subgoals ? index join  , nested loops join  , and sort-merge join are developed and used to compare the average plan execution costs for the different query tree formats. But  , on the other hand  , we have exploited some internal mechanisms of EXPRESS  , namely the indexing with most specific terms and the automatic recursive term expansion described in Chapter 4  , in order to achieve an elegant partial solution. We refer to this kind of function inlining as structural function inlining. The predictor pops the top structure off of the queue and tries to extend it using the substantiator. To meet that goal  , we analyze the questions in QALD and WebQuestions and find most of them the detail statistics are also on our website mentioned above can be categorized to special patterns shown in Table 2. The semantic types used in the current system were determined entirely by inspection. for some nonnegative function T . Ranked query evaluation is based on the notion of a similarity heuristic  , a function that combines observed statistical properties of a document in the context of a collection and a query  , and computes a numeric score indicating the likelihood that the document is an answer to the query. For QALD-4 dataset  , it was observed that 21 out of 24 queries with their variations were correctly fitted in NQS. In that case  , the complexity of the problem can be analyzed along the number of semantic paths retrieved Similar heuristics to those discussed in the first approach that use context to prune paths based on degree of relevance can also be used here. Without Indices  , university INGRES used a nested loops join in which the storage structure of a copy of the inner relation is converted to a hashed organization before the join is initiated Commercial INGRES used primarily sort-merge join techniques. If the precomputations would have to be run often  , we suggest not using the precomputations and instead running the Dijkstra search in AFTERGOAL with an unsorted array Section IV-B.1. The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α. The main contribution of this paper is a novel Self-Taught Hashing STH approach to semantic hashing for fast similarity search. In the M step  , we treat all the variables in Θ as parameters and estimate them by maximizing the likelihood function. There are roughly three categories of approaches: volume-based approaches  , feature-based approaches  , and interactive approaches. We now augment the sort merge outerjoin with compression shown in Figure 1 . An estimate of the total number of edges by the present authors suggests there are around 7 billion edges in the present social graph. We compared the precision of QR implemented on top of three major search engines and saw that relevance can be affected by low recall for long queries; in fact  , precision decays as a function of low recall. As the experiment progresses from Fig. For SJSI\4  , the two relations are each sorted al their local sites first IO increase parallelism. Based on this prediction  , we propose a semantic relevance calculation on categorized interpretations. The mapped functions embed as much type information as possible into their function bodies from the given query. First  , we want to point out that hash-based similarity search is a space partitioning method. In sum  , we have theoretically and empirically demonstrated the convergence of IMRank. When setting the speed-up factor to 1.0  , we obtain the number of updates denoted by MaxUpdates up to which the multiple application of IncrementalDBSCAN for each update is more efficient than the single application of DBSCAN to the whole updated database. Sort-merge duplicate elimination also divides the input relation  , but uses physical memory loads as the units of division. So we can do sort merge join directly on the coded join columns  , without decoding them first. This is done via a large number of line search optimizations in the hyperparameter space using the GPML package's minimi ze function from hundreds of random seed points  , including the best hyperparameter value found in a previous fit. We can use machine translation to translate contexts and citations and get two views Chinese-Chinese  , For monolingual context and citations Chinese-Chinese or English-English  , we adopt Supervised Semantic Index SSI 19 to model their relevance score. Such queries are very frequent in a multitude of applications including a multimedia similarity search on images  , audio  , etc. A serious consequence of such an overly simplified assumption of a document's relevance quality to a given query is that the model's generalization capability is limited: one has to collect a large number of such query-document pairs to obtain a confident estimate of relevance. In this respect  , blog feed search bears some similarity to resource ranking in federated search. To make our problem simpler both from an analytical and a numerical standpoint  , we work with the natural logarithm of the likelihood function: Now  , we can try to solve the optimization problem formulated by Equation 7. reduction of error  , e.g. The combined query likelihood model with submodular function yields significantly better performance on the TV dataset for both ROUGE and TFIDF cosine similarity metrics. The next step is to choose a set of cuboids that can be computed concurrently within the memory constraints . After we sort the succeeding samples at each node in the tree  , the last several branches are likely to be pruned by strategy 3 because they contain only those samples that have the least increase in coverage. However  , for most practical problems  , solutions are easier to find and such search is not neces- sary. In this paper we present the architecture of XMLSe a native XML search engine that allows both structure search and approximate content match to be combined with In the first case structure search capabilities are needed  , while in the second case we need approximate content search sometime also referred as similarity search. Viola and Jones 20  , 21 In recent years  , deep learning arouses academia and industrial attentions due to its magic in computer vision. Concluding remarks are offered in Section 4. A candidate path is located when an entity from the forward frontier matches an entity from the reverse frontier. Our work on HAWK however also revealed several open research questions  , of which the most important lies in finding the correct ranking approach to map a predicate-argument tree to a possible interpretation. As specified above  , when an unbiased model is constructed  , we estimate the value of μs for each session. If not  , what initial ranking corresponds to a better result ? Sort bufler size is the size of a data buffer for inmemory sort/merge. It is then straightforward to show that the behavior of the model is preserved after replacing each loop by a call to its corresponding anonymous recursive function. As the length of a semantic path gets longer  , the relevance between the source and the destination decreases. Although presented as a ranking problem  , they use binary classification to rank the related concepts. The MSN Search crawler discovers new pages using a roughly breadth-first exploration policy  , and uses various importance estimates to schedule recrawling of already-discovered pages. Efficient implementations for commonly used similarity metrics are readily available  , so that the computational effort for search and retrieval of similar products has little impact on the efficiency of this approach. l A split situation is in general the more expensive case because theparts of the cluster to be split actually have to be discovered. Therefore the ad search engine performs similarity search in the vector space with a long query and relatively short ad vectors. Section 3 describes the general approach of CyCLaDEs. Additionally  , we note that a catalog of occurrences of glyphs can in itself be interesting  , for example to date or attribute printed works 2. Taking an approach that does not require such conditions  , Lawrence & Giles performed a local search on a collection formed by downloading all documents retrieved by the source search engines 2. But in search engine such as Google  , the search results are not questions. The postcondition assertion method pops the stack and  , based on the recorded outcome of the precondition  , it evaluates the appropriate postcondition. Similarity search in metric spaces has received considerable attention in the database research community 6  , 14  , 20. Each term is mapped to a synset in WordNet and a breadth-first search along WordNet relations identifies related synsets. These services include structured sequential files  , B' tree indices  , byte stream files as in UNIX  , long data items  , a sort utility  , a scan mechanism  , and concurrency control based on file and page lock- ing. Focused crawling  , on the other hand  , attempts to order the URLs that have been discovered to do a " best first " crawl  , rather than the search engine's " breadth-first " crawl. " The default  , built-in similarity function checks for case-insensitive string equality with a threshold equal to 1. Thus they push relevant DRs from the result list. Although our technique is designed with a focus on document-todocument similarity queries  , the techniques are also applicable to the short queries of search engines. In our application of DBSCAN  , all the terms in documents were tokenized  , stemmed using Porter stemmer  , and stopwords were removed. Unfortunately  , there is not an easily computed metric that provides a direct correlation between syntactic and semantic changes in a Web page For instance  , there is no clear relationship between the number of bytes changed and the relevance of the change to the reader. While performing the decorrelation of NOT IN queries we assumed the availability of sort-merge anti-join. Generalised search engines that seek to cover as much proportion of the web as possible usually implement a breadth-first BRFS or depth-first A. Rauber et al. The geometric mean has a nice interpretation as the reciprocal of the average likelihood of the dataset being generated by the model  , assuming that the individual samples are i.i.d. The learned parameter can be then used to estimate the relevance probability P s|q k  for any particular aspect of a new user query. The cosine similarity metric based on the vector space model has been widely used for comparing similarity between search query and document in the information retrieval literature Salton et al. The derivation of the gradient and the Hessian of the log-likelihood function are described below specifically for the SO3 manifold. It follows that transformation of SDM into FSDM increases the importance of bigram matches  , which ultimately improves the retrieval performance  , as we will demonstrate next. In some review data sets  , external signals about sentiment polarities are directly available. On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. Figure 1depicts the architecture of our semantic search approach. Later in 2  , polynomial semantic indexing PSI is performed by learning two low-rank mapping matrices in a learning to rank framework  , and then a polynomial model is considered to measure the relevance between query and document. It first understands the NL query by extracting phrases and labeling them as resource  , relation  , type or variable to produce a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG. Then  , we navigate in a breadth-first search manner through this classification. We maximize this likelihood function to estimate the value of μs. This method assumes that pages near the starting URLs have a high chance of being relevant. These modifications are very simple but are not presented here due to space limitations. In this case  , as the second approach  , we should define a more generic structurally recursive function. The organization of this paper is described as follows . unary operators including sequential scan  , index scan and clustered index scan ; l binary operators including nested join  , index join and sort-merge join ; . In general  , in the worst case we would need to look at all possible subsets of triples an exponential search space even for the simplest queries. Links are explored from the starting page in breadth-first search using order of discovery for links at the same depth. All those applications indicate the importance and wide usage of a graph model and its accompanied similarity measure sheds some light on similar search issues with respect to implicit structure similarity upon Chinese Web. The proposed model is fitted by optimizing the likelihood function in an iterative manner. This is especially important  , since the search space is exponential and the number of MDS patterns present in the data may also be very large. So in conclusion  , structural similarity search seems to be the best way for general users to search for mathematical expressions  , but we hypothesize that pattern search may be the preferred approach for experienced users in specific domains. The results of fitting the heteroscedastic model in the data can be viewed below  , > summarylme2 Apart from the random and fixed effects section  , there is a Variance function section. How to measure the similarity of events or road condition ? We used term vectors constructed from the ASR text for allowing similarity search based on textual content. However  , there may be applications where this assumption does not hold  , i.e. Specifically  , in this work  , we propose a multi-rate temporal deep learning model that jointly optimizes long-term and short-term user interests to improve the recommendation quality.  Deep Learning-to-Respond DL2R. use dynamic time warping with a cost function based on the log-likelihood of the sequence in question. This is done by querying DBpedia's SPARQL endpoint for concepts that have a relation with the given concept. In this work  , we propose a deep learning approach with a SAE model for mining advisor-advisee relationships. The mentorship dataset is collected from 16 famous universities such as Carnegie Mellon and Stanford in the field of computer science. This equivalent is added to the output meta-model instance. QR  , using a highly tuned semantic engine  , can attain high relevance. Another cause for materialization is backward navigation that cannot be transformed into forward navigation. The chain search of related content is done by computing similarity between the selected result and all other content based on the integrated indices. Since local similarity search is a crucial operation in querying biological sequences  , one needs to pay close to the match model. Note that although the current version of NL-Graphs has been tested with DBpedia  , it can be easily configured to query other datasets. The first phase divides the dataset into a set of partitions. During this search  , we check that the newly introduced transfer does not induce a cycle of robots waiting for each other by performing breadth first search on the graph formed by the robot's plans. Six different images were shown to the participant for each topic  , the images varied for each combination of size and relevance  , for that topic. A well equipped and powerful system should be able to compare the content of the abstracts regarding their semantics  , i.e. In particular  , a definite effect was observed for RTs typically less than for hierarchical traversal. Since the Razumikhin func­ tion can be constructed easily and the additional re­ striction for the system is not required in the pro­ posed recursive design  , an asymptotically stabilizing controller can be explicitly constructed. Section 4 defines CyCLaDEs model. When an item is inserted in the FP-tree  , sort the items in contingency weight ascending order. The above likelihood function can then be maximized with respect to its parameters. They noted that optimization of the conditional likelihood function is computationally infeasible due to the complexity of structure search. However  , it requires the setting of two parameters: DBSCAN does not require the definition a-priori of the number of clusters to extract. Given the overall goal of achieving a high recall  , we then analyzed the documents with high similarity for additional noun phrases that must be used to for the next iteration of the search. Autonomous Motion Department at the Max-Planck- Institute for Intelligent Systems  , Tübingen  , Germany Email: first.lastname@tue.mpg.de for some subsets of data points separating postives from negatives may be easy to achieve  , it generally can be very hard to achieve this separation for all data points. Unlike the simple crawlers behind most general search engines which collect any reachable Web pages in breadth-first order  , focused crawlers try to " predict " whether or not a target URL is pointing to a relevant and high-quality Web page before actually fetching the page. In this paper  , we discussed a new method for conceptual indexing and similarity search of text. where u  , i denote pairs of citing-cited papers with non-zero entries in C. In experiments  , we used stochastic gradient descent to minimize Eq. 2 The loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model 18   , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. We validated this principle in a quite different context involving combination of the topical and the semantic dimensions 29. 1 sort the attribute-based partition  , compressing if possible 2 build a B-Tree like index which consists of pointers beginning and end to the user-specified category boundaries for the attribute. The experiments reported used a breadth first search till maximum depth 3 using the words falling in the synsets category. Task T k loads the assigned partition P k and produces an inverted index to be used during the partition-wise comparison. The resulting point cloud is a smooth continuous surface with all outliers removed. The runtime of Dijkstra significantly increases  , as the number of services per task increases. The breadth-first search implies that density-connections with the minimum number of objects requiring the minimum number of region queries are detected first. We used the GNU sort application the " sort merge "  on the relevance scores in the domain result sets for a topic as a baseline merge application to merge the results into a single ranked list. However  , after a large number of Web pages are fetched  , breadth-first search starts to lose its focus and introduces a lot of noise into the final collection. This chaining method passes label information between classifiers  , allowing CC to take into account label correlations and thus overcoming the label independence problem. It is also possible that some relevant documents may be retrieved by document-document similarity only and not via query-document similarity. For now  , for the problem at hand  , we will illustrate how with CSN we can direct the ACM Digital Library to recognize the two separate occurrences of Rüger's as one with the Firstname action. Their methods automatically estimate the scaling parameter s  , by selecting the fit that minimizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS D − statistic. Therefore  , when the likelihood of a region x in a test image is computed  , concepts whose pdf's were estimated from " similar looking " vectors rt will have high a posteriori probability 6. image regions rt from all images labeled with c contribute to the estimate of the probability density function pdf f x|c. performs a global translation  , rather than a recursive one as in the previous cases  , in which case the Decendents function returns the empty set. They use this model to generate a set of weights for terms from past queries  , terms from intermediate ranked lists and terms from clicked documents  , yielding an alternative representation of the last query in a session. Due to its exponential complexity  , exhaustive search is only feasible for very simple queries and is implemented in few research DBMSs  , mainly for performance comparison purposes. Therefore  , integrating similarity queries in a fully relational approach  , as proposed in this paper  , is a fundamental step to allow the supporting of complex objects as " first class citizens " in modern database management systems. Popular email applications like Google Inbox 4  and Thun- derbird 6 display search results by relevance. We estimated 2s + 1 means  , but assumed that all of the output functions shared a common covariance matrix. Then the Hilbert value ranges delineated by successive pairs of end marker values in the sorted list have the prop erty that they are fully contained within one block at each level of each participating tree. Here  , the common change in all plans across the switch-point is that the hash-join between relations PART and PARTSUPP is replaced by a sort-merge-join. Notice that both measures are hard to compute over massive graphs: naive personalization would require on the fly power iteration over the entire graph for a user query; naive SimRank computation would require power iteration over all pairs of vertices. While we might be able to justify the assumption that documents arrive randomly   , the n-grams extracted from those documents clearly violate this requirement. Essentially  , an interface to a bi-directional weakly connected graph that is transparently generated as the programmer works. Thus  , we employ a block coordinate descent method  , using a standard gradient descent procedure to maximize the likelihood with respect to w or s or T . Further  , each predicate is annotated with an access method; i.e. Some connectivity-based metrics  , such as Kleinberg's al- gorithm 8  , consider only remote links  , that is  , links between pages on different hosts. Finally  , Yahoo built a visual similarity-based interactive search system  , which led to more refined product recommendations 8. The " Find-sub-query " call on the merge-combine node is slightly different than on a normal combine node. The total number of operations is also proportional to this term because this query can be best run using Sort- Merge joins by always storing the histograms and the auxiliary relations in sorted order. Link types extracted include straight HREF constructs  , area and image maps  , and Javascript constants. Once the relevant pictograms are selected  , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. Our approach differs in three ways: our method for finding the internal grasp force can be carried on efficiently during the computation of the robot dynamics 9; we use a penalty-based optimization rather than a potentially exponential search; and we deal directly with the frictional constraints  , which requires knowing or estimating only the coefficient of kinetic friction between the fin ers and the grasped object. Users struggled to understand why the returned set lacked semantic relevance. The purpose of the calibrating database is to use it to calibrate the coefficients in the cost formulae for any given relational DBMS. Even this crawl was very time consuming  , especially when the crawler came across highly linked pages with thousands of in-and out-links e.g. Another widely used ranking function  , referred to as Occ L   , is defined by ranking terms according to their number of occurrences  , and breaking the ties by the likelihood. We compare four methods for identifying entity aspects: TF. IDF  , the log-likelihood ratio LLR 2  , parsimonious language models PLM 3 and an opinion-oriented method OO 5 that extracts targets of opinions to generate a topic-specific sentiment lexicon; we use the targets selected during the second step of this method. Figure 1  , the top location has a confidence of 1.0: In the past  , each time some programmer extended the fKeys array   , she also extended the function that sets the preference default values. Using an exponential distribution to accomplish a blending of time and language model Eq. They can be modelled by a probability density function indicating the likelihood that an object is located at a certain position cf. The following pairwise features can also be considered  , although they are not used in our experiments. Immediately  , however  , the problem arises of determining the similarity values of the query cluster representatives created in this way with each new Boolean search request formulation. Section 3 describes semantic relevance measure  , and categorization and weighting of interpretation words. Formally  , AICC = −2 lnL+2k n n−k+1   , where the hypothesis likelihood function   , L  , with k adjusted parameters shall be estimated from data assuming a prior distribution. Although the superiority of DTW over Euclidean distance is becoming increasing apparent 191835  , the need for similarity search which is invariant to uniform scaling is not well understood. b With learning  , using the full trajectory likelihood function: large error in final position estimate. The access paths in a 3NF DSS system are often dominated by large hash or sort-merge joins  , and conventional index driven joins are also common. mAP has shown especially good discriminative power and stability to evaluate the performance of similarity search. E.g. However  , semantic similarity neither implies nor is implied by structural similarity. We conducted the experiments on the click-through data from a real-world commercial search engine in which promising results show that term similarity does evolve from time to time and our semantic similarity model is effective in modelling the similarity information between queries. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 40 . In contrast   , the structural function inlining optimizes recursive functions to avoid useless evaluation over irrelevant fragments of data. In the experiment  , we used three datasets  , including both the publicly benchmark dataset and that obtained from a commercial search engine. More generally  , let I be the number of samples collected and the probability that an individual j is captured in sample i be pij. preliminary merge step. Our approach performs gradient descent using each sample as a starting point  , then computes the goodness of the result using the obvious likelihood function. Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos  , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. Since the confidence level is low  , the interval estimate is to be discarded. However  , the current state of the art is confirmed to be Flat-COTE and our next objective is to evaluate whether HIVE-COTE is a significant improvement. We studied two techniques to cluster data incrementally as it arrives  , one based on sort-merge and the other on hashing. The CWB computes the similarity-degrees of the title and/or subtitles through a breadth-first search because the title and subtitles are within a nested structure. This phenomenon suggests that we should give higher priority to the similarity information collected in smaller distances and rely on long-distance similarities only if necessary . As already pointed out  , our model for document similarity is based on a combination of geographic and temporal information to identify events. This is accomplished with the following recursive function. The work on diversification of search results has looked into similar objectives as ours where the likelihood of the user finding at least one result relevant in the result set forms the basis of the objective function. The role of this function is to force that reviewers who have collaborated on writing favorable reviews  , end up in the same cluster. In previous work we have shown how to use structural information to create enriched index pages 3 . It is easy to note that when ς=0  , then the objective function is the temporally regularized log likelihood as in equation 5. where the parameter ς controls the balance between the likelihood using the multinomial theme model and the smoothness of theme distributions over the participant graph. The original language modeling approach as proposed in 9 involves a two-step scoring procedure: 1 Estimate a document language model for each document; 2 Compute the query likelihood using the estimated document language model directly. Textual similarity between code snippets and the query is the dominant measure used by existing Internet-scale code search engines. Figure 2a shows the percent of different nodes in two successive iterations. One page less of memory will result in another merge step. The results of the rating question on relevance suggested that users believed the returned sets were not always semantically relevant. In this section  , we first theoretically prove the convergence of IMRank. There are many possible ways to represent a document for the purpose of supporting effective similarity search. We call such allowable plans MHJ plans. When dealing with a human figure  , the notion of naturalness will come into consideration. In order to build our recursive calculations  , we first find an expression for the joint accelerations as a function of the acceleration of the platform and the reaction efforts  , next we find an expression for the reaction efforts as a function of the acceleration of the platform and  , finally  , we find an expression of the acceleration of the platform. To demonstrate the usefulness of this novel language resource we show its performance on the Multilingual Question Answering over Linked Data challenge QALD-4 1 . This is a very important issue since if the rules were applied in an unordered and exhaustive manner there would be the problem of exponential explosion of the search space. In the case of discrete data the likelihood measures the probability of observing the given data as a function of θ θ θ. A person can observe the existence and configuration of another persons body directly  , however all aspects of other people's minds must be inferred from observing their behaviour together with other information. In this paper  , we formulate and evaluate this extended similarity metric. This differs from the simple-minded approach above  , where only a single starting pose is used for hill-climbing search  , and which hence might fail to produce the global maximum and hence the best map. QALD-2 has the largest number of queries with no performance differences  , since both FSDM and SDM fail to find any relevant results for 28 out of 140 queries from this fairly difficult query set. This approach has the advantage of not requiring any hand-coding but has the disadvantage of being very sensitive to the representational choices made by the source on the Semantic Web. Our models assume that the questions in the dataset can be grouped into K distinct clusters and that each cluster has a distinct relevance prediction model as well. This section explains our deep learning model for reranking short text pairs. According to the traditional content based similarity measurement  , " Job Search " and " Human Rescues " are not similar at all. Recursive splitting due to parent page overflows are handled in the same way. The video library interface used for the study was an enhanced version of the one used with TRECVID 2003 that achieved the bestranked interactive search performance at that time. In addition to simple keyword searches  , Woogle supports similarity search for web services. The greedy pattern represents the depth-first behavior  , and the breadth-like pattern aims to capture the breadth-first search behaviors. Many papers including 3  , 10  , 13  suggest such restriction for structural recursion . In addition  , only the bypass plan and the DNF-based plan can easily use a sort-merge implementation of the second join operator semijoin on Cwork . Next  , a top-down pass is made so that required order properties req are propagated downwards from the root of the tree. The earliest attempts of detecting structural similarity go back to computing tree-editing distances 29  , 30  , 32  , 34  , 36. The other three operators implement the similarity joins: Range Join  , k-Nearest Neigbors Join and k-Closest Neigbors Join 2. Although Codd advised the community to include an accurate paraphraseand-verify step 4  , it seems that developed systems seldom take this requirement seriously and instead simply translate the user's query to SQL  , applied it and then presented the answers  , perhaps along with the SQL. In case of similarity search  , the user can search by choosing a picture among those randomly proposed by the system. Similarity name search Similarity name searches return names that are similar to the query. This allowed us to perform bidirectional breadth first search to answer the connectivity question. Such representations can guide knowledge transfer from the source to the target domain. Similarly  , our investigation of the CHROME browser identified security  , portability  , reliability  , and availability as specific concerns. Then  , the ESA semantic interpreter will go through each text word  , retrieve corresponding entries in the inverted index  , and merge them into a vector of concepts that is ordered by their relevance to the input text. Which branching points are flipped next depends on the chosen search strategy  , such as depth-first search DFS or breadth-first search BFS. These conditions are easily checked  , but the exponential number of partitions m must be fairly large to allow decryption renders ex- haustive search impossible. They found that crawling in a breadth-first search order tends to discover high-quality pages early on in the crawl  , which was applied when the authors downloaded the experimental data set. Mukhopadyay et al. The evolution of the likelihood function Lθm with respect to the signal source location x s after n samples. On the flip side  , DBSCAN can be quite sensitive to the values of eps and MinPts  , and choosing correct values for these parameters is not that easy. When reaching this limit  , a sort converts to u5 ing multiple merge steps. Beam-search is a form of breadth-first search  , bounded both in width W and depth D. We use parameters D = 4 to find descriptions involving at most 4 conjunctions  , and W = 10 to use only the best 10 hypotheses for refinement in the next level. If γ is too small  , the connection between different modals is weak with imprecise projection in formula 10  , which will lead to poor performance for cross-modal similarity search. As a consequence our ability to manage large software systems simply breaks down once a certain threshold complexity is approached. the size of the search space increases in a strong exponential manner as the number of input attributes grows  141  , i.e. Thus  , Dijkstra quickly becomes infeasible for practical purposes; it takes 10 seconds for 1000 services per task  , and almost 100 seconds for 3000 services per task. The only difference is that one needs to sort the path according to L before inserting it into a new P-tree. The final merge phase of the join can proceed only when the slower of these two operations is completed. The adjacent semantic link panel lists links to more content that is of relevance to what is displayed in the content panel. In step 1  , we identify concept labels that are semantically similar by using a similarity measure based on the frequency of term co-occurence in a large corpus the web combined with a semantic distance based on WordNet without relying on string matching techniques 10. The newly written files then participate in an n-way sort-merge join to find query segments with the same protein id. Second  , OVERLAP prunes edges in the search lattice  , converting it into a tree  , as follows. DBSCAN must set Eps large enough to detect some clusters. Finally  , we allow users to optionally specify some keywords that capture relevance and results which contain semantic matches are ranked highest. Since it is unlikely that all dimensions will be used for splitting  , a non-split dimension is used to sort the data-points in the leaves to be joined. The features include text similarity   , folder information  , attachments and sender behavior. On this basis  , we utilize stochastic gradient descent to conduct the unconstrained optimization. Word2Vec 6 provides vector representation of words by using deep learning. the one that is to be classified with respect to a similarity or dissimilarity measure. As the activity function at from the previous section can be interpreted as a relative activity rate of the ego  , an appropriate modeling choice is λ 0 t ∝ at  , learning the proportionality factor via maximum-likelihood. Therefore  , we can utilize convex optimization techniques to find approximate solutions. During our previous experiments 13  , a bidirectional breadth first search proved to be the most efficient method in practice for finding all simple paths up to certain hop limit. The performance difference between our method BBC-Press and the other three methods is quite significant on all the five datasets  , given the small error bars. As mentioned earlier  , the sort-merge join method is used. We do not further discuss in-core merges. The straightforward exhaustive search is apparently infeasible to this problem  , especially for highdimensional datasets. Therefore  , the result of this search paradigm is a list of documents with expressions that match the query. However  , the key issue is doing this efficiently for practical cases. In particular  , for each input attribute  , we first search for its " representative  , " which is an indexed attribute in the thesaurus with the highest similarity score above a predefined threshold. In many cases  , simple crawlers follow a breadth-first search strategy  , starting from the root of a website homepage and traversing all URLs in the order in which they were found. In a data warehouse  , however  , the databases may have frequent updates and thus may be rather dynamic. After having determined how terms are selected and weighted  , we can take into account the domain knowledge contained in the similarity thesaurus to find the most likely intended interpretation for the user's query. Points with fewer than minP ts in their ǫ neighbourhood are considered as noise within the DBSCAN framework  , unless on the boundary of a dense cluster. 'Alternative schemes  , such as picking the minimum distance among those locations I whose likelihood is above a certain threshold are not guaranteed to yield the same probabilistic bound in the likelihood of failure. Despite this  , our model could be applied in alternative scenarios where the relevance of an object to a query can be evaluated. DBSCAN has two parameters: Eps and MinPts. This vector is the mean direction of the prediction PDF  , The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. If the action ranges are overly conservative  , the planner may not find a solution even when one exists. NN-search is a common way to implement similarity search. We will see that there is a direct route from Newton via Dijkstra to the programme put forward by Gaudel and her collaborators 7 ,8. When experimented with the synthetic data and real-world data  , the proposed method makes a good inference of the parameters  , in terms of relative error.  A simple yet expressive query language combines concept-aware keyword-based search with abstraction-aware similarity search and contextaware ranking. Our method does not require supervised relevance judgments and is able to learn from raw textual evidence and document-candidate associations alone. The only difference between Bitonic/sample sort and Bitonic/sample merge is that the initial sorting step is not required because the local lists are already sorted. Boolean operators and uncertainty operators have to be evaluated in a different way from the evaluation of semantic operators. The main difference to the standard classification problem Eq. Unfortunately  , these search types are not directly portable to textual searches  , because e.g. To get rid of them  , we inline the corresponding function body in place of each function call. 2  , this implies that one can compare the likelihood functions for each of the three examples shown in this figure. This is a powerful result because both the structure and internal density parameters can be optimized and compared using the same likelihood function. Especially the latter poses a challenge  , as YAGO categories tend to be very specific and complex e.g. We thus aim to apply an automatic feature engineering approach from deep learning in future works to automatically generate the correct ranking function. Based on search  , target  , and context concept similarity queries may look like the following ones: The selection of a context concept does not only determine which concepts are compared   , it also affects the measured similarity see section 3.4. 28 suggested a search-snippet-based similarity measure for short texts. The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. To capture how likely item t is to be an instance of a semantic class  , we use features extracted from candidate lists. We assume that  , when no measurement information is available  , the feature can be anywhere in the 3D space with equal probability i.e. The tasks compared the result 'click' distributions where the length of the summary was manipulated. The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. The recursive function generates the equivalent of o using one of the four following behaviors depending on the kind of concept the meta-class of o models. For instance  , in case of an MPEG-7 visual descriptor  , the system administrator can associate an approximate match search index to a specific XML element so that it can be efficiently searched by similarity. 4 i.e. Therefore  , each projection uses B-tree indexing to maintain a logical sort-key order. 27 empirically showed that having more queries but shallow documents performed better than having less queries but deep documents. The returned score is compared with the score of the original model λ evaluated on the input data of 'splitAttempt'. The theorem contains the condition thai the recursive function F be defined on a  , that the computation of Fa will terminate this condition is necessary for  , otherwise  , the iterative program will never terminate  , and therefore control will never reach finish at all. Path finding and sub-paths in breadth-first search 3. Our web graph is based on a web crawl that was conducted in a breadth-first-search fashion  , and successfully retrieved 463 ,685 ,607 HTML pages. The inferences are exclusive and involve different meanings . The general idea used in the paper is to create regularization for the graph with the assumption that the likelihood of two nodes to be in the same class can be estimated using annotations of the edge linking the two nodes. This issue is typically resolved by acknowledging these assessor differences and simply accepting the opinion of a single assessor. We store current rules in a prefix tree called the RS-tree. Tabels 1 and 2 show that the breadth first search is exhaustive it finds solutions with one step fewer re- grasps. In the context of chemical structure search a lot of work has been done in developing similarity measures for chemical entities resulting in a huge amount of available measures. It is a recursive function that generates the set OptAns of all answers candidate to be optimum by combining the paths in a connected component cc. To summarize  , the contributions in this work are: 1 use rich user features to build a general-purpose recommendation system  , 2 propose a deep learning approach for content-based recommendation systems and study different techniques to scale-up the system  , 3 introduce the novel Multi-View Deep learning model to build recommendation systems by combining data sets from multiple domains  , 4 address the user cold start issue which is not well-studied in literature by leveraging the semantic feature mapping learnt from the multi-view DNN model  , and 5 perform rigorous experiments using four real-world large-scale data set and show the effectiveness of the proposed system over the state-of-the-art methods by a significantly large margin. We want to semantify text by assigning word sense IDs to the content words in the document.  Supervised hashing: Cross-Modal Similarity-Sensitive Hashing CMSSH 6 5  , Semantic Correlation Maximization SCM 28   , and Quantized Correlation Hashing QCH are supervised hashing methods which embed multimodal data into a common Hamming space using supervised metric learning. This will not always be feasible in larger domains  , and intelligent search heuristics will be needed. One contribution of this paper has been to show that a well-designed sort-merge based scheme performs better than hashing. After the push function is used to partition the space of push directions into equivalence classes  , we perform a breadth-first search of push combinations to find a fence design. For now we will only focus on the status of the 8-item list after the k-merge phases lists below dashed horizontal phase separators. In particular  , in these experiments we generated randomly 200 collections using Dublin Core fields. In this paper  , we propose a novel hashing method  , referred to as Latent Semantic Sparse Hashing  , for large-scale crossmodal similarity search between images and texts. The SCQ pre-retrieval over queries predictor scores queries with respect to a corpus also using a tf.idf-based similarity measure 53 . Bitonic sort makes use of a key procedure called bitonic merge. As a result  , any monitor number for merge-join input streams is unreliable unless we have encountered a " dam " operator such as SORT or TEMP  , which by materializing all rows ensures the complete scan and count of the data stream prior to the merge join. They were successfully used for color histogram similarity Fal+ 941 Haf+ 951 SK97  , 3-D shape similarity KSS 971 KS 981  , pixel-based similarity AKS 981  , and several other similarity models Sei 971. Additionally  , we plan to experiment with re-ranking the results returned by the Lucene search engine using cosine similarity in order to maintain consistency with the relevance similarity method used in scenario A. Stochastic gradient descent SGD methods iteratively update the parameters of a model with gradients computed by small batches of b examples. We suggest training ranking models which are search behavior specific and user independent. For larger datasets  , this overhead gets amortized and Ontobroker comes out on top. Attributes that range over a broader set of values e.g. First  , we provide a general method for the aggregation of information streams based on the concept of semantic relevance and on a novel asymmetric aggregation function. To understand the content of the ad creative from a visual perspective  , we tag the ad image with the Flickr machine tags  , 17 namely deep-learning based computer vision classifiers that automatically recognize the objects depicted in a picture a person  , or a flower. Tree root selection: After initialization  , in a join query with n triple patterns  , we sort all the triple patterns first in the order of increasing number of triples associated with them. The transfer function frequency bins may further be smoothened through a recursive least square technique. We also considered the two-sample Kolmogorov -Smirnov KS Test 6  , a non-parametric test that tests if the two samples are drawn from the same distribution by comparing the cumulative distribution functions CDF of the two samples. Variants of such measures have also been considered for similarity search and classification 14. Note that the second and third features are very similar to two of the similarity measures used in the enhanced pooling approach Section 3.1.2. In routing  , the system uses a query and a list of documents that have been identified as relevant or not relevant to construct a classification rule that ranks unlabeled documents according to their likelihood of relevance. In MyDNS  , a low aux value increases the likelihood of the corresponding server to be placed high in the list. As observed in the official TREC results from 2005 and 2006  , the log-merge method outperforms the sort-merge method regardless of whether the underlying collection is partitioned by web domain or partitioned by randomized web domains. The rest of this paper is organized as following  , first we review major approaches in recommendation systems including papers that focus on the cold start problem in Section 2; in Section 3  , we describe the data sets we work with and detail the type of features we use to model the user and the items in each domain  , respectively. The observation likelihood is computed once for each of the samples  , so tracking becomes much more computationally feasible. We address the above three challenges in the rest of this paper. Haar wavelet transform has been used in many domains  , for example  , time series similarity search 11. Figure 7b graphs log-likelihood as a function of autocorrelation. Consider  , for instance  , a solution with similarity around 0.8. In this paper we focussed on the usability of answers and how well a search system can find relevant documents for a given query. We also showed how to extend this framework to combine data from different domains to further improve the recommendation quality. In DBSCAN a cluster is defined as a set of densely-connected points controlled by  which maximize density-reachability and must contain at least M inP ts points. Damljanovic et al. We use the push function to find equivalence classes of actions-action ranges with the same effect. In the first iteration  , only the reported invocations are considered  , starting with the most suspicious one working down to the least. Other boxes cannot effectively use the indexed structure  , so only these two need be considered. In the final step we normalize the previously computed model weight by applying a relative normalization as described in 26. By creating a separate relation for every spec field  , Squander solves all these problems: whatever abstraction function is given to a spec field  , it will be translated into a relational constraint on the corresponding relation  , and Kodkod will find a suitable value for it. While in global search whole time series are compared  , partial search identifies similar subsequences. In the context of non-traditional index structures  , the method of bulk loading also has a serious impact on the search quality of the index. One of the common solutions is to use the posterior probability as opposed to the likelihood function. When F reqmin is larger  , the correlation curves decrease especially for substring search. To produce the bounds for our quadratic programming formulation of APA  , we return to the fact from Section 3.3 that the likelihood function for an estimate for cell i is based on the normal probability density function g. As is stated in nearly every introductory statistics textbook  , 99.7% of the total mass of the normal probability density function is found within three standard deviations of the origin . As mentioned before  , our semantic topic compass framework relies on incorporating the semantics of words into the feature space of the studied topic  , aiming at characterising the relevance and ambiguity of the these features. The CM-PMI measure consists of three steps: search results retrieval  , contextual label extraction and contextual label matching. It is probable  , however  , that this problem cannot be solved without performing time-consuming experimental rese~irch aimed at defining the influence on the size of retrieval system atoms of the variation of frequency of occurrence of index terms  , of the co-occurrence of index terms  , of the variation of the frequency of co-occurrence of index terms  , of the existence of semantic relations  , etc. The projective contour points of the 3-D CAD forceps in relation to the pose and gripper states were stored in a database. shows the result of the experiment after the second step of the breadth-first search. The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. The query language of SphereSearch combines concept-aware keyword-based search with specific additions for abstraction-aware similarity search and context-aware ranking. The sort-merge equijoin produces a result that is sorted and hence grouped on its join attributes c nationkey. Images of the candidate pictograms that contain query as interpretation word are listed at the bottom five rows of Table 4. New strategies have to be developed to predict the user's intention. Due to the recursive nature of the approach  , such a procedure would have to be applied for any object at any recursive level. is said the cumulative intensity function and is equivalent to the mean value function of an NHPP  , which means the expected cumulative number of software faults detected by time t. In the classical software reliability modeling  , the main research issue was to determine the intensity function λt; θ  , or equivalently the mean value function Λt; θ so as to fit the software-fault count data. Many applications require that the similarity function reflects mutual dependencies of components in feature vectors  , e.g. The crawling was executed via a distributed breadth first search. Nevertheless  , knowledge of the semantics is important to determining similarity between operation. Using deep learning approaches for recommendation systems has recently received many attentions 20  , 21  , 22. The services provided by WiSS include sequential files  , byte-stream files as in UNIX  , B+ tree indices  , long data items  , an external sort utility  , and a scan mechanism. Since the page content information is used  , the page similarity based smoothing is better than constant based smoothing. However  , our input data is neither as short as mentioned studies  , nor long as usual text similarity studies. We also showed that it takes more effort from the user to form queries when doing pattern search as compared to similarity search  , but when relevant matches are found they are ranked somewhat higher. On the other hand  , the deep learning-based approaches show stronger generalization abilities. DBSCAN parameters were set to match the expected point density of the bucket surface. A query task classification system was also employed  , based on 32 words indicative of home page search such as 'home' or 'homepage'. Existing DSE tools alleviate path explosion using search strategies and heuristics that guide the search toward interesting paths while pruning the search space. 9 recently studied similarity caching in this context. We also report the logarithm of the likelihood function LM  for each click model M   , averaged over all query sessions S in the test set all click models are learned to optimize the likelihood function : Lower values of perplexity correspond to higher quality of a model. Finding inverted and simple retrograde sequences requires a change in how the self similarity matrix is produced – instead of matching intervals exactly  , we now match intervals with sign inversions. Since templates serve different needs  , we extract those with a high probability of containing structured information on the basis of the following heuristic: templates with just one or two template attributes are ignored since these are templates likely to function as shortcuts for predefined boilerplates  , as well as templates whose usage count is below a certain threshold which are likely to be erroneous. Finally  , NLJoin nested-loop join performs a nested-loop join with join predicate  , pred over its inputs with with the relation produced by left as the outer relation  , and the relation produced by right as the inner relation. Another 216 words returned the same results for the three semantic relevance approaches. As each evaluated state in the search requires execution of a collision detection method  , an efficient method will effectively reduce the magnitude of the base of the exponential relationship  , significantly improving the time performance of the search. The Sort property of the AE operator specifies the procedure to be used to sort the relation if a merge-sort join strategy was selected to implement the query. In our experience of applying Pex on real-world code bases  , we identify that Pex cannot explore the entire program due to exponential path-exploration space. With about 32 degree of freedom DOfs to be determined for each frame  , there is the potential of exponential compl exity evaluating such a high dimensional search space. Section 4 presents precision  , recall  , and retrieval examples of four pictogram retrieval approaches. These will be the candidate plans with early group-by. Interactive-time similarity search is particularly useful when the search consists of several steps. In our experiment  , the search workload under the fixed workload scheme is set to be 2500 50 generations with 50 individuals in each generation  and is stipulated by workload function w = ϕ 2 in The time complexity may now become exponential with respect to ϕ as long as the workload function is an exponential function w.r.t ϕ. We now see that the confusion side helps to eliminate one of the peaks in the orientation estimate and the spatial likelihood function has helped the estimate converge to an accurate value. For example  , our Mergesort branch policy still leaves an exponential search for worst-case executions. In search engine and community question answering web sites we can always find candidate questions or answers. In the Chevy Tahoe example above  , the classifier would establish that the page is about cars/automotive and only those ads will be considered. There are no semantic or pragmatic theories to guide us. Therefore  , the recursive method for the stabilization of-the sys­ tem 1 can be given based on either the Krasovskii functional or the Razumikhin function. Random data sample selection is crucial for stochastic gradient descent based optimization. We believe that having an explicit symbolic representation is an advantage to vector-based models like deep learning because of direct interpretability . The probability of a repeat click as a function of elapsed time between identical queries can be seen in Figure 5. The model consists of several components: a Deep Semantic Structured Model DSSM 11 to model user static interests; two LSTM-based temporal models to capture daily and weekly user temporal patterns; and an LSTM temporal model to capture global user interests.