Here we skip the detailed formulations due to the space limitation. Further investigation is needed to take full advantage of the prior information provided by term weighting schemes. The fitting is quite convincing for most of the goals see 
Conclusions 
Twitter provide a powerful medium through which users can communicate their observations not only with their friends    , but also with the world at large. The majority of the research and development effort up to the present has been concentrated on the design and implementation of an experimental testbed system for the data acquisition component. One is a variant of the Bellcore SuperBook system
Experiments
In an effort to compare the image and text versions of the same material    , we ran some systematic experiments at Cornell    , using 36 students as experimental subjects in a controlled sitation. For the teams applying RaPiD7 systematically the reward is    , however    , significant. However    , we recognize the limitations of the trade-offs we made in our study design     , including the small sample size and lack of experimental control. Also    , as discussed in 
Experimental method
There were two goals for the experiments. This characterizes the level of noise inherent in an n-gram indexing scheme; the significance of a particular similarity measure value could be described as the number of standard deviations it falls above the mean of the noise distribution. Ultimately we used 92 bilingual aspects from 33 topics    , including 3 Chinese aspects that could only be used as training data for English aspect classification because each of them had only 4 segments. That partial structure is added as the first entry to the queue of partial structures. Finally    , we need a ranking function that assigns scores to the datasets in CCDD S  with respect to D S expressing the likelihood of a dataset in CCDD S  to contain identical instances with those of D S . If the response structure e.g. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. Language modeling with relevance model RM2 
dbpWISTUD 
 This run integrated background knowledge from DBpedia and applied the semantic enrichment strategies described in Section 2.2. Multi-view Embedding
The research in this direction has proceeded along three dimensions: co-training 
Search by Using Click Data
 Click-through data has been studied and analyzed widely with different Web mining techniques for improving the efficacy and usability of search engines. Accordingly    , objects {g    , h    , i    , j    , k    , l    , m} are grouped into the second cluster . The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. We measure its value as the Shannon entropy of a location: 
Hl = − ï¿¿ u∈N h S l p l u logp l u 4 
where p l u is the probability that a given check-in in place l is made by user u. Our model first determines the score of a candidate reply given the reformulated query    , based on the candidate reply and its associated posting Subsection 5.1.   , QDrop-Out = {q0    , q0 
DEEP LEARNING TO RESPOND
 In this section    , we describe the deep model for query-reply ranking and merging. The log-likelihood contains a log function over summations of terms with λt defined by Equation 5    , which can make parameter inference intractable. Finally    , we reiterated the importance of choosing expansion terms that model relevance    , rather than the relevant documents and showed how LCE captures both syntactic and query-side semantic dependencies. While videogames represent an important part of our cultural and economic landscape    , deep theory development in the field of Game Studies    , particularly theory related to creativity    , is lacking. Therefore    , we begin with an overview of Semin and Fiedler's Linguistic Category Model LCM 
Linguistic Category Model 
 Both the LEB and the LIB build upon the Linguistic Category Model. Most combinations contained multiple topics    , with the exception of easy/semantic    , easy/medium visual    , and very difficult/medium visual. A total of 399 words returned the same results for all four approaches. Fusion of LIB & LIF
While LIB uses binary term occurrence to estimate least information a document carries in the term    , LIF measures the amount of least information based on term frequency. Our empirical study with documents from ImageCLEF has shown that this approach is more effective than the translation-based approach that directly applies the online translation system to translate queries. Introduction
Various types of user studies can support the design and evaluation of digital libraries. If the predicate belongs to the profile    , the frequency of this predicate is incremented by one and the timestamp associated to this entry is updated. , 'Deep CNN' features extracted from raw product images presented a good option due to their widely demonstrated efficacy at capturing abstract notions of fine-grained categories 
3 
 Then the parameter set is Θ = {α    , βu    , βi    , γu    , γi    , θu    , E}. With these choices    , nearby objects those within distance r have a greater chance p1 vs. p2 of being hashed to the same value than objects that are far apart those at a distance greater than cr away. Each metric captures a unique aspect of the classifier's performance. Using the semantic relevance values    , pictograms can be ranked from very relevant value close to 1 to not so relevant value close to 0. Computational Complexity
All the presented approaches allow the computation of the probabilities using a dynamic programming approach. Experimental Study
The goal of the experimental study is to evaluate the effectiveness of CyCLaDEs. Specifically    , we consider three classes of signals: 
 User Because of user specialisation    , we expect that most of the repin activities of the user is restricted to only a few categories    , and furthermore    , even amongst these categories    , there may be a skewed interest favouring certain categories over others . Section 4 describes the results of experiments. However    , this feature was quite noisy and sparse    , particularly for URLs with query parameters e.g. 3 Information hiding/unhiding by folding tree branches. To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. Since each Ik has an upper bound i.e. These lexicons along with example posts for each narrative are shown in 
What Factors Are Predictive of Success  ? The upper part lists the numbers for the product categorization standards    , whereas the lower three rows of the table represent the proprietary category systems . However    , this resulted in severe overfitting . We investigate the relative importance of individual features    , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image    , another where each user has several thousand images    , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. The entropy-based LSH method generates randomly perturbed objects and use LSH functions to hash them to buckets    , whereas the multi-probe LSH method uses a carefully derived probing sequence based on the hash values of the query object. In summary    , the ARSA model mainly comprises two components . There are two methods of measuring variable importance in a random forest: by Gini importance and by permutation importance. We would extract those facts as a whole    , noting that they might appear more than once in the abstract    , and then take both fact and term frequency into consideration when ranking the abstracts for relevance. W3C 
TU The TU benchmark contains both English and Dutch textual evidence. The encoder consists of convolutional layers to extract features from the characters and an LSTM layer to encode the sequence of features to a vector representation    , while the decoder consists of two LSTM layers which predict the character at each time step from the output of encoder. Deep Learning with Bottom-Up Transfer
To ensure good generalization abilities in transfer learning    , a shared middle-level feature abstraction is first learned in an unsupervised pre-training and a supervised fine-tuning from both the source and target domains    , in which W is optimized. , the difference in means depends on aspects of the experimental design. The first portion computes the new outcome that would have been the societal if user i's values had been ignored and then computes the social utility for such an outcome. We are also exploring novel way of presenting the suggestion list    , besides using plain text. We further emphasized that it is of crucial importance to develop a proper combination of multiple kernels for determining the bit allocation task in KLSH    , although KLSH and MKLSH with naive use of multiple kernels have been proposed in literature. The experiment involved the participants using the Firefox extension of the tag mapping tool within their browser on their own personal computer over a two week period. Language modeling
The retrieval engine used for the Ad Hoc task is based on generative language models and uses cross-entropy between query and document models as main scoring criterion. Moreover in 28% of searches documents were saved only from the top 25. Probabilistic Retrieval Model for Semi-structured Data
The probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S 
P F k ∈F PM w|F k PM F k  
1 
Here    , PM w|Fj is calculated by dividing the number of occurrences for term w by total term counts in the field Fj across the whole collection. General Interest Model
The general interest model captures the user's interests in terms of categories e.g. Besides its advantages in learning efficiency and accuracy    , our approach has one other important benefit specific to the Web. Dennis Egan of BelIcore ran these experiments    , with two chemistry pr+ fessors at Cornell serving as consultants to design the questions    , and 1000 articles from the Jounzal of the American Chemical Society used for data. We formulate    , test    , and provide experimental data in support of three driving hypotheses: This section summarizes the design and execution of our experiment    , the data we collected    , its interpretation    , and our results    , which include novel findings regarding these metrics. We note that during our research we also trained our random forest using the query words directly    , instead of their mapped clusters. LSH INDEXING
The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. Resolution was set to 1024x768. For example    , if the query is " night "     , relevant pictograms are first selected using the highest semantic relevance value in each pictogram    , and once candidate pictograms are selected    , the pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category    , which in this case is the TIME category. Intuitively    , ωt  ,j represents the average fraction of the sentiment " mass " that can be attributed to the hidden sentiment factor j. Introduction 
Over the last years    , the Marktoberdorf Summer School has been a place where people tried to uncover the mysteries of programming. Typically    , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7    , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. The new successive higher-order window representations then are fed into LSTM Section 2.2. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
This work was supported by 863 Program 2014AA015104    , and National Natural Science Foundation of China 61273034    , and 61332016. Implementation Details
We have implemented the three different LSH methods as discussed in previous sections: basic    , entropy    , and multiprobe . Introduction
Recent research on multi-language digital libraries has focused on cross-language information retrieval CLIR—retrieving documents written in one language through a query in a different language 
The Niupepa Digital Library Collection
The Niupepa DL www.nzdl.org/niupepa makes available a collection of historic Māori newspapers published between 1842 and 1933 
Data Collection and Definition
The default language is defined as the language that the interface to the Niupepa DL web site is displayed in when the home page www.nzdl.org/niupepa is requested. Without the users the method would merely be a theory. Experiments on several benchmark collections showed very strong per-formances of LIT-based term weighting schemes. We design an efficient last-to-first allocating strategy to approximately estimate the ranking-based marginal influence spread of nodes for a given ranking    , further improving the efficiency of IMRank. This toleration factor reflects the inherent resolving limitation of a given relevance scoring function    , and thus within this toleration factor    , the ranking of documents can be seen as arbitrary. Comparison with other feature selection methods
To test the effectiveness of using appraisal words as the feature set    , we experimentally compare ARSA with a model that uses the classic bag-of-words method for feature selection     , where the feature vectors are computed using the relative frequencies of all the words appearing in the blog entries. In this example    , P-DBSCAN forms better clusters since it takes local density into account. In our implementation    , we sample users uniformly to optimize the average AUC metric to be discussed later. The experiments show that with our estimate of the relevance model    , classical probabilistic models of retrieval outperform state-of-the-art heuristic and language modeling approaches. In the second stage    , for the identification of the facet inclination of a given feed    , the IowaS group used sentiment classifiers and various heuristics for ranking posts according to each facet. For the online study    , we computed each recommendation list type anew for users in the denser BookCrossing dataset    , 
ΘF = 0 b 
Figure 3: Intra-list similarity behavior a and overlap with original list b for increasing ΘF though without K-folding. Evaluation
To evaluate TagAssist    , we used data provided to use by Technorati    , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. There are now over two dozen of these collections    , and they have been distributed widely by the United Nations and other non government agencies 
Weaknesses
Many experimental interfaces have been built for Greenstone    , some of which make use of a CORBA-based protocol to support distributed client-server in-teraction. The first experiment investigates the precision and recall of our approach on dataset 1. Future work will look at incorporating document-side dependencies    , as well. Future work will produce finer grained models specific to the methods applicable to XP and Dynamic Systems Development Method    , APs with substantial records of successful industrial application    , which will then be mapped to software risk elements. IMRank achieves both remarkable efficiency and high accuracy by exploiting the interplay between the calculation of ranking-based marginal influence spread and the ranking of nodes. In preliminary experiments we were able to achieve higher performance by using a different type of smoothing on the document models. A sensitivity question is whether this approach generates a larger candidate set than the other approaches or not. Another method of training topic models    , variational EM 
From topics to virtual shelves
 Tables 1    , 2 and 3 list topics selected from models generated for three books. The two functions will be used to evaluate both our GPbased approach and the baseline method in our experiments. Building conversation systems    , in fact    , has attracted much attention over the past decades. Applying 
the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. The Map class supports dynamic programming in the Volcano-Mapper    , for instance  because goals are only solved once and the solution physical plan stored. Those which are specific to software and account for the internal complexity of programs i. e.    , their dynamic behaviors and    , possibly    , psychometric data on the programming activity. To compare data    , using the concept of provenance from 
We are currently working on annotating the experimental data using concepts from ProPreO and GlycO 
RELATED WORK
There has been increased activity in development and integration of ontologies. A Simple Display Application
The first example 
Reference Linking the D-Lib Magazine
The second example gathers and stores reference linking information for future use. To determine if a profile is better than another one    , we use the generalized Jaccard similarity coefficient defined as: 
Jx    , y = i minx i     , y i  i maxx i     , y i  
where x and y are two multi-sets and the natural numbers x i ≥ 0 and y i ≥ 0 are the multiplicity of item i in each multiset. Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos    , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. Main Results
The main result is that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropybased LSH methods to achieve various search quality levels and it is more time efficient than the entropy-based LSH method. Considerations other than pure utility values such as income and fairness might need to be taken into account. Further assuming under this condition that the Web application is invulnerable induces a false negative discussed in Section 5 as PF L |V  ,D. If an injection succeeds    , it serves as an example of the IKM learning from experience and eventually producing a valid set of values. The following two sections describe our experimental design and results. Section 2 analyzes and summarizes the limitations of the LUBM and presents the UOBM    , including ontology design    , instance generation    , query and answer construction. Experimental Environment
We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 
Distribution of Co-reference in Linked Data
Some research implies that co-reference follows a power law distribution 
Experimental Settings
We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator    , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method.   , model-based and model-free approaches 
Transfer Deep Learning
Deep learning began emerging as a new area of machine learning research in 2006 
ONTOLOGY FOR PERSONAL PHOTOS
We propose to design an ontology for personal photos    , since the vocabulary of general Web images is often too large and not specific to personal photos. The encoding procedure can be summarized as: 
H conv = CharCN N T  6 ht = LST M gt    , ht−1 7 
where g = H conv is an extracted feature matrix where each row can be considered as a time-step for the LSTM and ht is the hidden representation at time-step t. LSTM operates on each row of the H conv along with the hidden vectors from previous time-step to produce embedding for the subsequent time-steps. DATA AUGMENTATION & TRAINING
We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques    , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . Our monolingual results for the four languages    , using the human-translated queries provided by NIST    , were significantly below those seen on the TREC-7 CLIR task: The reasons for this drop in performance are unclear. The workshops are well prepared    , and innovative brainstorming and problem solving methods are used. Sine~ each node consists of only 24 bytes and the top-down search is closer to a depth-first search than a breadth-first search    , the amount of space required by the hierarchy n·odes is not excessive. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection    , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. Otherwise    , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. To the best of our knowledge    , ours is the first attempt at learning and applying character-level tweet embeddings . For QALD-4 dataset    , it was observed that 21 out of 24 queries with their variations were correctly fitted in NQS. To achieve this goal    , we first partition the timeline into N continuous bins of equal size. Demand for Experimentation. Section 3 describes the general approach of CyCLaDEs. This approach leads to equations 
λ δ = argmax i P R|q δ     , λ i  λ γ = argmax i P R|q γ     , λ i  
that show how the probability of R is conditioned both by the model λ i and by the state sequence of the global or optimal paths. Procedures and Experimental Design
The study was conducted in the Human-Computer Interaction Lab at the University of Maryland at College Park UMD. To this end    , we only return tags that have an aggregate score greater than the mean score for all the tag candidates. But combining these sources would presumably improve effectiveness of CTIR    , much as evidence combination has aided CLIR 
Naive Combination
It is tempting simply to assume that strong evidence on both dimensions – dictionary and spelling – should increase our confidence in a translation. The SC-Recall came out to be 96.68 %. Stemmers equate or conflate certain variant forms of the same word like paper    , papers and fold    , folds    , folded    , folding…. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . Sensitivity to Structural Variation: 
We performed evaluation of sensitivity to structural variation of NQS over the OWL-S TC query dataset three versions and the QALD-4 dataset three versions. We use a model that separates observed voting data into confounding factors    , such as position and social influence bias    , and article-specific factors. We adopt this best kernel for KLSH. Currently    , there are a number of commercial products available for individual communities to create their specialized digital library for example    , http://www.software.ibm.com/is/dig- lib/v2factsheet. Note that    , in practice    , it is generally infeasible to consider all the words appearing in the blog entries as potential features     , because the feature set would be extremely large in the order of 100  ,000 in our data set    , and the cost of constructing a document-feature matrix could be prohibitively high. This provides the needed document ranking function. Our document scoring    , αD    , our region scoring βR    , and our field scoring γF  are discussed in depth in the following sections. Automatic learning of expressive TBox axioms is a complex task. HAIRCUT exhibited 79% recall at 1000 on the CLIR task    , and a high average precision relative to retrieval using human-translated queries. are images from " difficult " topics more difficult to judge  ?. All 24 out of 24 QALD-4 queries    , with all there syntactic variations    , were correctly fitted in NQS    , giving a high sensitivity to structural variation. Score Distribution Learning
Distributions for random variables X s Q u b may be obtained by learning a score distribution P X s i  for each join input i. The initial research efforts on WSD for information retrieval were performed using manual sense annotation 
Cross-Lingual Retrieval
Cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR addresses the problem of retrieving documents written in a language different from the query language 
AN ILLUSTRATING EXAMPLE
To illustrate why translation is helpful in handling the word ambiguity and vocabulary mismatch problems    , consider the following TREC query Q335 " Adoptive Biological Parents "     , and focus on the ambiguous word " biological " . CONCLUSIONS
 This paper investigated a framework of Multi-Kernel Locality- Sensitive Hashing by exploring multiple kernels for efficient and scalable content-based image retrieval. The resulting tokens are then normalised via case folding. We also implemented a prototype web-based pictogram retrieval system 
Comparison of Four Approaches. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski    , Oula Heikkinen    , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. Coordinate Ascent Fitting Procedure
We adopt an iterative optimization procedure which alternates between a fitting the model parameters Θ given the segmented timeline Λ    , and b segmenting the timeline Λ given the current estimate of the model parameters Θ. Five different learning coefficients ranging: from 0.002 to 0.1 are experimented. Previous work on the relationship between topic familiarity and search behavior has established that when users are more familiar with a topic    , they spend less time on search tasks    , and are likely to find a higher number of relevant documents as a proportion of documents viewed 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
To investigate the impact of topic familiarity on search behavior    , we carried out a user study. This is approached by embedding both the image and the novel labels into a common semantic space such that their relevance can be estimated in terms of the distance between the corresponding vectors in the space. A holistic approach for finding optimal plans based on Iterative Dynamic Programming IDP 
Future Work
Other future work will be the support for DESCRIBE-queries and IRIs as subjects. , models are built and applied on the same project    , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier    , while only random forest ranks in the first tier. Based on 2 and 3    , the semantic relevance or the measure of relevancy to return pictogram e when w i is input as query can be calculated as follows: 
SRw i     , e = j P w j |e|E i ∩ E j |/|E i ∪ E j | 4 
The resulting semantic relevance values will fall between one and zero    , which means either a pictogram is completely relevant to the interpretation or completely irrelevant. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. This in contrast with the probabilistic model of information retrieval . ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
This material is based on work supported in part by the Library of Congress and Department of Commerce under cooperative agreement number EEC-9209623    , in part by SPAWARSYSCEN-SD grant number N66001-99-1-8912    , and in part by the Advanced Research and Development Activity in Information Technology ARDA under its Statistical Language Modeling for Information Retrieval Research Program    , contract number MDA904-00-C-2106. We propose three aspects context coherence    , selection clarity and reference relevance for measuring context quality    , detecting noisy selections    , and computing the relevance of a reference concept    , respectively. RELATED WORK
In this section    , we briefly review research related to our approach in two categories. Experiment Design: This study used a within-subject design. S final = 1 |Q S | + 1  Q i ∈Q S S Q i  + S  1 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Here we provide information about the datasets used in this study    , how to perform feature normalization    , and the evaluation technique. However    , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic    , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory    , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. The coefficients co and cl are estimated through the maximization of a likelihood function L    , built in the usual fashion     , i.e. The basic premise behind the dynamic programming formulation is that we can decompose the set of tuples T into two subsets T and T − T     , find the optimal solution for each of them separately and combine them to get the final answer for the full set T . Language modeling with relevance model RM2 
dbpWISTUD 
 This run integrated background knowledge from DBpedia and applied the semantic enrichment strategies described in Section 2.2.   , " oooooooooh " or " aaaaaaah " . The LFA strategy is a special case of the generalized LFA strategy with l = 1. This was not so clear about our application in the relevance part of semantic data – in the form of the lexicon of referential equivalents. The MLP-based system achieved run-times ranging from 17 s for the first iteration to almost 20 min for the final iteration. LIB is similar in spirit to IDF and its value represents the discriminative power of the term when it appears in a document. Participants were recruited through advertisements in the staff and student mailing lists of Alfred Hospital    , and Melbourne University. With a simple and fast heuristic we determine the language of the document: we assume the document to be in the language in which it contains the most stopwords. We use this measure in a similar way to the authors in 
Homogeneity
Another important measure of the social diversity of a place is the extent to which its visitors are homogeneous in their characteristics . It is worth noting that although we have only used S- PLSA for the purpose of prediction in this work    , it is indeed a model general enough to be applied to other scenarios. We then proposed different aspects for characterizing reference quality    , including context coherence    , selection clarity    , and reference relevance with respect to the selection and the context. On the face of it    , one might not expect much of a difference; after all    , why would teachers use different criteria or weigh identical criteria differently depending on whether they are evaluating curricula they are searching for themselves or evaluating curricula recommended by others. Specifically    , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. Evaluation
Using the semantic relevance measure    , retrieval tasks were performed to evaluate the semantic relevance measure and the categorized and weighted pictogram retrieval approach. LIB+LIF: To weight a term    , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. Introduction 
The rise of social media has provided us a variety of means to offer cognitive surplus in the creation and sharing of knowledge that can benefit everyone 
Quality and Bias in Collaborative Biographies 
 It is not surprising that the quality of collaboratively produced biographies of famous people has been the focus of previous research. dynamic programming    , greedy    , simulated annealing    , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 
Extendibility
As anticipated    , to meet the extensibility and maintainability requirement previously identified the VDL Generator is    , by design    , composed of three parts: the search strategy    , the logical components and their search space    , the physical components and their search space. The experimental results on three real-world datasets show our proposed method performs a better top-K recommendation than baseline methods. For example    , the independent assumption between different columns can be relaxed to capture multi-column interdependency. Furthermore    , LSs can be customized by teachers or learners    , and may include tools to promote learning. Our research builds on summarization systems by identifying core concepts that are central ideas in a scientific domain. We have described an experimental method in which learnt uncertainty information can be used to guide design choices to avoid overfitting    , and have run a series of experiments on the benchmark LETOR OHSUMED data set for both types of model. It uses dynamic programming to compute optimal alignment between two sequences of characters. Creation of Relevant Pictogram 
Set. In the case of Persons 2 and Restaurants    , both methods performed equally well. Encoder
Given a tweet in the matrix form T size: 150 × 70    , the CNN Section 2.1 extracts the features from the character representation. These biases manifest through two characteristics of the language used to describe someone: the specificity of the description    , and the use of words that reveal sentiment toward the target individual. Performing a similarity search query on an LSH index consists of two steps: 1 using LSH functions to select " candidate " objects for a given query q    , and 2 ranking the candidate objects according to their distances to q. LIF    , on the other hand    , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . The entropy-based LSH method is likely to probe previously visited buckets    , whereas the multi-probe LSH method always visits new buckets. In all cases    , the first constraint is timed q 
    , tmax    , and the second constraint is 
FEATURES
In this section    , we present features used for learning a ranking model for related news predictions. Dataset
As mentioned    , we collected massive conversation resources from various forums    , microblog websites    , and cQA platforms including Baidu Zhidao 6     , Douban forum 7     , Baidu Tieba 8     , Sina Weibo 9     , etc. According to extensive experiment results    , T is always significantly smaller than k. Besides    , dmax is usually much smaller than n    , e.g. All D-Lib articles are written in HTML. PREDICTING REFERENCE QUALITY
 We model reference quality from three aspects: the coherence of the context    , the clarity of the selection    , and the relevance of the reference with respect to the selection and the context. Among them    , some of the studies attempt to learn a positive/negative classifier at the document level. We used a mixed method approach to develop a thorough picture of existing practices around social learning and the impact of So.cl. Capturing LCC Structure: To capture the connectivity structure of the Largest Connected Component LCC    , we use a few high-degree users as starting seeds and crawl the structure using a breadth-first search BFS strategy. Continued growth depends on understanding the creative motivations and challenges inherent in this industry    , but the lack of collections focused on game development documentation is stifling academic progress. To effectively leverage supervised Web resource and reduce the domain gap between general Web images and personal photos    , we have proposed a transfer deep learning approach to discover the shared representations across the two domains.