The larger the LIB    , the more information the term contributes to the document and should be weighted more heavily in the document representation . In addition    , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects. We introduce a typical use case in which an intelligent traffic management system must support coordinated access to a knowledge base for a large number of agents. For low similarity thresholds or very skewed distributions of document lengths    , however    , LSH remains the method-of-choice as it provides the most versatile and tunable toolkit for high-dimensional similarity search. Goals 
The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory JHU/APL is a second-time entrant in the TREC Category A evaluation. There are many different schemes for choosing Δλ. However    , this resulted in severe overfitting . The noise in the content may create errors while doing document retrieval thus drastically reducing the precision of retrieval. The two are related quantities with different focuses. The method is based on: i a semantic relevance function acting as a kernel to discover the semantic affinities of heterogeneous information items    , and ii an asymmetric vector projection model on which semantic dependency graphs among information items are built and representative elements of these graphs can be selected. The vector output at the final time-step    , encN     , is used to represent the entire tweet. Image relevance was also considered to be a factor for this experiment. Related Work
There is a growing interest in the development of text applications using DBMS technology. On each axis    , the likelihood probability gets projected as a continuous numeric function with maximum possible score of 1.0 for a value that is always preferred    , and a score of 0.0 for a value that is absent from the table. Because the communicative context appears to mitigate the occurance of bias especially in the case of LIB Section 2 describes related work. Our experiments on numeric data show that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test achieves the highest label prediction accuracy of the various statistical hypothesis tests. Also    , PM Fj denotes the prior probability of field Fj mapped into any query term before observing collection statistics. For example    , consider the following two queries: In general    , the design philosophy of our method is to achieve a reasonable balance between efficiency and detection capability.   , Quasi-Newton optimization method in this paper. After that    , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. INTRODUCTION AND DATASET
 Ranking is a major concern to information retrieval applications such as document ranking on search engines. In this way    , one could estimate a general user vocabulary model    , that describes the searcher's active and passive language use in more than just term frequencies. Component Scoring
Relevance scores for general interest    , specific interest    , and context are computed separately for each candidate suggestion. 9 
 By selecting the mean squared error MSE as loss    , the loss function can be expressed as: 
min B  ,Θ ||B fWX − Y|| 2 + λ1 2 K k=1 ||β k − θ parentk || 2 + λ2 2 ||Θ|| 2 . We contrast our prediction technique that leverages social cues and image content features with simpler methods that leverage color spaces    , intensity    , and simple contextual metrics. Although the most popular is still undoubtedly the vector space model proposed by Salton 
BACKGROUND
In this section we present the term-weighting components used in our approach and a brief review of some concepts of Genetic Programming. σ· = 1 1+e −· is a known as a sigmoid/logistic function. Cultural Focus: To quantify the extent to which a party i reveals a cultural focus F on few selected hashtags or users facts    , the normalized Shannon entropy 
F σ i  = 1 − − n j=1 pa j  * log 2 p  a j  log 2 n 1 
Here    , pa j  corresponds to the frequency of a cultural fact a j for party i divided by the frequency of all other facts of that party. Finally    , we need a ranking function that assigns scores to the datasets in CCDD S  with respect to D S expressing the likelihood of a dataset in CCDD S  to contain identical instances with those of D S . For the time being    , we execute both user defined functions and normal DBMS code within the same address space. character and word n-grams extracted from CNN can be encoded into a vector representation using LSTM that can embed the meaning of the whole tweet. Evaluation Datasets
We have used two datasets in our evaluation. We also found that adding implicit state information that is predicted by our classifier increases the possibility to find state-level geolocation unambiguously by up to 80%. We use this method in our prediction experiments on heldout data in the Experiments section. One possible solution is that in the presence of set intersection    , Transformation T 1 does not drop projection operators. Discipline means 'a method of teaching'. Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. CONCLUSIONS
 This paper investigated a framework of Multi-Kernel Locality- Sensitive Hashing by exploring multiple kernels for efficient and scalable content-based image retrieval. We first vary K    , with fixed p and q values p = 7    , and q = 1. The basic LSH indexing method works as follows 
By concatenating multiple LSH functions    , the collision probability of far away objects becomes very small p M 2     , but it also reduces the collision probability of nearby objects p M 1 . 2 Hierarchical tree structure in an overall graph structure: ideal for representing content models. Similar observation is found in the study of meta search whose goal is to combine the retrieval results of multiple search engines to create a better ranking list 
 To address the above problems    , we encode the order information generated by the base ranking function G with matrix W ∈ 
1 
In the above    , Wi  ,j is defined by a softmax function and the parameter λ ≥ 0 represents the confidence of the base ranking function. This is desirable for those applications where users care more about hot spots in the data set. Implementation Details
We have implemented the three different LSH methods as discussed in previous sections: basic    , entropy    , and multiprobe . If we randomly pick a document from the collection    , the chance that a term ti appears in the document can be estimated by the ratio between the number of documents containing the term ni i.e. LIF    , on the other hand    , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . This last point may be illustrated by considering the results of term weighting experiments carried out recently by Christopher Buckley at Cornell 
Univ~rsity. KLSH-Weight: We evaluate the mAP performance of all kernels on the training set    , calculate the weight of each kernel w.r.t. The Clarke-Tax approach ensures that users have no incentive to lie about their true intentions. Our empirical study with documents from ImageCLEF has shown that this approach is more effective than the translation-based approach that directly applies the online translation system to translate queries. In addition to implementation simplicity    , viewing PIVOT as GROUP BY also yields many interesting optimizations that already apply to GROUP BY. We wanted to see if a the fourth approach    , the categorized and weighted approach    , performed better than the rest; b the semantic relevance approach in general was better than the simple query match approach; c the categorized approach in general was better than the not-categorized approach. We will refer to this characteristic of one-to-many correspondence in meaning-to-pictogram and an associative measure of ranking pictograms according to interpretation relevancy as assisting selection of pictograms having shared interpretations. CLICK-THROUGH-BASED CROSS-VIEW LEARNING
The main goal of click-through-based cross-view learning is to construct a latent common subspace with the ability of directly comparing textual query and image content. Without the efforts of these users we would not have such good results nor would we have RaPiD7 as an institutionalized way of working. Extensive experiments on our datasets demonstrated that our TDCM model can accurately explain the user behavior in QAC. The subjective effort results also indicate that visual topics require less effort to judge in terms of subjective effort    , for example it was found that participants believed they had better performance for visual topics    , while for semantic topics    , the perceived mental workload and effort was greater. Given HAIRCUT's average precision of 31.5% on the TREC-8 ad hoc task    , it seems unlikely that the drop in English performance is due to some sort of overtraining on the TREC-7 data. As discussed    , the LIB quantity is similar in spirit to IDF inverse document frequency whereas LIF can be seen as a means to normalize TF term frequency. Main Results
The main result is that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropybased LSH methods to achieve various search quality levels and it is more time efficient than the entropy-based LSH method. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
This material is based on work supported in part by the Library of Congress and Department of Commerce under cooperative agreement number EEC-9209623    , in part by SPAWARSYSCEN-SD grant number N66001-99-1-8912    , and in part by the Advanced Research and Development Activity in Information Technology ARDA under its Statistical Language Modeling for Information Retrieval Research Program    , contract number MDA904-00-C-2106. Pearson correlation coefficient says how similar two users are considering their ratings of items. To prove the applicability of our technique    , we developed a system for aggregating and retrieving online newspaper articles and broadcast news stories. However    , even if two different users both install the same app    , their interests or preferences related to that app may still be at different levels. There were a total of 106 bilingual aspects from 36 topics that met this requirement excluding the All Others categories. We are also exploring novel way of presenting the suggestion list    , besides using plain text. Which resource for training the semantic space  ? The resulting tokens are then normalised via case folding. To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. The most popular choices for pooling operation are: max and average pooling. We bring query-likelihood LM approaches and relevance models to a common ground    , and show that both lead to the same scoring function    , although the theoretical motivation behind them is different. We vary the profile size to 5    , 10 and 30. gjeu denotes the jth feature for the uth entity and ruv denotes the relevance judgment for the pair eu    , dv. For TREC-6    , the CLIR track topics were developed centrally at NIST 
 English: NIST    , Gaithersburg    , MD    , USA Ellen Voorhees  French: University of Zurich    , Switzerland Michael Hess  German: IZ Sozialwissenschaften    , Germany Jürgen Krause    , Michael Kluck  Italian: IEI-CNR    , Pisa    , Italy Carol Peters At each site    , an initial 10 topics were formulated. EVALUATION
We trained a support vector machine classifier with an RBF kernel implemented in the WEKA machine learning workbench 
Metrics
We used four standard classification metrics to evaluate system performance. CONCLUSIONS
 In this paper    , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. The dataset sizes are chosen such that the index data structure of the basic LSH method can entirely fit into the main memory. Factor Representation: An Example
In order to visualize the factor solution found by PLSA we present an elucidating example. Since our focus is on type prediction     , we employ retrieval models used in the recent work by Kim et al. CONCLUSIONS
We discussed a model of retrieval that bridges a gap between the classical probabilistic models of information retrieval    , and the emerging language modeling approaches. The first two are the Indri language model passage and document retrieval systems Indri-psg    , Indri-doc. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h APPROACH QUERY DOCTOR BOOK CRY PLAYGROUND BEDTIME 
Conclusion
 Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design    , and they do not have single    , clear semantics. Future work will look at incorporating document-side dependencies    , as well. , 'Deep CNN' features extracted from raw product images presented a good option due to their widely demonstrated efficacy at capturing abstract notions of fine-grained categories 
3 
 Then the parameter set is Θ = {α    , βu    , βi    , γu    , γi    , θu    , E}. , precision and purity. Our method presupposes a set of pictograms having a list of interpretation words and ratios for each pictogram. This cache is hosted by clients and completes the traditional HTTP temporal cache hosted by data providers. Note that every variable introduced in this way is initialized . Hence we restrict our attention to perturbation vectors ∆ with δi ∈ {−1    , 0    , 1}. Our techniques highlight the importance of low-level computer vision features and demonstrate the power of certain semantic features extracted using deep learning. This provides the needed document ranking function. We present optimization strategies for various scenarios of interest. Evaluation of the Implementation
 Because our approach extracts reference linking and bibliographic data automatically from widely variable sources    , it cannot be expected that the data will be 100% accurate. Note that    , conditioned on the activity function at    , the second term is constant. Several interviewees reported that " operationalization " of their predictive models—building new software features based on the predictive models is extremely important for demonstrating the value of their work. For example    , if the query is " night "     , relevant pictograms are first selected using the highest semantic relevance value in each pictogram    , and once candidate pictograms are selected    , the pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category    , which in this case is the TIME category. To represent a specific node in S    , previous work tries to find matches in the skipgram model for every phrase    , and average the corresponding vectors 
EMPIRICAL EVALUATION
This section presents an evaluation to verify our proposal    , compared with the baseline model 
Setup
Training Label Set Y0. If the predicate belongs to the profile    , the frequency of this predicate is incremented by one and the timestamp associated to this entry is updated. Even though NLP components are still being improved by emerging techniques like deep learning    , the quality of existing components is sufficient to work on the semantic level – one level of abstraction up from surface text. Interestingly    , for the topic law and informatization/computerization 1719 we see that the Dutch translation of law is very closely related. Likelihood Function
To compute the signal parameter vector w    , we need a likelihood function integrating signals and w. As discussed in §2    , installed apps may reflect users' interests or preferences. This procedure resembles the one used in 
Fitting the Model Parameters Θ
This step fixes the epoch segmentation Λ and adopts stochastic gradient ascent to optimize the regularized log-likelihood in Eq. The proposed measure takes into account the probability and similarity in a set of pictogram interpretation words    , and to enhance retrieval performance     , pictogram interpretations were categorized into five pictogram categories using the Concept Dictionary in EDR Electronic Dictionary. Experimental Study
The goal of the experimental study is to evaluate the effectiveness of CyCLaDEs. While English was also the most popular choice for TREC-7    , the percentage of runs that used non-English topics was substantially higher 7 out of 17. Introduction 
The rise of social media has provided us a variety of means to offer cognitive surplus in the creation and sharing of knowledge that can benefit everyone 
Quality and Bias in Collaborative Biographies 
 It is not surprising that the quality of collaboratively produced biographies of famous people has been the focus of previous research. The basic premise behind the dynamic programming formulation is that we can decompose the set of tuples T into two subsets T and T − T     , find the optimal solution for each of them separately and combine them to get the final answer for the full set T . A guiding principle for us was that relevance of a topic should not be just based on individual terms or keywords    , such as genes or diseases    , but rather it should take into account the subject of the whole document. As a result    , 
shows the result of the experiment after the second step of the breadth-first search. One of the main obstacles to effective performance of the classical probabilistic models has been precisely the challenge of estimating the relevance model. The term discrimination model has been criticised because it does not exhibit well substantiated theoretical properties. The major issue in the integration of biomedical data is the large number of distributed    , semantically disparate data sources that need to be combined into a useful and usable system for biologists. We want to semantify text by assigning word sense IDs to the content words in the document. Building conversation systems    , in fact    , has attracted much attention over the past decades. Intuitively    , ωt  ,j represents the average fraction of the sentiment " mass " that can be attributed to the hidden sentiment factor j. Second    , we believe that the ranking orders generated by the base ranking function is substantially more reliable than the numerical values of the ranking scores. Otherwise    , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. Our initial examination revealed that the allocated users IDs are very evenly distributed across the ID space. Future work will produce finer grained models specific to the methods applicable to XP and Dynamic Systems Development Method    , APs with substantial records of successful industrial application    , which will then be mapped to software risk elements. Here    , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method    , a widely used learning method for large-scale data    , to learn parameters. The community at large should come together and build systems that conform to standards which will support common data interchange formats    , dynamic    , programmatic access to local and remote data sources    , and common application programming interfaces. Modeling Visual Evolution
 The above model is good at capturing/uncovering visual dimensions as well as the extent to which users are attracted to each of them. Next    , we used Alchemy 2 to generatively learn the weights of our base MLN using the evidence data. The coefficients co and cl are estimated through the maximization of a likelihood function L    , built in the usual fashion     , i.e. The knowcenter group classified the topic-relevant blogs using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset. These parameters can be determined by maximizing the log-likelihood function i.e. One key question is how to determine the weights for kernel combination. The result is that the probabilistic model has been important mainly for providing solid foundations for much of the information retrieval work rather than as a practical tool in experimental or operational situations. Despite the reasonable average percentual increase    , most of the differences are not significant. DANGEROUS 
Sequentialization and the Danger of Destruction 
The transition schemes between certain recursive and certain iterative notations show that the one form is as good as the other    , apart from its appearance. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. We compare the weighted memory-based approach by incorporating our weighting scheme to standard memory-based approach including the Pearson Correlation Coefficient PCC method    , the Vector Similarity VS method    , the Aspect Model AM    , and the Personality Diagnosis PD method. Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method    , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. Topics sustainable tourism and interpolation 1411 and 4882 do not benefit from semantic matching due to a semantic gap: interpolation is associated with the polynomial kind while the relevance assessments focus on stochastic methods. Estimating £ ¤ § © in a typical retrieval environment is difficult because we have no training data: we are given a query    , a large collection of documents and no indication of which documents might be relevant. General Interest Model
The general interest model captures the user's interests in terms of categories e.g. We note that during our research we also trained our random forest using the query words directly    , instead of their mapped clusters. A deeper investigation confirms our intuition that defective entities have significantly stronger connections with other defective entities than with clean entities. Cosine Similarity
Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. As shown in 
New York Times Collection
 With the NY Times corpus    , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity    , rand index    , and precision Table 5. 100 for more details on the geometry of statistical models. Comparison with other feature selection methods
To test the effectiveness of using appraisal words as the feature set    , we experimentally compare ARSA with a model that uses the classic bag-of-words method for feature selection     , where the feature vectors are computed using the relative frequencies of all the words appearing in the blog entries. Thus we need only to compute 6 twice per MCMC iteration . Ridge    , lasso    , or elastic net regularization has been used in previous methods. The experimental results on three real-world datasets show our proposed method performs a better top-K recommendation than baseline methods. The default language of the interface was alternated between Māori and English in 2005. TOPIC RELATED OPINION RETRIEVAL
Blog post opinion retrieval aims at developing an effective retrieval function that ranks blog posts according to the likelihood that they are expressing an opinion about a particular topic. 6 and 7 only makes sense if there are users associated with each edge in our dataset    , which is not true of the four graph types we have presented so far. Introduction 
Over the last years    , the Marktoberdorf Summer School has been a place where people tried to uncover the mysteries of programming. Besides    , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 
WMKLSH by Weighted Bit Allocation
 We first propose a Weighted Multi-Kernel Locality-Sensitive Hashing WMKLSH scheme by a supervised learning approach to determine the allocation of bit size    , where a kernel is assigned a larger size of bits if it better captures the similarity between data points. , model-based and model-free approaches 
Transfer Deep Learning
Deep learning began emerging as a new area of machine learning research in 2006 
ONTOLOGY FOR PERSONAL PHOTOS
We propose to design an ontology for personal photos    , since the vocabulary of general Web images is often too large and not specific to personal photos. The advantage of the vector space computation is that it is simpler and faster. The idea behind the method is relatively simple    , but the effective use of it is not.   , model-based and model-free approaches 
Transfer Deep Learning
Deep learning began emerging as a new area of machine learning research in 2006 
ONTOLOGY FOR PERSONAL PHOTOS
We propose to design an ontology for personal photos    , since the vocabulary of general Web images is often too large and not specific to personal photos. In our particular case this rating is represented by behavior of users on every page they both visit. These properties make it an interesting case for our study. One simple approach    , common in game-theory    , due to Nash 
Privacy as a Tax Problem
Our goal is to formulate a mechanism that " aggregates " all the individuals preferences into single representative group preference    , which builds upon how each user values the different data exposure preferences. 4. We use simple heuristics to separate acronyms from non-acronym entity names. To discover a topic evolution graph from a seed topic    , we apply a breadth-first search starting from the seed node but only following the edges that lead to topic nodes earlier in time. . The first example is an on-line application; the second is run off-line to produce stored data.   , models are built and applied on the same project    , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier    , while only random forest ranks in the first tier. It is evident that natural language texts are highly noisy and redundant as training data for statistical classification    , and that applying a complete mathematical model to such noisy and redundant data often results in over-fitting and wasteful computation in LLSF. EXPERIMENTS AND RESULTS
In this section    , we conduct a series of experiments to validate our major claims on the TDCM model. The last LSTM decoder generates each character    , C    , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128    , ht−1    , for the next time-step prediction. Result Ranking. Gini importance is calculated based on Gini Index or Gini Impurity    , which is the measure of class distribution within a node. We refer to this approach as naive combination. We follow the typical generative model in Information Retrieval that estimates the likelihood of generating a document given a query    , pd|q. The present section is structured according to the above categorization. These biases manifest through two characteristics of the language used to describe someone: the specificity of the description    , and the use of words that reveal sentiment toward the target individual. Differences are related to the goals of the methods and the scope of using the methods in software development projects. This paper focuses on comparing the basic    , entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods in the case that the index data structure fits in main memory. The entropy-based LSH method generates randomly perturbed objects and use LSH functions to hash them to buckets    , whereas the multi-probe LSH method uses a carefully derived probing sequence based on the hash values of the query object.