NQS was able to correctly fit 919 out of the 1083 OWLS-TC queries along with all their syntactic variation  , giving high VP of 96.43 %. Given a back-point βintv  , p index  , the uncertain part of sequence S is the sequence segment S i that is inside β.intv  , while the pattern segment P i   , which is possibly involved in uncertain matching  , could be any pattern segment starting from β.p index. Answer extraction methods applied are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . None of these tools are integrated with an interactive development environment  , nor do they provide scaffolding for transformation construction. , products  , vendors  , offers  , reviews  , etc. Normally  , the For the detection of the same object rotated around the z-axis of the image plane  , the template has to be rotated and searched from scratch. As a result  , the PREfast analyses are inexpensive  , accounting for negligible percentage of compile time. These patterns  , mainly consisting of appositives and copulas  , are high-precision patterns represented in regular expressions  , for instance " <SEARCH_TERM> is DT$ NNP " . Efficient indexing based matching of two and three dimensional 2D/3D models to their views in images has been addressed in computer vision and pattern recognition. Once the pattern is justified  , the door is successfully detected. The existing or newly created layer-pattern neurons one per layer image exactly matching the training image are then in tum defined as an image pattern  , and a corresponding imagepattern neuron is introduced with connections to the appropriate layer-pattern neurons. This ensures that there is no simple pattern  , such as the query always precisely matching the title of the page in question. All of the points have the same pattern and this is suitable for a template matching because the points may be able to be extracted through a template matching procedure using only one template. For this pattern  , dbo:City is more likely to be a domain than dbo:Scientist  , and so for the range. We see that synthetic RDF benchmark data BSBM  , SP2B  , LUBM is fully relational  , and also all dataset with non- RDF roots PubMed  , MusicBrainz  , EuroStat get > 99% coverage. □ When matching a URL with a pattern there are three outcomes: Thus we always prefer its answers over results obtained with pattern matching  , which we use as a backup for the remaining questions. For the table in Figure 3  , one might imagine that IP Address was used as a predictor for Client ID to some benefit because each user had a preferential computer   , shown below. ShopBot relies on a combination of heuristic search  , pattern matching  , and inductive learning techniques. In Figure 1we refer to this as Streaming Slot Value Extraction. On questions QALD-2  , about the same number of queries are improved and hurt. These patterns were automatically mined from web and organized by question type. The main disadvantage of predicate-based matching is that predicates should be pre-defined in advance. The one extracts a cognitive image aimed at pattern matching  , and the other creates a perceptual imagelO  , 111. They were instructed to take the block from HERB's hand once HERB had extended the block to them. Such tools do not generate concrete test cases and often result in spurious warnings  , due to the unsoundness of the modeling of language semantics. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate sentences or passages and a list of named entities are generated as answer candidate. We believe that much information about patterns can be retrieved by analyzing the names of identifiers and comments. However  , as admitted by the authors  , detailed VoID files are unlikely to be available on a large scale. For example  , suppose an input text contains 20 desired data records  , and a maximal repeat that occurs 25 times enumerates 18 of them. Our FiST system matches twig patterns holistically using the idea of encoding XML documents and twig patterns into Prüfer sequences 17. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. Approaches that use pattern matching e.g. The satellites automatically instrument the application using Javassist 25. The data generator is able to generate datasets with different sizes containing entities normally involved in the domain e.g. If a text segment matches with a pattern  , then the text segment is identified to contain the relationship associated with the pattern. Moreover the pattern-matching procedure controls  , through nonnalization any excessive growth of the indexing term set. Therefore  , the triple pattern matching operator must be placed in a plan before any of the following operators. To cope with the problem of blank nodes we need to extend the definition for an RDF instance mapping from 9: To demonstrate the usefulness of this novel language resource we show its performance on the Multilingual Question Answering over Linked Data challenge QALD-4 1 . We allow seoping using two functions. , FemaleHeadsOf- Government and HostCitiesOfTheSummerOlympicGames. If there are other peaks with similar matching scores then the disparity computation is ambiguous repeating pattern and the reliability is set to a low value. In Eclipse  , it requires writing a new plugin  , and mastery of a number of complex APIs. TwigStack 7  , attract lots of research attention. Next  , each model's location is estimated. The experts were not involved in the development of any of the two tools and were not aware of which tool produces which verbalization. In this paper we are only interested in SPARQL CONSTRUCT queries. SemSearch ES queries that look for particular entities by their name are the easiest ones  , while natural language queries TREC Entity  , QALD-2  , and INEX-LD represent the difficult end of the spectrum. QALD-2 has the largest number of queries with no performance differences  , since both FSDM and SDM fail to find any relevant results for 28 out of 140 queries from this fairly difficult query set. , a user can put " " around keywords to specify matching these keywords as a phrase. For example  , the extended VarTrees and TagTrees of example Q1 and Q2 are depicted in Figure 6respectively. Afterwards  , the location of eye can be measured by detecting a agreement part with the paltern matching model in the eye image input. For the Streaming Slot Filling task  , our system achieved the goal of filling slots by employing a pattern learning and matching method. No matching pattern indicates that PAR cannot generate a successful patch for a bug since no fix template has appropriate editing scripts. The sort continuous in this manner until the list of items is fully sorted in ascending order after the lg m th phase. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 To accomplish creation of inventory on future patterns   , a trigger as implemented in DBAL is defined . Next  , we consider the graph pattern in the first loop. Snort library is sorted  , optimized and compiled by rule compiler. The situation changes for a local cache with 10 ,000 entries  , in this case  , the hit-rate of local cache is 59 % and 28 % for behavioral cache  , only 13 % of calls are forwarded to the server. The size of the shared pool  , which is used by Oracle to store session information such as sort areas and triggers  , was set to 20MB and the size of the log buffer to 4MB to minimise the influence of Oracle internals on the measurements. Approximate string matching 16 is an alternative to exact string matching  , where one textual pattern is matched to another while still allowing a number of errors. From all these images  , the software mentioned above detected matching points on the calibration pattern for each pan and tilt configuration. Second-order relationships: The relationship between two or more variables is influenced by a third variable. Characteristics of projective transformation is also utilized to perform correspondences between two coordinate systems and to extract points. The purpose of using such hard matching patterns in addition to soft matching patterns is to capture those well-formed definition sentences that are missed due to the imposed cut-off of ranking scores by soft pattern matching and centroid-based weighting. However they are quite often used probably  , unconsciously! The Social Intelligence BenchMark SIB 11  is an RDF benchmark that introduces the S3G2 Scalable Structure-correlated Social Graph Generator for generating social graphs that contain certain structural correlations. Consider a software system that is modeled by its inheritance and containment graphs  , and the task is to analyze how many instances of the design pattern Composite are used in the design of the system. The pattern symbols are:  BSBM SQL 4 contains a join between two tables product and producttypeproduct and three subqueries  , two of them are used as OR operators. In their most general forms these ope~'a~ors are somewhat problematic. As in the previous experimentation  , we run a new experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M hosted on the same LDF server with 2 different URLs. These triples were generated as follows: We first executed the SPARQL query and randomly selected up to five results from the query answer. Consequently  , we believe that any practical IE optimizer must optimize pattern matching. The straightforward solution  , which recursively Figure 3: Tree-pattern matching by subsequence matching identifies matches for each node within the query sequence in order  , requires quadratic time in the document size and therefore becomes not competitive. 2 Novel evaluation methods for Xcerpt  , enabled by high-level query constructs  , are being investigated. their rapid evaluation. For instantiation   , we exploit an index as well as a pattern library that links properties with natural language predicates. µ is a solution in evalG W   , BGP   , if it is complete for BGP and The rewriting is sound iff Q G is contained in Finally  , a novel pattern matching module is proposed to detect intrusions based on both intra-pattern and inter-pattern anomalies. To minimize the number of unsupported answers  , we decided to always prefer documents identified with pattern matching over those found by the answer type approach. The what questions that are classified by patterns are in Table  ? In the fields of image recognition and general pattern matching  , geometric similarity measures have been a topic of study for many years 9. In the Semantic Web  , many systems translate English questions to SPARQL queries see 13 for a survey  , and the QALD 8 challenge is devoted to that task. To determine relevant sources we first need to identify the region in data space that contains all possible triples matching the pattern. In reporting on KMS for TREC 2004  , we described in detail the major types of functions employed: XML  , linguistic  , dictionary  , summarization  , and miscellaneous string and pattern matching. In a next step  , c has to be instantiated by a matching class  , in the case of using DBpedia onto:Film  , and p has to be instantiated with a matching property  , in this case onto:producer. This experiment showed that a traditional pattern/action-based description of a searchand-replace transformation is a natural way to describe code changes. Access. The Concern Manipulation Environment CME supports its own pattern-matching language for code querying. p i and sq i are the index of pattern and sequence respectively  , indicating from where the further matching starts. The exact matching requires a total mapping from query nodes to data nodes  , i.e. First  , although xsl:apply-templates may resemble a function call  , its semantics does not correspond to explicit function calls  , but instead relies on a kind of dynamic dispatch based on pattern matching  , template priority  , import precedence  , and modes. var is a set of special alternative words  , which are usually shared by various patterns and also assigned in question pattern matching. In 16  , we proposed a flexible time series pattern-matching scheme that was based on the fact that interesting and frequently appearing patterns are typically characterized by a few critical points. Systems like EP-SPARQL 4 define pattern matching queries through a set of primitive operators e.g. This automatic slot filling system contains three steps. The FM-INDEX  , introduced by Ferragina and Manzini 6  , is a data structure used for pattern matching. For the first matching pattern  , the exception handler of that catch block is executed. , all query nodes are exactly matched by their corresponding data nodes  , and each parent-child " / " resp. Examples of sentences from the corpus matching each pattern are shown in Figure 5  , with emphasis on targets from this year's competition . Proper nouns from the question are going to be represented in any paragraph containing a possible answer. We compare the native SQL queries N  , which are specified in the BSBM benchmark with the ones resulting from the translation of SPARQL queries generated by Morph. If a sample graph vertex label matches the pattern but is not correctly mapped to the model graph vertex then the fitness of the projection is reduced. The tree-pattern matching proceeds in two phases. Implementation We have developed a prototype tool for coverage refinement . As joins are expressed by conjunctions of multiple triple patterns and associated variables  , a prerequisite for join source selection is the identification of relevant sources for a given triple pattern. Autonomous robots may exhibit similar characteristics. A cost-based optimizer can consider the various interesting sort orders and decide on the overall best plan. Recognizing the oosperm and the micro tube is virtually a matching problem. The SP 2 Bench and BSBM were not considered for our RDF fulltext benchmark simply due to the fact of their very recent publication. Definition pattern matching is the most important feature used for identifying definitions. Nevertheless  , such pattern matching is well supported in current engines  , by using inverted lists– our realization can build upon similar techniques. Vo and Vo also showed that usage of multiple predictors for breaking ties in sort order often improves compression. The main difference is however  , that XSLT templates are activated as a result of dynamic pattern matching while XQuery functions are invoked explicitly. That also explains why many twig pattern matching techniques  , e.g. More specialized patterns have lower thresholds  , but are only induced if the induction of more general patterns fails. Each sign is recognized by matching the operator's finger positions to the corresponding pattern acquired during calibration. REFERENCE where ins represents a test instance and C denotes the context model. To the best of our knowledge  , the state-retention techniques and optimization of multi-branch  , multi-level correlated queries considering parameter sort orders have not been proposed or implemented earlier. A basic XSLT program is a collection of template rules. , chord progressions  , change in dynamics  , etc. Annotated Pattern Trees accept edge matching specifications that can lift the restriction of the traditional oneto-one relationship between pattern tree node and witness tree node. Database systems such as Microsoft SQL Server consider sorted correlation bindings and the expected number of times a query block is evaluated with the aim of efficiently caching the inner query results when duplicates are present and to appropriately estimate the cost of nested query blocks. More like real life.. pattern matching using the colours can be used for quicker reference. " Although such hard patterns are widely used in information extraction 10  , we feel that definition sentences display more variation and syntactic flexibility that may not be captured by hard patterns. In addition to our theoretical work  , we also assess the performance of the formal soft matching models by empirical evaluation. Most current models of the emotion generation or formation are focused on the cognitive aspects. Triple Pattern Matching. The drawback of this approach is that it requires significant changes to the structure of any existing Volcano-style optimizer due to the need for propagating multiple plans for the same expression and then combining them suitably. We can see that the coverage of the 3D model is increased substantially with the pattern projector. JunGL is primarily a functional language in the tradition of ML. We overcome this problem by actually downloading the pages  , analyzing them linguistically  , and matching the patterns instead of merely generating them and counting their Google hits. In TREC 2003 QA  , we focused on definitional questions. Detection time with angle increment 6 5 5 varies between 2-4 seconds. Pattern considers the words matching the patterns extracted from the original query as candidates. Certain PREfast analyses are based on pattern matching in the abstract syntax tree of the C/C++ program to find simple programming mistakes. A pattern matching program was developed to identify the segments of the text that match with each pattern. Furthermore  , on extracting slot values  , pattern matching might not be the best options but definitely can produce some good results at hand. Additionally  , ultrasonic diagnosis images were obtained for which pattern matching was performed to measure the virtual target position. For queries where other factors dominate the cost  , like join q2  , the speedup is relatively small. The idea of the so-called pyramid search is depicted in figure 3. We discuss our method of soft pattern generalization and matching in the next section. We run an experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M  , hosted on the same LDF server with 2 differents URLs. Presence of modes allows different templates to be chosen when the computation arrives on the same node. -relevance evaluation  , which allows ordering of answers. 4 have demonstrated the utility of DTW for ECG pattern matching. The semantics of SPARQL is defined as usual based on matching of basic graph patterns BGPs  , more complex patterns are defined as per the usual SPARQL algebra and evaluated on top of basic graph pattern matching  , cf. Note that these early work however do not consider AD relationship  , which is common for XML queries. Of course  , only those access events performed by agents of the application example must trigger the reaction leading to the new pattem-matching mechanism. We observe that the various query sets exhibit different levels of difficulty; this is indeed what we would have liked to achieve by considering different types of information needs. where Centroid_weight denotes the statistical weight obtained by the centroid based method and Pattern_weight is the weight of soft pattern matching. Especially the latter poses a challenge  , as YAGO categories tend to be very specific and complex e.g. Because the vast majority of property labels are of English origin  , we could not apply this baseline to Spanish QALD-4 data. For our tests we use an extended version of the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 10. The triple pattern matching operator transforms a logical RDF stream into a logical data stream  , i.e. Automatic music summarization approaches can be classified into machine learning based approaches 1 ,2 ,3 and pattern matching based approaches 4 ,5 ,6. This is a powerful effect: all prior sort orders are used to break ties this is because stable sort was performed for each block. For this  , we measured the performance on large BSBM and LUBM data sets while varying the number of nodes used. The second factor requires matching specific tuple occurrences γ Section 4.2  , which can only be executed when the query terms e.g. However  , one may wish to assign different weights to different parts of the time series. Pattern matching with variable 'don't care' symbols can now be easily performed  , if the input signals set the D flip-flop values throughout the duration of pattern matching. An interesting goal of an intelligent IRS may be to retrieve information which can be deduced from the basic knowledoe given by the thesaurus. In the same spirit  , the corresponding SQL queries also consider various properties such as low selectivity  , high selectivity  , inner join  , left outer join  , and union among many others. Results of query " graph pattern " with terms-based matching and different rankings: 1 Semantic richness  , 2 Recency. This means that all data has to be imported and converted once  , making it less suitable for Web views. In the tradeoff between space and time  , most existing graph matching approaches assume static data graphs and hence prefer to pre-compute the transitive closure or build variablelength path indexes to trade space for efficient pattern matching. Rather the twig pattern is matched as a whole due to sequence transformation. Fig.5shows an example of model location setting on the basis of the inputted eye image. Here vertex 6 can be mapped to both the second vertex label and the fourth vertex label in the path pattern. As for those with complex answer patterns  , we try to locate answer candidates via partial pattern matching. The generated file is used for programming of FPGA and pattern matching. Definition 5.4 Complex graph pattern matching. Most of the pattern-matching tools 10  , 14  , 13  , 9 require users to specify the buggy templates. For example  , one instrumentation rule states " Measure the response time of all calls to JDBC " . Each dataset has its own community of 50 clients running BSBM queries. Let us examine a small pattern-matching example . For fair comparison  , we used the same five field entity representation scheme and the same query sets as in 33  Sem- Search ES consisting primarily of named entity queries  , List- Search consisting primarily of entity list search queries  , QALD- 2 consisting of entity-focused natural language questions  , and INEX-LD containing a mix of entity-centric queries of different type. Example. Both '/' and '//' in the pattern are treated as regular tree edges. Missing components or sequences in a model compared to an otherwise matching pattern are classed as " incomplete " . Using simple pattern matching we extracted section headings and identified segments pertaining to different population and age groups. The pattern matching problem in IE tasks are formally the same as definition sentence retrieval. In SPARQL 5 no operator for the transformation from RDF statements to SPARQL is defined. In our experiments  , the base definition generation system used is the system discussed in Section 2 and illustrated in Figure 1. They also discuss the subtlety we mention in Sec. Where target pattern means: the set of attribute values in the target set that are being evaluated. in determining if there exists a mapping or isomorphism  between a graph pattern and a subgraph of a database graph use cases 2.1  , 2.12 and 2.13 in DAWG Draft 58. The difference of CMAR from other associative classification methods is that for every pattern  , CMAR maintains the distribution of various class labels among data objects matching the pattern. 2. Participants were also told that HERB's head would move and that HERB may provide suggestions about how to sort the blocks  , but that the final sorting method was up to them. Note that although the current version of NL-Graphs has been tested with DBpedia  , it can be easily configured to query other datasets. The Sparkwave 10 system was built to perform continuous pattern matching over RDF streams by supporting expressive pattern definitions  , sliding windows and schema-entailed knowledge. The CCD camera installed over the flat floor detmnines the positions of the satellites by the pattern matching to markers drown on the satellites. The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. Traditional twig pattern matching techniques suffer from problems dealing with contents  , such as difficulty in data content management and inefficiency in performing content search.  We propose two optimizations based on semantic information like object and property  , which can further enhance the query performance. The averagc At each point  , partial or total pattern matching is performed  , depending on the existing partial matches and the current node. Exact pattern matching in a suux tree involves one partial traversal per query. In other cases words were added or omitted. , the decryption code  , impeding pattern matching even further . Blank nodes have to be associated with values during pattern matching similiar to variables. The input sources include data from lexico-syntactical pattern matching  , head matching and subsumption heuristics applied to domain text. Let us consider our chemist searching for Sildenafil. XOBE is an extension of Java  , which does support XPath expressions  , but subtyping is structural. The efficiency of the matching operation greatly depends on the size of the pattern 8  , so it is crucial to have queries of minimum size. 2g  , 3g  , … 7g: character n-grams 2-7 gram. Overlapping features: Overlapping features of adjacent terms are extracted. For each incorrect answer  , we first generalised the SPARQL query by removing a triple pattern  , or by replacing a URI by a variable. First  , we plan to support additional features such as ordering and aggregation in result customization. For each word of a pattern it allows to have not only single letters in the pattern   , but any set of characters at each position. To understand this behaviour better  , we analyzed the query plans generated by the RDBMS. However  , such structural join approaches often induce large intermediate results which may severely limit the query efficiency. This is known as the transitive closure of a graph. Regularity Detection is used to detect specific patterns of movement from a properly structured database Itinerary Pattern Base. Note that figures 7 and 8 represent matching results of the sequences grouped into the same cluster. Moreover  , patterns can only be determined from the unencrypted segment i.e. Standard languages for interactive text retrieval include pattern-matching constructs such as wild characters and other forms of partial specification of query terms 1121. goal-directed invocation. While Prolog is based on unification and backtracking  , B is based on a simple but powerful pattern-matching mechanism whose application is guided by tactics. The pattern-matching techniques  , such as PMD  , are unsound but scale well and have been effectively employed in industry. Second  , the notions of pattern matching and implicit context item at each point of the evaluation of a stylesheet do not exist in XQuery. For illustration  , we will use the following block of variable-width tokens: Figure 5.1 shows the output of both BWT and RadixZip Transform run on this input. Another advantage is that for the rotation of the object only few sample points have to be rotated. The center coordinates of iris are estimated from each model that is estimated its location by pattern matching. The patterns are assumed to be always right-adjusted in each cascade. Because the feature abstracting is time-consuming  , this kind of method is difficult to realize in real time. Using it for pattern matching promises much higher efficiency than using the original record. A type constraint annotation restricts the static Java type of the matching expression. In our case  , we utilize 3×3 block of each frame for ordinal signature extraction. It does not have natural language understanding capabilities  , but employs simple pattern matching and statistics. proposed an inverse string matching technique that finds a pattern between two strings that maximizes or minimizes the number of mis- matches 1 . Xcerpt's pattern matching is based on simulation unification. We then formalize the problem as top-k lightest paths problem   , targeting the top-k lightest loopless paths between the entities   , matching the path pattern see Section 2.1. A pattern describes what will be affected by the transformation; an action describes the replacement for every matching instance of the pattern in the source code. Researchers using genetic data frequently are interested in finding similar sequences. , " When was the first camera invented "   , etc. For each substring  , the bounding boxes indicate the parts that match exactly with S 2 . The main challenge here has been that two sequences are almost never identical. We choose grep-2.2 as the subject program in this study. Other words in the question might be represented in the question by a synonym which will not be found by simple pattern matching. After the matching is completed  , sorting of variables is performed to enable the user to view those most interesting patterns in nearby sections of the horizontal axis. The sp2b uses bibliographic data from dblp 12 as its test data set  , while the bsbm benchmark considers eCommerce as its subject area. 8 As explained before  , our intention is to assess data set quality instead of SPARQL syntax. Basic pattern matching now considers quadruples and it annotates variable assignments from basic matches with atomic statements from S and variable assignments from complex matches with Boolean formulae F ∈ F over S . Concept assignment is semantic pattern matching in the application domain  , enabling the engineer to search the underlying code base for program fragments that implement a concept from the application domain. Besides the detection and localization of a neural pattern  , the comparison and matching of the observed pattern to a set of templates is another interesting question 18. It is not suitable to use pattern matching method to recognize the micro injector because of the low efficiency and poor accuracy. Function recParam in Fig. For the LUBM dataset/queries the geometric mean stays approximately the same  , whilst the average execution time decreases. Stream slot filling is done by pattern matching documents with manually produced patterns for slots of interest. Leaf nodes in an XML document tree may contain multiple linguistic tokens. This approach is faster than traditional approaches both because counting occurs without the need to go back to the entire molecule and because counting is done through pattern-pattern instead of pattern-dataset matching  , which results in far fewer comparisons. One well known annual benchmark in knowledge base question answering is Question Answering over Linked Data QALD  , started in 2011 23. Through training  , each pattern is assigned the probability that the matching text contains the correct answer. In the Collocation matching activity  , students compete in pairs to match parts of a collocation pattern. Each rewriting rule is composed of one Perl-like question matching pattern and one or more rewriting patterns. If no matching pattern is found  , the exception propagates up the call stack until a matching handler is found. In contrast  , each pattern  , say pat  , maintains a matching queue to store the last matched context instances i.e. Another related work is a recent study in 2 on approximate string joins using functions such as cosine similarity. Two sets of rules are developed to generate numbers and entities  , respectively. The authors of the data set  , Zimmermann et al. The two missing categories what:X and unknown will shortly be dis- cussed. Typical examples of parameter estimators are pattern matching with video cameras; collision prediction; detection of task switching conditions; identification of dynamic parameters of the load of the system; etc. Query forms. 2   , which does not make use of advanced NLP tools. In our work  , a rule-based approach using string pattern matching is applied to generate a set of features. This led us to a pattern language that consists of fragments of Java source code  , augmented with wildcards  , pattern variables  , and semantic matching constraints such as " static type of this expression must be a subtype of java.lang. Serializeable " . Clearly  , video indexing is complex and many factors influence both how people select salient segments. We have developed an alternative method based on auxiliary data constructs: condition pattern relations and join pattern relations Segev & Zhao  , 1991a. We describe one such optimization in this paper  , which is called pattern indexing and is based on the observation that a document typically matches just a relatively small set of patterns. The resulting fingerprint for Sildenafil is 1100. We consider LB to be the elementary block and we attempt to discuss the possibilities of fault tolerance in this program. We have reviewed the newly-adopted techniques in our QA system.  The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. Patterns are organized in a list according to their scores. There are several main differences between string matching and the discovery of FA patterns. It is unfair for one sort to allocate extra memory it cannot use while others are waiting; l a sort whose performance is not very sensitive to memory should yield to sorts whose performance is more affected by memory space; l large sorts should not block small sorts indefinitely   , while small sorts should not prevent large sorts from getting a reasonable amount of mem- ory; l when all other conditions are the same  , older sorts should have priority over younger sorts. The argument can be any expression of antecedent operators and concepts and text. The operation of the pattern matching cascade with sub-string matching capability and 'don't care' characters is illustrated in If the anchor vector has ls in positions s1  , $2 ,.. s k positions the strings x ,.. x ,  , x ,~ .. x ,  , x~  , .. x. have occurred in the text string. We now define the graph pattern matching problem in a distributed setting.