Genetic programming approaches support more complex repairs but rely on heuristics and hence lack these important properties. As pointed out by Charikar 5   , the min-wise independent permutations method used in Shingling is in fact a particular case of a locality sensitive hashing LSH scheme introduced by Indyk and Motwani 12. Running test cases typically dominated GenProg's runtime " 22  , which is also suitable for RSRepair  , so we use the measurement of NTCE to compare the repair efficiency between GenProg and RSRepair  , which is also consistent with traditional test case prioritization techniques aiming at early finding software bugs with fewer NTCE. Also  , our method performs well in recognition rate and show robustness in different calligraphic styles. We also employed GenProg to repair the bugs in Coreutils. In a follow-up work 7 the authors propose a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function. 7  proposed a new approach to automatically generate term weighting strategies for different contexts  , based on genetic programming GP. Using an error situation obtained with the sampled parameters  , a fitness unction based on the allowed recovery criteria can be defined. We also take into account that resources of BSBM data fall into different classes. This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. This is the major motivation to choose GP for the ranking function discovery task. The 'Time' column reports the wall-clock average time required for a trial that produced a primary repair. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. Figure 8 shows some recognition results of five different calligraphic styles using our LSH-based method. However  , whether the balance can be achieved by genetic programming used by GenProg has still been unknown so far. The intention of the method is to trade time for space requirements. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 8. The main result is that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropybased LSH methods to achieve various search quality levels and it is more time efficient than the entropy-based LSH method. The results show that the multi-probe LSH method is significantly more space efficient than the basic LSH method. Two areas for further investigation are: the use of probabilistic dependencies as constrainta  , and the way in which they interact; and the concept of the degree to This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. Therefore  , 5 entries in the profile is sometimes not enough to compute a good similarity. An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. It also shows that the multi-probe method is better than the entropy-based LSH method by a significant factor. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. In FJS97   , a statistical approach is used for reconstructing base lineage data from summary data in the presence of certain constraints . Our extension  , available from the project website  , reads the named graphs-based datasets  , generates a consumer-specific trust value for each named graph  , and creates an assessments graph. We compare our new method to previously proposed LSH methods – a detailed comparison with other indexing techniques is outside the scope of this work. Then the LSH-based method will be used to have a quick similarity search. Our first approach extends a state-of-the-art tag recommender based on Genetic Programming to include novelty and diversity metrics both as attributes and in the objective function 1. For the LUBM dataset/queries the geometric mean stays approximately the same  , whilst the average execution time decreases. Genetic Programming has been widely used and proved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management 119. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependence between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. Spectral hashing SH 36  uses spectral graph partitioning strategy for hash function learning where the graph is constructed based on the similarity between data points. One motivation for modeling time-varying links is the identification of influential relationships in the data. 15 proposes an approach based on the Cauchy-Schwarz inequality that allows discarding a large number of superfluous comparisons. For even larger datasets  , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. To measure the impact of this extension on query execution times we compare the results of executing our extended version of the BSBM with ARQ and with our tSPARQL query engine. The main inconvenient of this approach is that it is not deterministic. In addition  , the shrinkage approach could easily be incorporated into other statistical relational models that use global autocorrelation and collective inference. We generate co-reference for each class separately to make sure that resources are only equivalent to those of the same class. Genetic programming GP is a computational method inspired by biological evolution  , which discovers computer programs tailored to a particular task 19. The SP 2 Bench and BSBM were not considered for our RDF fulltext benchmark simply due to the fact of their very recent publication. For methods SH and STH  , although these methods try to preserve the similarity between documents in their learned hashing codes  , they do not utilize the supervised information contained in tags. The core of this engine is a machine learning technique called Genetic Programming GP. Most surprisingly  , the RDFa data that dominates WebDataCommons and even DBpedia is more than 90% regular. By probing multiple buckets in each hash table  , the method requires far fewer hash tables than previously proposed LSH methods. The entity resolution ER problem see 14 ,3  for surveys shares many similarities with link discovery. They are  , however  , at a disadvantage in interactivity  , graphical presentation and popularity of the computational language. Except for the LSH and KLSH method which do not need training samples  , for the unsupervised methods i.e. The average time required by SEMFIX for each repair is less than 100 seconds. That is  , RSRepair immediately discards one candidate patch once the patched program fails to pass some test case. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: We use plain LSH 13  rather than the more recent Multi- Probing LSH 17 in this evaluation as the latter is mainly to reduce space cost  , but could slightly raise scan rate to achieve the same recall. Although there are probably a number of heuristic ways to combine sensory information and the knowledge base with machine learning  , it is not straightforward to come up with consistent probabilistic models. Figure 1shows how the multi-probe LSH method works. Guided by genetic programming  , GenProg has the ability to repair programs without any specification  , and GenProg is commonly considered to open a new research area of general automated program repair 26  , 20  , although there also exists earlier e.g. Another strength of our approach is that it is a relatively simple and efficient way of incorporating time into statistical relational models. In Section 3  , we present our Combined Component Approach for similarity calculation. BSBM generates a query mix based on 12 queries template and 40 predicates. proposed GenProg  , an automatic patch generation technique based on genetic programming. In this work  , we propose the Time Varying Relational Classifier TVRC framework—a novel approach to incorporating temporal dependencies into statistical relational models. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , over-training is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. Ideally  , we would like to examine the buckets with the highest success probabilities. The space efficiency implication is dramatic. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. We also compared our method with genetic programming based repair techniques. Also  , the work in 24  applies Genetic Programming to learn ranking functions that select the most appropriate ads. A follow-up work 13 proposes a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function. Instead of generating perturbed queries  , our method computes a non-overlapped bucket sequence  , according to the probability of containing similar objects. This is normal because the cache has a limited size and the temporal locality of the cache reduce its utility. Answer for RQ1: In our experiment  , for most programs 23/24  , random search used by RSRepair performs better in terms of requiring fewer patch trials to search a valid patch than genetic programming used by GenProg  , regardless of whether genetic programming really starts to work see Figure 1 or not. We have experimented with different number of hash tables L for all three LSH methods and different number of probes T i.e. The basic LSH indexing method 17 only checks the buckets to which the query object is hashed and usually requires a large number of hash tables hundreds to achieve good search quality. GP makes it possible to solve complex problems for which conventional methods can not find an answer easily. Contributions of this paper are centered around four analytical query approaches listed in the following – We compare the performance of traditional relational approaches RDBMS / ROLAP and of using a triple store and an RDF representation closely resembling the tabular structure OLAP4LD-SSB. GP is a machine learning technique inspired by biological evolution to find solutions optimized for certain problem characteristics. To date  , work on statistical relational models has focused primarily on static snapshots of relational datasets even though most relational domains have temporal dynamics that are important to model. On the other hand  , when the same amount of main memory is used by the multi-probe LSH indexing data structures  , it can deal with about 60- million images to achieve the same search quality. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. Given that genetic programming is non-deterministic  , all results presented below are the means of 5 runs. Baselines: We compare our method to two state-of-theart FSD models as follows. Two set of queries are used to perform two tasks: building a type summary and calculating some bibliometrics-based summary.