The SMART information retrieval system  , originally developed by Salton  , uses the vector-space model of information retrieval that represents query and documents as term vectors. We consider MV-DNN as a general Deep learning approach in the multi-view learning setup. In this paper  , we use the word-embedding from 12 for weighing terms. However  , through iterative imputation   , KM is able to approximate the KRIMP complexity of the original data within a single percent. Furthermore  , the correlations between different concepts have not been fully exploited in previous research. The use of the fast Fourier transform and the necessity to iterate to obtain the required solution preclude this method from being used in real time control. Using σ G s as a surrogate for user assessments of semantic similarity  , we can address the general question of how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. DBSCAN is able to separate " noise " from clusters of points where " noise " consists of points in low density regions. In the case of discrete data the likelihood measures the probability of observing the given data as a function of θ θ θ. We tested the differences in relevance for all methods using the paired T-test over subjects individual means  , and the tests indicated that the difference in relevance between each pair is significant p <0.05. Obviously  , this does require the imputation to be as accurate as possible. Coefficients greater than ±0.5 with statistical significant level < 0.05 are marked with a * . We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. We would also like to thank Isaac Balbin for his comments on previous drafts of this paper. A full list of 26 questions  , 150 questions from WebQuestions  , and 100 questions from QALD could be found on our website. Thus  , four distances and their correlation with AP were evaluated. Despite this partial exploitation of the potential of the CS in providing virtual views of the DL  , its introduction has brought a number of other important advantages to the CYCLADES users. This means in practice that a person uses approximately a day to finalize the work. Figure 2shows the impulse expressed as a change in the wavelength of light reflected by an FBG cell and its fast Fourier transform FFT. When a non-square matrix A is learned for dimensionality reduction   , the resulting problem is non-convex  , stochastic gradient descent and conjugate gradient descent are often used to solve the problem. Different from traditional training procedure  , these " weak " learners are trained based on cross domain relevance of the semantic targets. Three parts should be deposited to the output stock St4 at 23  , 32 and 41 units of time. Uncertainties/entropies of the two distributions can be computed by Shannon entropy: In all experiments on the four benchmark collections  , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. On the Coupling Map  , areas of relatively high coupling   , or hot spots  , are represented by darker lines and areas of relatively low coupling  , or cool spots  , are represented by lighter lines. In application the input of the NN is the topic distribution of the query question according to latent topic model of the existing questions  , represented by θ Q *   , and its output is an estimate of its distribution in the QA latent topic model  , θ QA * . 10 . , projection  , duplicate elimination that have no influence on the emptiness of the query output. To demonstrate the usefulness of this novel language resource we show its performance on the Multilingual Question Answering over Linked Data challenge QALD-4 1 . We conducted numerous calibrations using the vector space model Singhal96  , Robertson's probabilistic retrieval strategy Robertson98  , and a modified vector space retrieval strategy. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. This toleration factor reflects the inherent resolving limitation of a given relevance scoring function  , and thus within this toleration factor  , the ranking of documents can be seen as arbitrary. For evaluation purposes  , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. The obvious similarity with RaPiD7 is the idea of having well structured meetings in RaPiD7 called workshops in order to work out system details. The carry-over optimization can yield substantial reductionq in the number of lock requests per transaction . Shannon adopted the same log measure when he established the average information-transmitting capacity of a discrete channel  , which he called the entropy  , by analogy with formulae in thermodynamics. 7. As mentioned earlier  , since these URLs  , e.g. We explain this by the fact that other factors  , such as clicks on previous documents  , are also memorized by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . The pictograms are ranked with the most relevant pictogram starting from the left. The RNN with LSTM units consists of memory cells in order to store information for extended periods of time. For a given resource  , we use this generator to decide the number of owl:sameAs statements that link this resource with other randomly chosen resources. After obtaining   , another essential component in Eqn. To maximize with respect to each variational parameter  , we take derivatives with respect to it and set it to zero. Both CLIR and CLTC are based on some computation of the similarity between texts  , comparing documents with queries or class profiles. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. Semantic Accuracy: We observed an SP of 91.92 % for the OWL-S TC query dataset. Also  , in PLSA it is assumed that all attributes motifs belonging to a component might not appear in the same observation upstream region. From the predictive modeling perspective  , homophily or its opposite  , heterophily can be used to build more accurate models of user behavior and social interactions based on multi-modal data. We use different state-of-the-art keyword-based probabilistic retrieval models such as the sequential dependence model  , a query likelihood model  , and relevance model query expansion . Random data sample selection is crucial for stochastic gradient descent based optimization. Given an initial series of computation to construct ξ ij and a starting covariance Λ 0 = Λ s i as an input parameter  , repeated queries of the effect of a series of controls and observations can be calculated efficiently. In the second experiment  , the robot moved along a corridor environment about 60 meters while capturing images under varying illumination conditions  , as shown in Fig. A summary of the results is reported in Table 1. It seems clear that patlems occurring in random indexing can be profitably exploited  , and surprisingly quickly. The major problem that multi-query optimization solves is how to find common subexpressions and to produce a global-optimal query plan for a group of queries. Table 4presents our experimental results  , as well as the four best methods according to their experiments   , i.e. , s2. The first assumption in 12 requires that The probabilistic model of retrieval 20 does this very clearly  , but the language model account of what retrieval is about is not that clear. The extent to which the information in the old memory cell is discarded is controlled by ft  , while it controls the extent to which new information is stored in the current memory cell  , and ot is the output based on the memory cell ct. LSTM is explicitly designed for learning long-term dependencies   , and therefore we choose LSTM after the convolution layer to learn dependencies in the sequence of extracted features . A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. , ridge regularization method 12. In the context of traditional materialized views  , maximum benefit is obtained when the view stores a " small " result obtained by an " expensive " computation  , as it is the case with aggregates . So far almost all the legal information retrieval systems are based on the boolean retrieval model. The major form of query optimization employed in KCRP results from proof schema structure sharing. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. Each dimension in the vector captures some anonymous aspect of underlying word meanings. The objective function in MTL Trace considers the trace-norm of matrix W for regularization. Parallel texts have been used in several studies on CLIR 2  , 6  , 19. Traverse the measure graph starting at m visiting all finer measures using breadth-first search. Essentially  , we take the ratio of the greatest likelihood possible given our hypothesis  , to the likelihood of the best " explanation " overall. To remain in the scope of the use cases discussed  , the examples are chosen from the BSH BMEcat products catalog  , within the German e-commerce marketplace. This is not CLIR  , but is used as a reference point with which CLIR performance is compared. Games in game theory tend to encompass limited interactions over a small range of behaviors and are focused on a small number of well-defined interactions. The agent builds the Q-learning model by alternating exploration and exploitation activities. We choose the Shannon entropy as the opthising functional. The solution presented in this paper addresses these concerns. These feature vectors are used to train a SOM of music segments. To e:ffectively handle integer variables and operation precedence with each part  , neural dynamic programming NDI ? In order to establish replicative validity of a query model we need to determine whether the generated queries from the model are representative of the corresponding manual queries. The rationale of using M codebooks instead of single codebook to approximate each input datum is to further minimize quantization error  , as the latter is shown to yield significantly lossy compression and incur evident performance drop 30  , 3.  In the language model approaches to information retrieval  , models that capture term dependencies achieve substantial improvements over the unigram model. Further more  , we also compared the five variants of WNBs each other. To perform such benchmark  , we use the documents of TREC6 CLIR data AP88-90 newswire  , 750MB with officially provided 25 short French-English queries pairs CL1-CL25. An efficient alternative that we use is hierarchical soft-max 18  , which reduces the time complexity to O R logW  + bM logM  in our case  , where R is the total number of words in the document sequence. When tuples are deleted from a view or a relation  , the effect must be propagated to all " higher-level " views defined on the view/relation undergoing the deletion. Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. The way RaPiD7 is applied varies significantly depending on the case. The p − value expresses the probability of obtaining the computed correlation coefficient value by chance. To prevent over-fitting  , we add an l1 regularization term to each log likelihood function. Subsequently  , each block is sorted according to geographical location second column  , value: Loc  , and finally  , the collections or the libraries first column  , value: Col/Lib are ordered alphabetically for each geographical location. Information theory borrowed the concept of entropy from the t h e o r y o f s t a t i s t i c a l thermodynamics where Boltzmann's theory s t a t e s t h a t t h e entropy of a gas changing states isothermally at temperature T i s given by: It is suspected that the trust exhibited in this game was partly related on how people perceive the robot from a game theory perspective  , in which the 'smart' thing to do is to send higher amounts of money in order to maximize profit. The display may be used in text mode or graphics mode by direct access to video memory by using SVGA-lib. In this section  , we compare DIR to the informationtheoretic measures traditionally used to evaluate rule interestingness see table 1for formulas:  the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , which measures the deviation from equilibrium;  the mutual information 12  , the Theil uncertainty 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12  , which measure the deviation from independence. Furthermore  , we will evaluate the performance and expressiveness of our approach with the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM. However  , directly optimizing the above objective function is impractical because the cost of computing the full softmax is proportional to the size of items |I|  , which is often extremely large. On the basis of sentence representations using Bi-LSTM with CNN  , we can model the interactions between two sentences. As the GRASSHOPPER did  , we divide BCDRW into three steps and introduce the detail as follows: SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. This dynamic programming gives O|s| 2  running time solution. With this approach  , the weights of the edges are directly multiplied into the gradients when the edges are sampled for model updating. 42 proposed deep learning approach modeling source code. WE metrics using word2vec 4. The localization method that we use constructs a likelihood function in the space of possible robot positions. Our approaches R-LTR-NTN and PAMM-NTN with the settings of using the PLSA or doc2vec as document representations are denoted with the corresponding subscripts. Once the relevant pictograms are selected  , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. WD " denotes the weitht decay term used to constrain the magnitude of the weights connecting each layer. In QALD-3 20  , SQUALL2SPARQL 21 achieved the highest precision in the QA track. in such a way that the ordering conditions of Figure 2still hold. Figure 5 shows that performances of CyCLaDEs are quite similar. They did not diversify the ranking of blog posts. Game theory researchers have extensively studied the representations and strategies used in games 3. The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with two-point contact. Various other theorists introduced the concept of Entropy to general systems. When we are capable of building and testing a highly predictive model of user effectiveness we will be able to do cross system comparisons via a control  , but our current knowledge of user modeling is inadequate. The data set used in our experiment comes from a commercial news portal which serves millions of daily users in a variety of countries and languages. Such effectiveness is consistent across different translation approaches as well as benchmarks. 243–318 for an introduction. 6 directly with stochastic gradient descent. To optimize the objective function of the Rank-GeoFM  , we use the stochastic gradient descent method. Vertical position is controlled by the relevance score assigned by the search engine. We have developed and analyzed two schemes to compute the probing sequence: step-wise probing and query-directed probing. The impulse was effected by tapping on the finger with a light and stiff object. give a survey on the overall architecture of DOLORES and describe its underlying multimedia retrieval model. The velocity sensor is composed of two separate components: a sensing layer containing the loop of copper in which voltage is induced and a support layer that wraps around the sensing layer after folding to restrict the sensor's movement to one degree of freedom. Notice that the likelihood function only applies a " penalty " to regions in the visual range Of the scan; it is Usually computed using ray-tracing. Locality sensitive hashing LSH  , introduced by Indyk and Motwani  , is the best-known indexing method for ANN search. Retrieval effectiveness can be improved through changes to the SLT  , unification models  , and the MSS function and scoring vector. , array of floating point values. A large number of languages  , including Arabic  , Russian  , and most of the South and South East Asian languages  , are written using indigenous scripts. We deal with this problem by starting from multiple starting points. These functional models are digitized and available as videos and interactive animations. For commercial reasons  , we have developed technology for English  , Japanese  , and Chinese CLIR. To test our proposal  , we converted a representative real-world BMEcat catalog of two well-known manufacturers and analyzed whether the results validate as correct RDF/XML datasets grounded in the GoodRelations ontology. Query optimization in general is still a big problem. Uses of probabilistic language model in information retrieval intended to adopt a theoretically motivated retrieval model. In the BSH catalog for example  , some fields that require floating point values contain non-numeric values like " / "   , " 0.75/2.2 "   , " 3*16 "   , or " 34 x 28 x 33.5 "   , which originates from improper values in the BMEcat. Based on Word2Vec 6  , Doc2Vec produces a word embedding vector  , given a sentence or document. Our most relevant work 10  presented a method to predict the performance of CLIR according to translation quality and ease of queries. Test II: Combined Models. Other ongoing research aimed at applying PCRs to ligand-protein binding and protein folding is reported in BSAOO  , SAOU. Our fast detection method for empty-result queries uses some data structure similar to materialized views − each atomic query part stored in the collection C aqp can be regarded as a " mini " materialized view. In many CNN based text classification models  , the first step is to convert word from one-hot sparse representation to a distributed dense representation using Word Embedding . Thus the extra space required for the agglomerative step is Og # r . As CL-EM is known to be unstable 14   , we smooth the parameters at each iteration t. More specifically  , we estimate It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference. The problem can be solved by existing numerical optimization methods such as alternating minimization and stochastic gradient descent. In reality  , though  , it is common that suppliers of BMEcat catalogs export the unit of measurement codes as they are found in their PIM systems. By exploiting a characteristic that high frequency components are generally less important than low frequency components  , DCT is widely used for data compression like JPEG or MPEG. So the area of the sensor location where the Q-value for recognition becomes to have a strong peak. A set of completing  , typing information is added  , so that the number of tags becomes higher. The matcher is random forest classifier  , which was learnt by labeling 1000 randomly chosen pairs of listings from the Biz dataset. Based on PLSA  , one can define the following joint model for predicting terms in different objects: 1. Hence  , the likelihood of a value assignment being useful  , is computed as: For sparse and high-dimensional binary dataset which are common over the web  , it is known that minhash is typically the preferred choice of hashing over random projection based hash functions 39. In above  , K fuzzy evidence structures are used for illustration . The most significant recent advance in programming methodology has been the constructive approach to developing correct programs or "programming calculus" formulated in Dijkstra 75  , elaborated with numerous examples in Dijkstra 76  , and discussed further in Gries 76. We define the speed-upfuctor as the ratio of the cost of DBSCAN applied to the database after all insertions and deletions and the cost of m calls of IncrementalDBSCAN once for each of the insertions resp. , 2010. Finally  , the GETHEURISTIC function is called on every state encountered by the search. The Semantic space method we use in the context of the Blog-Track'09 is Random Indexing RI  , which is not a typical method in the family of Semantic space methods. Table 5: Performances of the CLIR runs. The design includes the assignment of an appropriate set of admissible strategies and payoff functions to all players. A notification protocol waq designed to handle this case. High F1 score shows that our method achieves high value in both precision and recall. the catalog group taxonomy. Fig. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios   , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought 5. Since log L is a strictly increasing function  , the parameters of Θ which maximize log-likelihood of log L also maximize the likelihood L 31. All the techniques transform the tree into a rooted binary tree or binary composition rules before applying dynamic programming. Given that our system is trained off this data  , we believe we can drastically improve the performance of our system by identifying the blog posts have been effectively tagged  , meaning that the tags associated with the post are likely to be considered relevant by other users. The greedy pattern represents the depth-first behavior  , and the breadth-like pattern aims to capture the breadth-first search behaviors. To address the issues associated with the basic and entropybased LSH methods  , we propose a new method called multiprobe LSH  , which uses a more systematic approach to explore hash buckets. Then  , we separately perform experiments to evaluate the imputation effects of our approach and the applicability of our imputation approach for different effort estimators. Since monolingual retrieval is a special case of CLIR  , where the query terms and document terms happen to be of the same language e.g. Figure 10shows the likelihood and loop closure error as a function of EM iteration. This ranking function treats weights as probabilities. We further propose a method to optimize such a problem formulation within the standard stochastic gradient descent optimization framework. In Section 4 we introduce DBSCAN with constraints and extend it to run in online fashion. The experimental results were achieved by indexing 1991 WSJ documents TREC disk 22 with Webtrieve using stemming and stopwords remotion. This full range results naturally from the fact that our user models allow the interest elements to have weights from -1 to +1 to represent the full spectrum of interest intensities from hate to love. The error rate of a random forest depends on two factors: the correlation between trees in the forest and the strength of each individual tree. The model is built by fitting primitives to sensory data. Figure 3apresents results of the LDF clients without CyCLaDEs. The architecture of our system is rather simple as displayed in Figure 4 : given a question Q  , a search engine retrieves a list of passages ranked by their relevancy. Section 2 offers a brief introduction to the theory of support vector classification. We can easily construct a MCMC sampler so that its stationary distribution is equal to the posterior distribution of model parameters given data and prior distribution of parameters. Table 5shows that probabilistic CLIR using our system outperforms the three runs using SYSTRAN  , but the improvement over the combined MT run is very small. For each document identifier passed to the Snippet Engine   , the engine must generate text  , preferably containing query terms  , that attempts to summarize that document. autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. The pvalue denotes how likely the hypothesis of no correlation between the predicted and label data points is true. In this paper  , only triangular membership functions are coded for optimization. Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist  , too. However there are some significant problems in applying it to real robot tasks. Deep learning is an emerging research field today and  , to our knowledge  , our work is the first one that applied deep learning for assessing quality of Wikipedia articles. Based on the 149 topics of the Terabyte tracks  , the results of modified Lucene significantly outperform the original Lucene and are comparable to Juru's results. Stochastic gradient descent SGD methods iteratively update the parameters of a model with gradients computed by small batches of b examples. This paper presents a novel technique for self-folding that utilizes shape memory polymers  , resistive circuits  , and structural design features to achieve these requirements and create two­ dimensional composites capable of self-folding into three­ dimensional devices. The multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 and reduces that of the entropy-based approach by a factor of 5 to 8. In this paper  , we first analyze the theoretical property of KLSH to better understand the behavior and capacity of KLSH in similarity search. Maximizing the global parameters in MapReduce can be handled in a manner analogous to EM 33 ; the expected counts of the variational distribution generated in many parallel jobs are efficiently aggregated and used to recompute the top-level parameters. Meanwhile   , other machine learning methods can also reach the accuracy more than 0.83. These techniques are listwise deletion LD  , mean or mode single imputation MMSI and eight different types of hot deck single imputation HDSI. Comparison of Machine Learning methods for training sets of decreasing size. But without the predictive human performance modeling provided by CogTool  , productivity of skilled users would not be able to play any role at all in the quantitative measures required. This is done by recursively firing co-author search tactics. A formal model: More specifically  , let the distribution associated with node w be Θw. As these frequency spectra are not provided in evenly spaced time intervals  , we use Lagrange transformation to obtain timed snapshots. It should be noted that Axdi is calculated by each follower based on the observable state of each follower AX ,. Within the model selection  , each operation of reduction of topic terms results in a different model. The smaller bidden &er is fiwthcr used to represent the input patterns. In almost all type of applications  , it would be sufficient to set Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. In dictionary-based CLIR queries are translated into the language of documents through electronic dictionaries. If the model fitting has increased significantly  , then the predictor is kept. Therefore  , due to the scale of datasets and slightly different focus of tasks  , we did not evaluate our techniques on the QALD benchmarks  , but intend to explore it in the future. The parameters of interest are then estimated recursively 9  , 101. Invitation Figure 1  , Steps of RaPiD7 1 Preparation step is performed for each of the workshops  , and the idea is to find out the necessary information to be used as input in the workshops. Therefore  , the quality in use in different usage contexts is very important for the spreading of these knowledge bases. Methods like this rely on large labeled training set to cover as much words as possible  , so that we can take advantage of word embedding to get high quality word vectors. Also  , some approaches would face difficulty mapping the expression die from to the object property dbo:deathCause linking dbo:Person and dbo:Disease concepts. Figure 4shows an example. It allows us to estimate the models easily because model parameter inference can be done without evaluating the likelihood function. While research in the nested algebra optimization is still in its infancy  , several results from relational algebra optimization 13 ,141 can be extended to nested relations. the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. Therefore  , one can stop IMRank safely in practice by checking the change of top-k nodes between two successive iterations. Uncertainties/entropies of the two distributions can be computed by Shannon entropy: Let Y denote posterior changed probabilities after certain information is known: Y = y1  , y2  , . The replicated examples were used both when fitting model parameters and when tuning the threshold. Each iteralion contains a well-defined sequence of query optimization followed by data allocation optimization. To quantify the correlation with established query level metrics  , we computed the Pearson correlation coefficient between DSAT correlation and: i average clickthrough rate  , ii average NDCG@1  , and iii average NDCG@3. for which the discontinuities only remain for the case of deep penetrations. These methods all train their subclassifiers on the same input training set. The first  , an optimistic heuristic  , assumes that all possible matches in the sequences are made regardless of their order in the sequence. BMEcat is a powerful XML standard for the exchange of electronic product catalogs between suppliers and purchasing companies in B2B settings. The experts were not involved in the development of any of the two tools and were not aware of which tool produces which verbalization. Second  , word associations in our technique have a welldefined probabilistic interpretation. Recently  , Question Answering over Linked Data QALD has become a popular benchmark. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: The reference can be obtained using the library pathname. Shannon proposed to measure the amount of uncertainty or entropy in a distribution. The type of the tax is set to TurnoverTax  , since all taxes in BMEcat are by definition turnover taxes. We vary profile size to 5  , 10 and 30 predicates. The Pearson R coefficient of correlation is 0.884  , which is significant at the 0.05 level two-tailed. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l The mechanisms communicate with each other by a simple structure  , the file system. Library and owners can appear as value Lib  , Own  , if both the library and the owners require written permission. This part of experiment is indicated as Supervised Modeling Section 3.3. Despite the big differences between the two language pairs  , our experiments on English- Chinese CLIR consistently confirmed these findings  , showing the proposed cross-language meaning matching technique is not only effective  , but also robust. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. Unfortunately  , to use Popov's stability theory  , one must construct a strict positive real system transfer function matrix  , but this is a very tedious work. 6.1 for details on the configuration of each tested model. The 2-fold procedure enables to have enough queries ~55 in both the train and test sets so as to compute Pearson correlation in a robust manner. We are reaching the point where we are willing to tie ourselves down by declaring in advance our variable types  , weakest preconditions  , and the like. A finite-difference method is used to solve the boundary value problem. Also note that the space cost of LSH is much higher than ours as tens of hash tables are needed  , and the computational cost to construct those hash tables are not considered in the com- parison. The Pearson correlation between the actual average precision to the predicted average precision using JSD distances was 0.362. Model modifications are described in Section 3. The dropout layer  , Dropout8  , has a dropout probability of 0.5. Otherwise  , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. Recall that the problem is that for the V lock to work correctly  , updates must be classified a priori into those that update a field in an existing tuple and those that create a new tuple or delete an existing tuple  , which cannot be done in the view update scenario. Probabilistic Information Retrieval IR model is one of the most classical models in IR. These optional features can then be composed to yield a great variety of customized types for use in applications. In addition  , MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 11  , item taxonomy 9 and attributes 1  , social relations 8  , and 3-way interactions 21. NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. The purpose of this circular region is to maintain an admissible heuristic despite having an underspecified search goal. However  , the multi-query optimization technique can provide maximized capabilities of data sharing across queries once multiple queries are optimized as a batch. The learning system is applied t o a very dynamic control problem in simulation and desirable abilities have been shown. Links are labeled with sets of keywords shared by related documents. The CLIR experiments reported in this section were performed using the TREC 2002 CLIR track collection  , which contains 383 ,872 articles from the Agence France Press AFP Arabic newswire  , 50 topic descriptions written in English  , and associated relevance judgments 12. , RSH and LWH  , we randomly sample 300 query samples from the 1000 labeled samples to compute the true ranking list. An effective thesaurus-based technique must deal with the problem of word polysemy or ambiguity  , which is particularly serious for Arabic retrieval. The linkage weighting model based on link frequency can substantially and stably improve the retrieval performances. Recent developments in representation learning deep learning 5 have enabled the scalable learning of such models. Similar to what people has done for optimizing ranking measures such as MAP or NDCG  , we find an approximate solution by constructing a new approximate objective function that is differentiable. Probabilistic graphical models can further be grouped into generative models and discriminative models. i.e. Third  , our proposed model leads to very accurate bid prediction . the optimization time of DPccp is always 1. classes in PLSA. The low-rank recovery with structurized data makes full use of the information of similar samples and the correlation of all the samples. One limitation of regular LSH is that they require explicit vector representation of data points. The proportion of customers missing data for the number of port is large 44% and the customer population where data are missing may be different  , making conventional statistical treatment of missing data e.g. The majority of queries are natural language questions that are focused on finding one particular entity or several entities as exact answers to these questions. While LIB uses binary term occurrence to estimate least information a document carries in the term  , LIF measures the amount of least information based on term frequency. Traditional information retrieval models are mainly classified into classic probabilistic model  , vector space model and statistical language model. This labeling and model fitting is performed off-line and only once for each sensor. Our experiments with an English-French test collection for which a large number of topics are available showed that CLIR using bidirectional translation knowledge together with statistical synonymy significantly outperformed CLIR in which only unidirectional translation knowledge was exploited  , achieving CLIR effectiveness comparable to monolingual effectiveness under similar conditions. If we were to execute these AQ i queries  , those with non-empty results will comprise the exact set of suspicious queries. We run an experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M  , hosted on the same LDF server with 2 differents URLs. Well known works by Dijkstra DIJK72  , Wirth WIRT 71  , Gries GRIE 73 and others have assessed the usefulness of deriving a program in a hierarchical way. We measure the compressibility of the data using zero order Shannon entropy H on the deltas d which assumes deltas are independent and generated with the same probability distribution  , where pi is the probability of delta i in the data: It also reduces the delta sizes as compared to URL ordering  , with approximately 71.9% of the deltas having the value one for this ordering. , to reduce the probability of deadlock and sometimes even sacrifice data consistency to avoid performance problems. It is applicable to a variety of static and dynamic cost functions   , such as distance and motion time. In the faceted distillation task  , we use the support vector machine to evaluate the extent to which a blog post is opinionated. p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. Game theory and interdependence theory Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. We can observe that all translation types native  , C  , SQE  , SJE  , SQE+SJE have similar performance in most of BSBM queries  , ranging from 0.67 to 2.60 when normalized  ing to the native SQL queries. In all cases  , model fitting runtime is dominated by the time required to generate candidate graphs as we search through the model parameter space. More specifically  , we compute two entropy-based features for the EDA and EMG-CS data: Shannon entropy and permutation entropy. Moreover  , game theory focuses on conceptualizations for strategic interaction. The language was influenced significantly by the Dijkstra " guarded command language " 4 and CSP lo . As mentioned in Section 3.2  , a parameter is required to determine the semantic relatedness knowledge provided by the auxiliary word embeddings. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest. Dropout technique is utilized in all the experiments in the hidden layer of the sparse autoencoder and the probability of omitting each neural unit is set as 0.5. where u  , i denote pairs of citing-cited papers with non-zero entries in C. In experiments  , we used stochastic gradient descent to minimize Eq. The dynamic programming is performed off-line and the results are used by the realtime controllers. In our case  , we use a random sample of tweets crawled from a different time period to train our word embedding vectors. We also tried GRU but the results seem to be worse than LSTM. Doing so allows for powerful and general descriptions of interaction. in folding the black Jean material  , the folding edge does not stay at the position that it is left by the gripper but it slides back by 1-2cm. for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. RQ6 a. Another popular learning method  , known as sarsa  I I  , is less aggressive than Q-learning. The elements are encoded using only two word types: the tokens spanning the phrase to be predicted are encoded with 1s and all the others with 0s. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. Unfortunately  , the DMI' method has two severe shortcomings as discussed in the following 1. To verify whether the RNN model itself can achieve good performance for evaluation   , we also trained an LSTM-only model that uses only recent user embedding. In game theory  , a strategy is a method for deciding what move to make next  , given the current game state. Services such as search and browse are activated on the restricted information space described by the collection  , but this is the only customization option. This work attempts to combine these approaches thus exploiting both the strong economical background used by game theory to model the relations that define competitive actions  , as well as sophisticated data mining models to extract knowledge from the data companies accumulate. Though we use RBP and DCG as motivators  , our interest is not specifically in them but in model-based measures in general. Time Series Forest TSF 6: TSF overcomes the problem of the huge interval feature space by employing a random forest approach  , using summary statistics of each interval as features. Thus we need only to compute 6 twice per MCMC iteration . However  , prohibitively high computational cost makes it impractical for IMRank. These 690 requests were targeting 30 of our 541 monitored shells  , showing that not all homephoning shells will eventually be accessed by attackers. 11shows the simulation results of the dynamic folding using the robot motion obtained in the inverse problem. The lower perplexity the higher topic modeling accuracy. In this representation   , even though  , the GA might come up with two fit individuals with two competing conventions  , the genetic operators such aa crossover  , will not yield fitter individuals. Here  , graph equality means isomor- phism. More than 3800 text documents  , 1200 descriptions of mechanisms and machines  , 540 videos and animations and 180 biographies of people in the domain of mechanism and machine science are available in the DMG- Lib in January 2009 and the collection is still growing. For comparison  , Breese reported a computing time to generate ratings for one user using Pearson correlation of about 300ms on a PII- 266 MHz machine. The obtained transfer function matrix is given by: The optimization on this query is performed twice. Dropout is used to prevent over-fitting. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. This pattern is revealed tnost strongly by the mattix of retrieval weights  , which in all cases correctly relate documents to requests in agreement with our relevance assumptions. the action-value in the Q-learning paradigm. In future work  , we will explore how the Word Embedding training parameters affect the coherence evaluation task. This work can be characterized as demonstrating the utility of learning explicit models to allow mental simulation while learning 2. To conclude with the above example  , suppose that we want to obtain the objects and not only the Definition attribute e.g. We have submitted 6 ranking-based runs. However  , due to the limitation of random projection  , LSH usually needs a quite long hash code and hundreds of hash tables to guarantee good retrieval performance. For our probabilistic runs we used the SMART retrieval runs as provided by NIST. The task consists of transforming the price-relevant information of a BMEcat catalog to xCBL. The most representative terms generated by CTM and PLSA are shown in Table 1. Run dijkstra search from the initial node as shown in Fig.5.2. Therefore  , in a probabilistic model for video retrieval shots are ranked by their probability of having generated the query. In ll  the classification task is performed by a self-organizing Kohonen's map. Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. We were able to improve Lucene's search quality as measured for TREC data by 1 adding phrase expansion and proximity scoring to the query  , 2 better choice of document length normalization  , and 3 normalizing tf values by document's average term frequency. , " Who is the mayor of Berlin ? " A video demonstration can be found online: http://cs.uwaterloo.ca/~rtholmes/go/icse11demo. Manually built models consist mainly of text patterns  , carefully created  , tested and maintained by domain and linguistic experts. Following the method described by Sagi and Gal 32  , correlation of matrix level predictors is measured using the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient Pearsons's r . We take a multi-phase optimization approach to cope with the complexity of parallel multijoin query optimization. In general  , a better fit corresponds to a bigger LL and/or a smaller KS-distance. As in 10   , we used two kinds of correlations: Pearson and Spearman. Often  , regularization terms The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. Based on the results of this study our future research will involve the identification of language pairs for which fuzzy translation is effective  , the improvement of the rules for example  , utilising rule co-occurrence information  , testing the effects of tuning a confidence factor by a specific language pair  , selecting the best TRT and fuzzy matching combination  , and testing how to apply fuzzy translation in actual CLIR research. Joint Objective. The parameter vector of each ranking system is learned automatically . Also shown is the line of best least-squares fit. Using MCMC  , we queried for the probability of an individual being a ProblemLoan. The optimization of each stage can use statistics cardinality   , histograms computed on the outputs of the previous stages. Assuming an industrial setting  , long-term attention models that include the searcher's general interest in addition to the current session context can be expected to become powerful tools for a wide number of inference tasks. In the language modeling framework  , documents are modeled as the multinomial distributions capturing the word frequency occurrence within the documents. 4shows the beating heart motion along z axis with its interpolation function and the frequency spectrum calculated from off-line fast fourier transform. However  , previous work showed that English- Chinese CLIR using simple dictionary translation yields a performance lower than 60% of the monolingual performance 14. where a is a learning factor  , P is a discounted factor  ,  teed to obtain an optimal policy  , Q-learning needs numerous trials to learn it and is known as slow learning rate for obtaining Q-values. Also  , it will be difficult to apply the Kuhlback and Liebers' relative entropy since the " atoms " or " characters " of an image or an ensemble is difficult to define. The probability of observing the central sentence s m ,t given the context sentences and the document is defined using the softmax function as given below. Sample Code Figure 1shows the Java code of two library classes  , Lib and Priv  , and two client classes  , Enterprise and School. An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. For each procedure  , we enumerate a finite set of significant subgraphs; that is  , we enumerate subgraphs that hold semantic relevance and are likely to be good semantic clone candidates . , NDCG by using the Simulated Annealing which uses a modification of downhill Simplex method for the next candidate move to find the global min- imum. The multi-probe LSH method proposed in this paper is inspired by but quite different from the entropybased LSH method. Gray scale indicates computed relevance with white most relevant. If the grid is coarse  , dynamic programming works reasonably quickly. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. Our selected encoding of the input query as pairs of wordpositions and their respective cluster id values allows us to employ the random forest architecture over variable length input. A more difficult bias usually causes a greater proportion of features to fail KS. These A word embedding is a dense  , low-dimensional  , and realvalued vector associated with every word in a vocabulary such that they capture useful syntactic and semantic properties of the contexts that the word appears in. Here the appearance function g has to be based only on the image sequences returned from the tele-manipulation system. If there are still mul­ tiple connected components in the roadmap after this stage other techniques will be applied to try to connect different connected components see 2 for details. The product identifier can be mapped in two different ways  , at product level or at product details level  , whereby the second takes precedence over the other. The ζµi; yi is the log-likelihood function for the model being estimated. Answers dataset 5 di↵erent splits are used to generate training data for both LSTM and ranking model  , Figure 2describes the steps I took to build training datasets. We have chosen to search the LUB-tree hierarchy in a breadth-first manner  , as opposed to a depth-first search as in Quinlan 24 . In Section 2 we define our basic concepts and our model of program execution and testing. In our case  , the size of the encN is 256. Q-learning incrementally builds a model that represents how the application can be used. In this paper  , we presented Tweet2Vec  , a novel method for generating general-purpose vector representation of tweets  , using a character-level CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder architecture . Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. We see that our method strictly out-performs LSH: we achieve significantly higher recall at similar scan rate. Current approaches of learning word embedding 2  , 7  , 15  focus on modeling the syntactic context. Similarities are only computed between words in the same word list. There is a significant correlation 0.55 between the number of judged and number of found relevant documents  , which is not unexpected. XSEarch returns semantically related fragments  , ranked by estimated relevance. Our previous work on creating self-folding devices controlling its actuators with an internal control system is described in 3. If we join all subsystems in accordance with the position based dynamic look and move structures we obtain the system's block diagram. The noise in the content may create errors while doing document retrieval thus drastically reducing the precision of retrieval. lib " represents the library from which the manuscript contained in the image originates and can be one of eight labels: i AC -The Allan and Maria Myers Academic Centre  , University of Melbourne  , Australia. Run dijkstra search from the final node as shown in Fig.6. A learning task assumes that the agents do not have preliminary knowledge about the environment in which they act. Simply put  , RaPiD7 is a method in which the document in hand is authored in a team in consecutive workshops. In general  , these configurations are not present in the roadmap  , so they are added to the roadmap using the local planner. 12 propose a method figure 1c that applies LSH on a learned metric referred as M+LSH in Table 1. Then the probability is represented by the following recursive form: A system that can effectively propose relevant tags has many benefits to offer the blogging community. Both our weighting scheme and the two weighting schemes to be compared are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method to predict ratings for test users. In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. In the same spirit  , the corresponding SQL queries also consider various properties such as low selectivity  , high selectivity  , inner join  , left outer join  , and union among many others. Our measurements prove that our optimization technique can yield significant speedups  , speedups that are better in most cases than those achieved by magic sets or the NRSU-transformation. Moreover  , our own results have demonstrated that outcome matrices degrade gracefully with increased error 18. to any application. The VLBG creates a graph where each node corresponds to a state that the vehicle may visit. We define the parameters of relevant and non-relevant document language model as θR and θN .  Query execution. In fact  , Edsgar Dijkstra was so offended by the frequency of such talk that he suggested instituting a system of fines to stamp it out 12. These results are very promising and indicate that  , by using sipIIsl  , parametric query optimization can be efficiently supported in current systems. However  , PLSA found most surprising components: components containing motifs that have strong dependencies. All the scores are significantly greater compared to the baseline NoDiv in Table 4. It is designed to be used with formal query method and does not incorporate IR relevance measurements. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. This model is then converted into a vector representation as mentioned above. As we can see  , ≈40 % of calls are handled by the local cache  , regardless the number of clients. Applying the Shannon Entropy equation directly will be misleading. Random " subsequent queries are submitted to the library  , and the retrieved documents are collected. We show later that the ALSH derived from minhash  , which we call asymmetric minwise hashing MH-ALSH  , is more suitable for indexing set intersection for sparse binary vectors than the existing ALSHs for general inner products. The distinction will be addressed in more detail in Section 2.3. Dynamic programming. In terms of portability  , vertical balancing may be improved by modeling the similarity in terms of predictive evidence between source verticals. Cases for which both models yield a rather poor account typically correspond to memes that are characterized by either a single burst of popularity or by sequences of such bursts usually due to rekindled interest after news reports in other media. Differences are related to the goals of the methods and the scope of using the methods in software development projects. This is aimed at averting too long loops that would happen with simple greedy selection. Next  , we discuss the quality of our approach in terms of fitting accuracy. Que TwigS TwigStack/PRIX from 28  , 29 / ToXinScan vs. X that characterize the ce of an XML query optimizer that takes conjunction with two summary pruning ugmented with data r provides similar se of system catalog information in optimization strategy  ,   , which reduces space by identifying at contain the query a that suggest that  , can easily yield ude. Specific terms contain more semantic meanings and distinguish a topic from others. Dijkstra makes this observation in his famous letter on the GOTO statement  , Dijkstra 69 observing that computer programs are static entities and are thus easier for human minds to comprehend  , while program executions are dynamic and far harder to comprehend and reason about effectively. To put things in perspective  , music IR is still a very immature field.. For example  , to our knowledge  , no survey of user needs has ever been done the results of the European Union's HARMONICA project are of some interest  , but they focused on general needs of music libraries. It uses R*-tree to achieve better performance. Here we compare the our results with the result published by QALD-5 10. Coding theoretic arguments suggest that this structure should pcnnit us to reduce the dimensionality of our index space so as to better correspond to the ShanDon Entropy of the power set of documeDts {though this may require us to coalesce sets of documents wry unlikely to be optimal. For example  , in our current semantic test-bed developed for open access and use by the Semantic Web research community  , SWETO 3 Semantic Web Technology Evaluation Ontology detailed in 2  , there are over 800 ,000 entities and 1.5 million explicit relationships among them. template. The objective of this method is to calculate the closed loop transfer function matrix which minimise the integral squared error between the output of the robotic subsystem and a desired output @d. Of course  , the controller depends on the desired output. Given that news is separated into eight topics  , 16 interest profiles exist in a single user model. In each set of experiments presented here  , best scores in each metric are highlighted in bold whereas italic values are those better than TF*IDF baseline scores. Different limb-terrain interactions generate 222 gait bounce signals with different information content  , thus deliberate limb motions can effect higher information content. The above likelihood function can then be maximized with respect to its parameters. To enable this some training is typically needed. 3d. Stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization . It does have an analogy to the generalized likelihood ratio test Z  when the error function is the log-likelihood function. In our implementation  , we use the alternating optimization for its amenability for the cold-start settings. These results show that the performance of DD is significantly better than that of other methods under challenging conditions. Our experiments this year for the TREC 1-Million Queries Track focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine 4. Each motor of the end-effector was treated separately and a control loop similar to the one in In this set of experiments  , the position transfer function matrix  , G  , the sensitivity transfer function  , S are measured. The other sets of experiments are designed similar to the first set. both use the outcome matrix to represent interaction 4  , 6. the user leaving the ad landing page. Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels  , product classes  , properties  , value instances  , and top-level classes for each product ontology. As our model fitting procedure is greedy  , it can get trapped into local maxima. Game theory has also been used as a means for controlling a robot 5  , 7. The matrices Wqs  , Wss  , Wis  , W ds denote the projections applied to the vectors q  , sr  , ir  , dr+1; the matrix I denotes an identity matrix. As can be seen from these two tables  , our LRSRI approach outperforms other imputation methods  , especially for the case that both drive factors and effort labels are incomplete. In the method adopted here  , simulated annealing is applied in the simplex deformation. We call this the root dataset. Through extensive simulation  , Section 3 contrasts some behaviors of ρ r with those of rank-based correlation coefficients. Similar to 18  , 20 introduces a system  , TagAssist  , designed to suggest tags for blog posts. Correlations were measured using the Pearson's correlation coefficient. This ensures that each reference trajectory will affect only the corresponding joint angle and that robust steady-state tracking occurs for a class of reference trajectories and torque disturbances  , as will be discussed later. , γ j . However  , if all violations go through a small set of nodes that are not encountered on the early selected paths or these nodes get stuck on the bottom of the worklist  , then it may be worse than breadth first search. The iterative approach controls the overall complexity of the combined problem. That is  , all statistics that one computes from the completed database should be as close as possible to those of the original data. As shown in Figure 1  , the auxiliary word embeddings utilized in GPU-DMM is pre-learned using the state-of-the-art word embedding techniques from large document collections. Although content-based systems also use the words in the descriptions of the items  , they traditionally use those words to learn one scoring function. The simplex attempts to walk downhill by replacing the 3741 vertex associated with the highest error by a better point. For the LUBM dataset/queries the geometric mean stays approximately the same  , whilst the average execution time decreases. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function  , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. Section 5 presents the results  , Section 6 suggests future work  , and Section 7 concludes. Therefore  , starting with S1 document removal  , we began by indexing a random selection of 10% of the documents from the document collection. Please note in all of the experiments  , PAMM-NTN was configured to direct optimize the evaluation measure of α-NDCG@20. Therefore  , the running time of IMRank is affordable. As noise is canceled   , the KM-imputed data has slightly lower complexity than the unseen original. Their methods automatically estimate the scaling parameter s  , by selecting the fit that minimizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS D − statistic. Several concepts  , such as " summer "   , " playground " and " teenager "   , may occur simultaneously in an image or scene. We use a binary signature representation called TopSig 3 18. Subsequently  , the starting parameters which yield the best optimization result of the 100 trials is taken as global optimium. CYCLADES provides a suite of tools for personalizing information access and collaboration but is not targeted towards education or the uniqueness of accessing and manipulating geospatial and georeferenced content. Because it assumes that individuals are outcome maximizing  , game theory can be used to determine which actions are optimal and will result in an equilibrium of outcome. Breaking the Optimization Task. Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. Although the conversions completed without errors  , still a few issues could be detected in each dataset that we will cover subsequently. For example  , using gray level histogram  , a checker-board b/w pattern of 2x2 squares will have the same entropy as one with 4x4 squares covering an equal area although the latter contains more information. The likelihood function for the t observations is: Approaches to the imputation of missing values has been extensively researched from a statistical perspective 7 ,11 ,12. For this experiment we used our own implementation of self-organbdng maps as moat thoroughly described in 30. We present our applied approach  , detailed system implementation and experimental results in the context of Facebook in Section 6. As FData and RData have different feature patterns  , the combination of both result in better performance. On the other hand  , there is a rich literature addressing the related problem of Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval CLIR. To be more specific  , we add a virtual node which connects to all known nodes. Many data sets are incomplete. This is sufficiently general to describe in rigorous terms the events of interest  , and can be used to describe in homogeneous terms much of the existing work on testing. Using MATLAB  , a fast Fourier transform FFT was performed. The results from the initial workshops were encouraging and the method was taken into use in several other teams  , too. As the feasibility grids represent the crossability states of the environment   , the likelihood fields of the feasibility grids are ideally adequate for deriving the likelihood function for moving objects  , just as the likelihood fields of the occupancy grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. We call this method Variational Dynamic Programming VDP. When EHRs contain consistent data about patients and nurses modeling  , can be designed and used for devising efficient nursing patient care. One promising method is LCS longest common subsequence and another skipgrams 8. The main difficulty of this approach is feature skew  , where the template slowly stops tracking the feature of interest and creeps onto another feature. Since the model uses PLSA  , no prior distribution is or could be assumed. Fitting an individiral skeleton model to its motion data is the routine identification task rary non-ridd pose with sparse featme points. Our results lead us to conclude that parameter settings can indeed have a large impact on the performance of defect prediction models  , suggesting that researchers should experiment with the parameters of the classification techniques . Calculating the average per-word held-out likelihood   , predictive perplexity measures how the model fits with new documents; lower predictive perplexity means better fit. a single embedding is inaccurate for representing multiple topics. The CS presented in this paper implements a new approach for supporting dynamic and virtual collections  , it supports the dynamic creation of new collections by specifying a set of definition criteria and make it possible to automatically assign to each collection the specialized services that operate on it. Reference-based indexing 7  , 11  , 17  , 36  can be considered as a variation of vector space indexing. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. Cost-based query optimization techniques for XML 22  , 29 are also related to our work. We adopt the skip-gram approach to obtain our Word Embedding models. For the teams applying RaPiD7 systematically the reward is  , however  , significant. Then we do breadth first search from the virtual node. Based on this prediction  , we propose a semantic relevance calculation on categorized interpretations. There are  , however  , important differences. It was noted that few imputation methods outperformed the mean mode imputation MMI  , which is widely used. All these ways to calculate the similarity or correlation between users are based solely on the ratings of the users. This information  , along with the CS positions in the robot frame  , and with the map  , identifies the robot pose position and orientation. On the BSBM dataset  , the performance of all systems is comparable for small dataset sizes  , but RW-TR scales better to large dataset sizes  , for the largest BSBM dataset it is on average up to 10 times faster than Sesame and up to 25 times faster than Virtuoso. Our model is similar to DLESE although the latter does not support an interactive map-based interface or an environment for online learning. The most notable improvements over previous versions are the support of external catalogs and multiple languages  , and the consistent renaming of the ambiguous term ARTICLE to PRODUCT. In general  , the optimization problem 17 can be locally solved using numerical gradient-descent methods. The mixed-script joint modelling technique using deep autoencoder. We should try our best to eliminate the time that the evaluators spend on SPARQL syntax. It relies on detecting a main entity  , which is used to subdivide the query graph into subgraphs  , that are ordered and matched with pre-defined message types. the selected documents in Sr−1  , as defined in Equation 4  , and S0 is an empty set. This seemed to help users produce better and more successful sketches. This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. In order to design the controller  , we need to have the transfer function matrix of the robotic subsystem sampled with period T , ,. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. Whereas the quasi-steady model requires fitting coefficients   , this numerical model is rigorously derived from Navier Stokes equations and does not require fitting pa-rameters. dmax equals to the largest indegree among all nodes when l = 1. Since IMRank adjusts all nodes in decreasing order of their current ranking-based influence spread Mrv  , the values of Mr After each iteration of IMRank  , a ranking r is adjusted to another ranking r ′ . All interested merchants have then the possibility of electronically publishing and consuming this authoritative manufacturer data to enhance their product offerings relying on widely adopted product strong identifiers such as EAN  , GTIN  , or MPN. Finally we discuss some interesting insights about the user behavior on both platforms. The construction of a semantic space with RI is as follows: Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. Therefore  , the key issue seems to be getting the teams to try out RaPiD7 long enough to see the benefits realizing. The hierarchy among the maps is established as follows. Another sensitivity question is whether the search quality of the multi-probe LSH method is sensitive to different K values. K to approximate the result of DBSCAN. Next  , we present the details of the proposed model GPU-DMM. NMF found larger groups of yeast motifs than human motifs. We took great care to match the SHORE/C++ implementation as closely as possible  , including using the same C library random number generator and initializing it with the same seed so as to generate the same sequence of random numbers used to build the OO7 benchmark database and to drive the benchmark traversals. NL interfaces are attractive for their ease-of-use  , and definetely have a role to play  , but they suffer from a weak adequacy: habitability spontaneous NL expressions often have no FL counterpart or are ambiguous  , expressivity only a small FL fragment is covered in general. We use a model that separates observed voting data into confounding factors  , such as position and social influence bias  , and article-specific factors. It can be seen that QA ,-learning takes much fewer steps than Q-learning and fast QA ,-leaming is much faster than QA-Iearning. Mutual information is a measure of the statistical dependency between two random variables based on Shannon' s entropy and it is defined as the following: 4 Technically  , this model is called the hierarchical logit 32 and is slightly more general than the nested logit model derived from utility maximization. While TagAssist did not outperform the original tag set  , the performance is significantly better than the baseline system without tag compression and case evaluation. We consider a set of objects described by boolean variables . The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. Formally  , a normal-form game is defined as a tuple  It reaches a maximum MRR of 0.879 when trained with 6 data sources and then saturates  , retaining almost the same MRR for higher number of training data sources used. Figure 10shows the trajectory of mouse movements made by a sample user who is geographicallyrefining a query for ski. The improvements of precision and popular tag coverage are statistically significant  , both up to more than 10%. In order to evaluate the effect of adding word embeddings  , we introduce two extensions to the baselines that use the embedding features: Embedding  , Single that uses a single embedding for every document F c e features  , and Embedding  , POS that maintains different embeddings for common nouns  , proper nouns and verbs F p e features; see Section 3.1 for details. These two different interpretations of probability of relevance lead to two different probabilistic models for document retrieval. Because of the formulation  , Spearman rank correlation coefficients are unsuitable for comparisons between distributions with highly unequal scales  , such as the case for comparing classes set cardinality 2 and continuous features. to the introduction of blank nodes. , passages matching at least one query word is eligible for scoring but encourages AND-semantics i.e. Probabilistic facts model extensional knowledge. First  , we describe its overall structure Sec. SGD requires gradients  , which can be effectively calculated as follows: Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. The tasks compared the result 'click' distributions where the length of the summary was manipulated. Boldface indicates that the W value of a combined resource is equal or above the lowest W of the single resources that are combined. In case of the paper material the folding edge flips back to its initial position. Consequently  , one would expect dynamic programming to always produce better query plans for a given tree shape. Consider an optimization problem with The operation of dynamic programming can be explained as follows.  KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels  , evaluate their mAP values on the training set  , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value. where ni is the document frequency of term ti and N is the total number of documents. Overall  , English-French CLIR was very effective  , achieving at least 90% of monolingual MAP when translation alternatives with very low probability were excluded. CLIR methods involving machine translation systems  , bilingual dictionaries  , parallel and comparable collections are currently being  explored. We regularize the features to be smaller than 1 by dividing the sum of all the selected features. In this simulation  , folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not considered.  We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. 1a and 1b. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. Due to space limitation  , we will not enumerate these results here. Both benchmarks allow for the creation of arbitrary sized data sets  , although the number of attributes for any given class is lower than the numbers found in the ssa. All 24 out of 24 QALD-4 queries  , with all there syntactic variations  , were correctly fitted in NQS  , giving a high sensitivity to structural variation. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski  , Oula Heikkinen  , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. A similarly strong correlation was reported by 2. The results of PRMS are significantly worse compared to MLM in our settings  , which indicates that the performance of this model degrades in case of a large number of fields in entity descriptions. Figure 3 a and b present the topical communities extracted with the basic PLSA model  , and Figure 3c and d present the topical communities extracted with NetPLSA. As a consequence  , for a given problem the rule-based optimization always yield to the same set of solutions. Experimental studies show that this basic LSH method needs over a hundred 13 and sometimes several hundred hash tables 6 to achieve good search accuracy for high-dimensional datasets. Conduct curve fitting for sampled distance and zoom level as in an MS-Word document. At IBM  , a variety of approaches have been considered for estimating the wallet of customers for information technology IT products  , including heuristic approaches and predictive modeling. There are numerous metrics that are applicable such as informationbased metrics that result in the optimization of Shannon entropy  , mutual information  , etc. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR remains a difficult task. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. Furthermore  , based on this index structure  , Tagster incorporates a tag-based user characterization that takes into account the global tag statistics for better navigation and ranking of resources. Tuning λ ≥0 is theoretically justified for reducing model complexity  " the effective degree of freedom "  and avoiding over-fitting on training data 5. is the identity matrix. For example  , our Space Physics application 14 requires the FFT Fast Fourier Transform to be applied on large vector windows and we use OS-Split and OS- Join to implement an FFT-specific stream partitioning strategy. First  , we integrate the likelihood function 25 over Θ to derive a marginal likelihood function only conditioned on the intent bias: Let's examine this updating procedure in more detail. In a recent theoretical study 22  , Panigrahy proposed an entropy-based LSH method that generates randomly " perturbed " objects near the query object  , queries them in addi-tion to the query object  , and returns the union of all results as the candidate set. Logical query optimization uses equalities of query expressions to transform a logical query plan into an equivalent query plan that is likely to be executed faster or with less costs. A possible reason is that many of the interclass invocations are associated with APIs whose parameters are often named more carefully. The main contribution of this paper is in laying the foundations for a semantic search engine over XML documents. , Pearson correlation with true AP. First  , our proposal performs consistently better than the best DBScan results obtained with cmin = 3. Then query optimization takes place in two steps. The evaluation is based on the QALD 5 benchmark on DBpedia 6 10 . Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in Thus  , it helps IMRank to converge to a good ranking if influential nodes are initially ranked high. Representations for interaction have a long history in social psychology and game theory 4  , 6. 4due to the unsuitable profile model. BCDRW requires three inputs: a normalized adjacency matrix W  , a normalized probability distribution d that encodes the prior ranking  , and a dumpling factor λ that balances the two. These services organize procedures into a subsystem hierarchy  , by hierarchical agglomerative cluster- ing. On both datasets  , the feature weight shows that powerful users tend to express a more varied range of emotions. To introduce our general concept of feature-model compositionality   , we assume that two feature models Mx and My are composed to M x /y = Mx M C My . , denotes the set of common items rated by both and . This can be perceived from results already. If a word has no embedding  , the word is considered as having no word semantic relatedness knowledge. The about predicate says that d1 is about 'databases' with 0.7 probability and about 'retrieval' with 0.5 probability . This paper presented the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval. Channels and variables may either be local or global. Thus  , LRSRI can achieve desirable imputation effects in this general case. The other methods such as LIF and LIB*TF emphasize term frequency in each document and  , with the ability to associate one document to another by assigning term weights in a less discriminative manner  , were able to achieve better recalls. There might be two possible reasons. The first says that the imputation methods that fill in missing values outperform the case deletion and the lack of imputation. , 25 ,000 updates in a database of l ,OOO ,OOO objects   , we obtained speed-up factors of more than 10 versus DBSCAN. In particular  , the list of ISs and generic information about them  , such as their name  , a brief textual description of their content  , etc. It needed 76 evaluations  , but the chosen optimum had a yield below 10 units: worse than all the other methods  , indicating that the assumption of a global quadratic is inadequate in this domain. The products in the BSH catalog were classified according to eCl@ss 6.1  , whereas Weidmüller provide their own proprietary catalog group system. News has traditionally been delivered in pre-packaged forms originally in newspapers   , which h a ve subsequently been joined by radio and television broadcasts  , and most recently by internet news services. The log-likelihood function could be represented as:   , YN }  , we need to estimate the optimal model setting Θ = {λ k } K k=1   , which maximizes the conditional likelihood defined in Eq1 over the training set. Similar to PGM-based click models  , both RNN and LSTM configurations are trained by maximizing the likelihood of observed click events. 2 is the regularization term and λ is the weight decay parameter. Section 4 presents precision  , recall  , and retrieval examples of four pictogram retrieval approaches. However  , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D still discriminates most other ranks we find this by limiting the set of query sessions  , which are used to compute the vector states sr  , to query sessions generated by queries of similar frequencies and having a particular set of clicks. The recursive optimization techniques  , when applied to small manufacturing lines  , yield the solution with reasonable computational effort. In order to realize the personal fitting functions  , a surface model is adopted. The worst performance is by LD. Query session := <query  , context> clicked document* Each session contains one query  , its corresponding context and a set of documents which the user clicked on or labeled which we will call clicked documents. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method  , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. The unexpectedness of the most relevant results was also higher with the Linked Data-based measures. the main topic  , we utilize Doc2Vec 4. During the ARA* search  , the costs for applying a motion primitive correspond to the length of the trajectory and additionally depend on the proximity to obstacles. Similarly  , 16  integrated linkage weighting calculated from a citation graph into the content-based probabilistic weighting model to facilitate the publication retrieval. Finally  , by combining long-term and short-term user interests  , our proposed models TDSSM and MR-TDSSM successfully outperformed all the methods significantly. Boolean assertions in programming languages and testing frameworks embody this notion. All runs are compared to pLSA. We present optimization strategies for various scenarios of interest. We are currently investigating techniques to identify these effectively tagged blog posts and hope to incorporate it into future versions of TagAssist. We used the simplex downhill method Nelder and Mead 1965 for the minimization. The above question can be reformulated as follows. By emphasizing the discriminative power specificity of a term  , LIB reduces weights of terms commonly shared by unrelated documents  , leading to fewer of these documents being grouped together smaller false positive and higher precision. the probabilistic model offers justification for various methods that had previously been used in automatic retrieval environments on an empirical basis. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. dynamic programming  , greedy  , simulated annealing  , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 22. Then  , the following relation exists between However  , this extended method makes the problem of finding the optimal combination of DMP values even trickier and ultimately unmanageable for most human administrators. The base heuristic is calculated by running a 2D Dijkstra search for the robot base for which the goal region is defined by a circle centered around the x  , y projection of the goal pose. This task asks participants to use both structured data and free form text available in DBpedia abstracts. In this paper  , we utilize PLSA for discovering and matching web services. Moreover  , a fixed point for each motion primitive By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. On the other hand  , it is apparent that to fully benefit from RaPiD7 training is required  , too. Note that the model is sufficiently general in the sense that the expressions can be extended to operate on any new schematic information that may be of interest. Semantic query optimization is well motivated in the literature6 ,5 ,7  , as a new dimension to conventional query optimization. In particular  , we will test how well our approach carries over to different types of domains. Downhill Simplex method approximates the size of the region that can be reached at temperature T  , and it samples new points. The mapping of product classes and features is shown in Table 3. BSBM generates a query mix based on 12 queries template and 40 predicates. ,and rdel  , the whole databases wereincrementally inserted and deleted  , although& = 0 for the 2D spatial database. Mid-query re-optimization  , progressive optimization  , and proactive re-optimization instead initially optimize the entire plan; they monitor the intermediate result sizes during query execution  , and re-optimize only if results diverge from the original estimates. However  , there are a number of requirements that differ from the traditional materialized view context. From the experimental results   , we can see that SAE model outperforms other machine learning methods. 5 BSBM is currently focused on SPARQL queries  , therefore we plan to develop a set of representative SPARQL/Update operations to cover all features of our approach. 6  reports on a rule-based query optimizer generator  , which was designed for their database generator EXODUS 2. The likelihood function of a graph GV  , E given the latent labeling is To combat the above problem  , we propose a generalized LFA strategy that trades a slight increase in running time for better accuracy in estimating Mr  , and therefore improves the performance of IMRank on influence spread. SemSearch ES queries that look for particular entities by their name are the easiest ones  , while natural language queries TREC Entity  , QALD-2  , and INEX-LD represent the difficult end of the spectrum. Additionally  , we will assess the impact of full-text components over regular LD components for QA  , partake in the creation of larger benchmarks we are working on QALD-5 and aim towards multilingual  , schema-agnostic queries. The other feature we try to simulate for social robots is the ability to find the regions with most information. Besides the random projections of generating binary code methods  , several machine learning methods are developed recently. We show that the proposed general framework has a close relationship with the Pairwise Support Vector Machine. requiring a minimum of 90 samples given the population of 1376 products in the BMEcat. KLSH provides a powerful framework to explore arbitrary kernel/similarity functions where their underlying embedding only needs to be known implicitly. Our evaluation shows that TagAssist is able to provide relevant tag suggestions for new blog posts. The Pearson correlation coefficient suffers the same weakness 29 . It shows PLSA can capture users' interest and recommend questions effectively. A dynamic programming approach is used to calculate an optimal  , monotonic path through the similarity matrix. Having computed the topical distribution of each individual tweet  , we can now estimate an entire profile's topical diversity and do so by using the Shannon diversity theorem entropy: This ensures that our dataset enables measuring recall and all of the query-document matches  , even non-trivial  , are present. D is the maximum vertical deviation as computed by the KS test. The differences between all strategies breadth-first  , random search  , and Pex's default search strategy were negligible. For simplicity  , we only discuss CLIR modeling in this section. The tracking performances after ONE learning trial with q=20 are summarized in Table 1. By adopting cross-domain learning ideas  , DTL 28 and GFK 10 were superior to the Tag ranking  , but were inferior to the deep learning-based approach DL. 17 For comparison  , on KE4IR website we make available for download an instance of SOLR a popular search engine based on Lucene indexing the same document collection used in our evaluation  , and we report on its performances on the test queries. Basically  , DBSCAN is based on notion of density reachability. In this work  , we show that the database centric probabilistic retrieval model has various interesting properties for both automatic image annotation and semantic retrieval. This method learns a random for- est 2  with each tree greedily optimized to predict the relevance labels y jk of the training examples. Even for rather large numbers of daily updates  , e.g. Thus  , specific terms are useful to describe the relevance feature of a topic. The Shannon Entropy  , H n is defined as: Based on these semantic annotations  , an intelligent semantic search system can be implemented. WEAVER was used to induce a bilingual lexicon for our approach to CLIR. To avoid problems of over-fitting  , we regularize the model weights using L2 regularization. The Ad Hoc task provides a useful opportunity for us to get new people familiar with the tools that we will be using in the CLIR track|this year we submitted a single oocial Ad Hoc run using Inquery 3.1p1 with the default settings. A bad initial ranking prefers nodes with low influence. The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. Given that the choice for the realization of atomic graph patterns depends on whether the predicate is classified as being a noun phrase or a verb phrase  , we measured the accuracy i.e. The former is noise and thus needs to be removed before detectin the latter. A contextaware Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. A notable feature of the Fuhr model is the integration of indexing and retrieval models. Learning. Hit-ratio is measured during the real round. We plan to study these issues in the near future. This model shows that documents should be ranked according to the score These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. The first workshops  , when trying to find out the right approach for a specific document type  , are the most difficult ones. This generated a total of 34 problem evaluations  , consisting of 3060 suggested concepts/keywords. As a result  , large SPARQL queries often execute with a suboptimal plan  , to much performance detriment. For mental demand the differences were found to be significant  We will revisit and evaluate some representative retrieval models to examine how well they work for finding related articles given a seed article. Unlike the regular KLSH that adopts a single kernel  , BMKLSH employs a set of m kernels for the hashing scheme. Multi-query optimization detects common inter-and intra-query subexpressions and avoids redundant computation 10  , 3  , 18  , 19. The remaining phrases are then sorted  , and the ten highest-scoring phrases are returned. Moreover  , the Pearson product moment correlation coefficient 8  , 1 I  is utilized to measure the correlation between two itemsets. We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques  , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . They investigate the applicability of common query optimization techniques to answer tree-pattern queries. quasi-Newton method. Table 2shows the BMEcat-2005-compliant mapping for product-specific details. Typically  , not all features of feature model My are of interest for the composition with feature model Mx . The controller is based on the real-time dynamic programming technique of Barto  , Bradtke & Singh 1994 . One issue is that the true pignistic Shannon entropy on intermediate combined evidence structures is not available. Lib instances. Furthermore the LSH based method E2LSH is proposed in 20. The motivation for this work was to use transfer learning  , when the source and target domain share only a subset of classes. For example  , Smeaton and Callan 29 describe the characteristics of personalization  , recommendation  , and social aspects in next generation digital libraries  , while 1  , 26 describe an implementation of personalized recommender services in the CYCLADES digital library environment. One of the best known LSH methods for handling 1 distances is based on stable distributions 2. In sequence-to-sequence generation tasks  , an LSTM defines a distribution over outputs and sequentially predicts tokens using a softmax function. This provides a measure of the quality of executing a state-action pair. However  , RaPiD7 is not focusing on certain artifacts or phases of software development  , and actually does not state which kind of documents or artifacts could be produced using the method  , but leaves this to the practitioner of the method. However  , in some queries the translation results show significant differences  , such as in Q04 and Q05. The study used a structuring method  , in which those words that were derived from the same Finnish word were grouped into the same facet. Many models for ranking functions have been proposed previously  , including vector space model 43   , probabilistic model 41 and language model 35 . Games such as Snakes and Ladders  , Tic-Tac-Toe  , and versions of Chess have all been explored from a game theory perspective. distributions amounts to fitting a model with squared loss. We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. We then showed that the probabilistic structured query method is a special case of our meaning matching model when only query translation knowledge is used. The second example gathers and stores reference linking information for future use. multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the entropy-based approach by a factor of 7.0  , 5.5  , and 6.0 respectively for the three recall values  , while reducing the query time by half. Perhaps the best example of a  It also permits nodes which can represent topographical cues to be freely added and/or removed. Typically  , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7  , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. likelihood function. For each dataset  , the table reports the query time  , the error ratio and the number of hash tables required  , to achieve three different search quality recall values. Compared to other caching techniques in the semantic web  , the LDF cache results of a triple pattern  , increasing their usefulness for other queries  , i.e  , the probability of a cache hit is higher than the caching of a SPARQL query results. The idea behind EasyEnsemble is quite simple. Our results have practical implications to search engine companies. We use LSH for offline K-NNG construction by building an LSH index with multiple hash tables and then running a K-NN query for each object. Since the design and folding steps are automated  , these steps were finished in less than 7 minutes Tab. The average reference accuracy is the average over all the references. The goal in RaPiD7 is to benefit the whole project by creating as many of the documents as possible using RaPiD7. If the predicate belongs to the profile  , the frequency of this predicate is incremented by one and the timestamp associated to this entry is updated. In the three semantic relevance approaches 4  , 5  , and 6  , a cutoff value of 0.5 was used. Furthermore  , it can minimize the proliferation of repeated  , incomplete  , or outdated definitions of the same product master data across various online retailers; by means of simplifying the consumption of authoritative product master data from manufacturers by any size of online retailer. Fu and Guo 2 proposed a method to learn taxonomy structure via word embedding. A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. It can be seen that Q-learning incorporated with DYNA or environmental·information reduce about 50 percent of the number of steps taken by the agent. Figure 2awas taken from these data. In ROBE81 a similar retrieval model  , the 80 251 called two-poisson-independence TPI model is described. The reader is referred to the technical report by Oard and Dorr for an excellent review of the CLIR literature 18.