Overall  , social media-based methods i.e. Depending on the exact definitions  , such techniques are variously called dynamic programming  , divide and conquer  , bottom-up  , etc 3. This output has maxiniuni relative degree equal to the state space We sliow this using tlie niodel 11-12. Section 7 and 8 compare our system with structural query translation and MTbased CLIR. Therefore  , DTW is a good measure for similarity matching of sensing time series. A curious pattern  , similar to footprints on the beach  , shows up in Figure 9  , obtained with Q7 on the OptA optimizer  , where we see plan P7 exhibiting a thin cadet-blue broken curved pattern in the middle of plan P2's orange region . Match chooses a set of paths from the semistructure that match a user-given path regular expression . The pattern symbols are: Educational tasks were completed in a random but fixed order; search tool order was systematically varied across participants. A feature many felt was lacking was a " smart search technology that can predict a user's intended search query when he misspells something  , like the Google search engine's 'Did you mean ? " The idea of heuristic best-first search is to estimate which nodes are most promising in the candidate set and then continue searching in the way of the most promising node. We consider detection of cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in PHP programs as the first application of our analyzer. Thus  , if search engines can identify high quality pages early on and promote them for a relatively short period  , the pages can achieve its eventual popularity significantly earlier than under the random-surfer model. As already mentioned  , a VAD system tries to determine when a verbalization starts and when it ends. The weighted average of the user's last few link selections is passed to the search engine; results are then dynamically combined into a hypertext document. So we can proceed from the assumption that visualizing search results taking semantic information into account has a positive effect on the efficiency when assessing search result relevance. We assume that  , when no measurement information is available  , the feature can be anywhere in the 3D space with equal probability i.e. Patient demography identification task identifies patient's age and gender indicated within the visit. In the proposed system  , the bi will be the texturc feature set {3 i  ,i'} after texture extraction on the in­ put image and {+ 1  , -I} refers to edge and non-edge classes. In order to perform accurate positioning  , Dudek and Mackenzie 2 composed sonar based maps where explicit model objects were constructed out of sonar reading distribution in space. To assess the efficiency and effectiveness of our technique  , we employed SEMFIX tool to repair seeded defects as well as real defects in an open source software. If it would be a 1 in any other candidate's search  , it is a 2 in this candidate's search. The Manhattan Distance divided by the subspace dimension is used as normalized metric for trading between subspaces of different dimensionality. 27 discussed the interleaving of ASR with IR systems and suggested to combine acoustic and semantic models to enhance performance. Figure 3shows the accuracy on S500 data  , as the trees were grown in the random forest. This evolution will be characterized by a trajectory on a two-dimensional Self-Organizing Map. The coverage of a target regular expression r by a sample S is defined as the fraction of transitions in the corresponding Glushkov automaton for r that have at least one witness in S. Definition 6. As a result  , we derive a similarity search function that supports Type-2 and 3 pattern similarities. Such queries can be implemented using the general FORSEQ clause by specifying the relevant patterns i.e. The Maximum a posteriori estimate MAP is a point estimate which maximizes the log of the posterior likelihood function 3. where pβ is the prior distribution as in Equation2. He was most recently Founder and CEO of Powerset  , a semantic search startup Microsoft acquired in 2008. is currently Partner  , Search Strategist for Bing  , Microsoft's new search engine. We write NCM Y X to denote a neural click model with representation X QD  , QD+Q  , QD+Q+D and configuration Y RNN  , LSTM. The increase in search space can also be seen in the size of the resulting lattice. It is an interesting optimization problem to decide which domains to invert a static optimization and how to best evaluate the qualification given that only some of the domains are inverted. = DispersionAb2: the ability of a group of agent to spread out in order to establish and maintain some minimum inter-agent distance. A good review of these approaches are presented in I. The majority of queries are natural language questions that are focused on finding one particular entity or several entities as exact answers to these questions. , entities  , types  , frames  , temporal information for IR. We target a situation where partial relevance assessments are available on the initial ranking  , for example in the top 10. In this paper  , to tackle this problem  , we explore the latent semantic relevance among tags from text and visual perspectives. In our study  , we choose cosine similarity due to its simplicity. The challenge in designing such a RISCcomponent successfully is to identify optimization techniques that require us to enumerate only a few of all the SPJ query sub-trees. , matching slot by slot. Regular expression inference. None of the classical methods perform as well. Their strategies focus on: creating a hierarchical taxonomy using a tree to find representations of generic intents from user queries 15  , examining bias between users' search intent and the query generated in each search session 11  , or investigating query intent when users search for cognitive characteristics in documents 12 . Our system first extracted key terms from topic narratives by pattern matching. , passages which match all/most query words get priority. , 19 decrement rule: Today's compilers are quite sophisticated and are capable of using performance information to improve optimization. Organization: We discuss related work in Section 2. When features could not be extracted i.e. To avoid simply learning the identity function  , we can require that the number of hidden nodes be less than the number of input nodes  , or we can use a special regularization term. , 2009b build a probabilistic model by combining multiple types of queries with the corresponding search engine types. Jeff Rothenberg together with CLIR 25  envision a framework of an ideal preservation surrounding for emulation. The stratum approach does not depend on a particular XQuery engine. It was common  , for example   , to find programs where  , given a few hundred random searches  , the fastest search order outperformed the slowest by four or five orders of magnitude. Overall  , search started with random initial hub selection needed to rely on a much larger search scope and full-text hub selection for query routing among the hubs in order to obtain accuracy comparable to that started with interestbased initial hub selection. A finite supply of electrodes resulted in a relatively sparse set of data 87 samples and offers two distinct ways to analyze the data. In this work  , the attachment of fine muscles such as ligament  , interosseus  , lumbricalis  , and so on is not considered since it is very difficult to make it artificially. Based on the RecipeView prototype system  , we have tested the precision /recall based on our method compared to another graph matching approach MCS. ContextPMI and the Hybrid method generally achieve better accuracy and their deterioration in quality is slower compared with APMI and TempCorr . Our method outperforms the three baselines  , including method only consider PMI  , surface coverage or semantic similarity Table 2: Relevance precision compared with baselines. For these candidates  , we first create features based on the terms found in the context window. Our goal in the design of the PIA model and system was to allow a maximum freedom in the formulation and combination of predicates while still preserving a minimum semantic consensus necessary to build a meaningful user interface  , an eaecient query evaluator  , user proaele manager  , persistence manager etc. , for subsequent human translation to also support information use e.g. Our probabilistic semantic approach is based on the PLSA model that is called aspect model 2. In the following section  , we will describe two techniques that we have introduced to minimize the number of these instructions. Our branch policy requires that  , whenever feasible   , each element must be less than the pivot when compared . There are two major challenges that prevent these dynamic analyses from being used. The proposed ensemble feature selection FS technique using TS/NN has achieved higher accuracy in all data sets except Diabetes. In this paper  , we explore several methods to improve query translation for English-Chinese CLIR. To reconstruct the entire bucket set  , we apply dynamic programming recursively to the children of the root. GP makes it possible to solve complex problems for which conventional methods can not find an answer easily. An aspect is a set of pattern-matching-based rewrite rules that statically extend a given program with sets of programming statements and declarations that together implement a crosscutting concern. Surprisingly   , we find in our experiments that the cache-stationary join phase performs as well as the sort-merge implementation . Therefore  , each link will be moved back with the angular displacement corresponding to its location with respect to the other links. Owing to its simplicity and effectiveness  , CCA has been widely applied to the crossmodal retrieval 7  , face recognition 21 and word embedding 8  , 9. Considering all these elements  , the combination of data mining with game theory provides an interesting research field that has received a lot of attention from the community in recent years  , and from which a great number of new models are expected. 2  , this implies that one can compare the likelihood functions for each of the three examples shown in this figure. This is a powerful result because both the structure and internal density parameters can be optimized and compared using the same likelihood function. Precomputed join indexes are proposed in 46 . In information extraction  , important concepts are extracted from specific sections and their relationships are extracted using pattern matching. The inspection result is assumed to be fixed. It makes us believe that a prediction framework based on traditional position factors and the newly proposed visual saliency information may be a better way than existing solutions in modeling the examination behavior of search users. That is  , compared to random search  , genetic programming does not bring benefits in term of fewer NCP in this case to balance the cost caused by fitness evaluations. To facilitate pattern matching   , all verbs are replaced by their infinitives and all nouns by their singular forms. In that case  , the non-folding  , circular feet were unfairly punished in terms of lift due to the stationary nature of the test setup. In such a situation  , increasing the arc length of the path over the surface increases the coverage of the surface  , thus leading to a greater likelihood of uniform deposition. The nesting of subqueries makes certain orderings impossible  , whereas merge join is at liberty to sort the inputs as it sees fit. We tested the viability of machine learning attacks by implementing a support vector machine. A great deal of similar research has also been conducted into text similarity searching or finding the most effective means of supporting search to find highly similar or identical text in different documents. Since the positions of the acoustic landmarks are independent of the current position of a mobile robot  , we may localize the mobile robot by matching the newly acquired two dimensional pattern of the reflectors with that of the acoustic landmarks. For the Dynamic class  , temporal models that only take into account the trend or learn to decay historical data correctly perform the best. Questions and candidate snippets are analyzed by our information extraction pipeline 13   , which extracts entity mentions  , performs within-document and cross-document coreference  , detects relations between entity mentions  , compute parse trees  , and assigns semantic roles to constituents of the parse tree. An event pattern is an ordered set of strings representing a very simple form of regular expression. Set of split points is also used by dynamic programming. Yet another approach to deriving document representations that takes semantic similarities of terms into account has been proposed in 15. In attitude control loops of spacecrafts with CMGs  , the Jacobian maps gimbal rates to components of torque 1. Thus  , our solution successfully combines together two traditionally important aspects of IR: unsupervised learning of text representations word embeddings from neural language model and learning on weakly supervised data. For inference 17 use Variational EM. The results also show that the regular expression and statistical features e.g. The weights for major concepts and the sub concepts are 1.0 and 0.2  , respectively. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. Recall that we had 4 experts for The Simpsons and 3 for all other topics. The function of this stack is to support method assertions in recursive calls. We can then rewrite the dynamic programming formulations in terms of these lists of nodes. In response to a query  , each of the three indices returns zero or more results. In particular  , we describe three optimization techniques that exploit text-centric actions that IE programs often execute. Estimating £ ¤ § © in a typical retrieval environment is difficult because we have no training data: we are given a query  , a large collection of documents and no indication of which documents might be relevant. The final results show Q2 being used for root-finding instead of optimization. The last section summarizes this work and outlines directions for future work. In particular  , M3 uses the statistics to estimate the cardinality of both The third strategy  , denoted M3 in what follows  , is a variant of M2 that employs full quad-based query optimization to reach a suitable physical query plan. Our dynamic programming approach for discretization referred to as Unification in the experimental results depends on two parameters  , α and β. Automated repair techniques have received considerable recent research attentions. In this paper  , we would like to approach the problem of similarity search by enhancing the full-text retrieval library Lucene 1 with content-based image retrieval facilities. Second one  , numerically calculate the derivative using the finite difference method. When a simultaneous pattern of movement is reversed the projected trajectories in the relevant phase planes fold over. For each of the detectable objects  , the Flickr classifiers output a confidence score corresponding to the probability that the object is represented in the image. We also tried several other  , more complex models  , without achieving significantly better model fitting. We extract the search result pages belong to Yelp 2   , TripAdvisor 3 and OpenTable 4 from the first 50 results. Due to the massive parallelism available  , the FPGA can perform the searching orders of magnitude more efficiently than a GPP. Finally  , a similarity search query can be very subjective depending on a specific user in given situation. 2 Performance stability: Caret-optimized classifiers are at least as stable as classifiers that are trained using the default settings. With the help of appropriate hardware  , it is easy to fast realize. The effects described above  , and many more  , can be modeled by a Head-Related Transfer Function HRTF 15. By converting real-valued data features into binary hashing codes  , hashing search can be very fast. When no positional information is being recorded  , case folding or the removal of stop words would achieve only small savings  , since record-level inverted file entries for common words are represented very compactly in our coding methods. Second-order relationships: The relationship between two or more variables is influenced by a third variable. Figure 10shows that the search quality is not so sensitive to different K values. Since the highest working bandwidth of the system is below 100 Hz  , a transfer function of a model of the input-output torque based on the experimental data between O-LOOHz is identified. exMax: maximum memory for an external merge. Our second goal with this demo is to present some of our first experiments with query optimization in Galax. Note that because the Q function learns the value of performing actions  , Q-learning implicitly builds a model. Example of the possible rule: person_title_np = listi_personWord src_  , hum_Cap2+ src_  , $setHUM_PERSON/2 Also  , they support the regular expression style for features of words. Steady trending means a good performance on model robustness. This tree is then passed to the second phase which performs dead code removal of statements that can be proven unreachable or are never used in a computation affecting the output of the source program being optimized. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. These data could be easily incorporated to improve the predictive power  , as shown in Figure 13. One of the great advantages of direct manipulation is that it places the task in the center of what users do. the class name  , is shown at the respective position in the figure. Spatial indexing is performed using R-Trees 7  , while high-dimensional indexing relies on a proprietary scheme. Moreover  , some search engines such as Google or Live.com have started to mix dedicated news search results with the results displayed in the regular search pane i.e. As shown in Table 2  , on average  , we did not find significant change of nDCG@10 on users' reformulated queries  , although the sets of results retrieved did change a lot  , with relatively low Jaccard similarity with the results of the previous queries. Furthermore we could show that it is possible to predict the expected action based on our spatial features whereby we found that the distance measures are the most influential values. Next  , the constrained convolutional policy was compared with an ad-hoc policy on different grid-sizes. Thus  , the matrix ξ ij   , which is defined as a covariance transfer function  , is computed once using a simulation of the control law π ij . Our suggested probabilistic methods are also able to retrieve per-feature opinions for a query product. 101have been applied to test the contribution of the new optimal search directions. The code generator or translator produces a sequence of function calls in Adept's robot programming language  , V+  , that implement the given plan in our workcell. For example  , AbdulJaleel and Larkey describe a transliteration technique 1  that they successfully applied in English- Arabic CLIR. A meta search system sends a user's query to the back-end search engines  , combines the results and presents an integrated result-list to the user. Similarly  , node 2 has two children for the two occurrences " B 1 C 1 " and " B 2 F 1 " of the expression " BC|F* " . Investigation of Moodle's access control model revealed 31 semantic smells and 2 semantic errors  , distributed in 3 categories. Since all of our models require large sets of relevance-ranked training data  , e.g. This also happens to be the KB that we did more experiments on since it provided more complexity and more representative prob- lems. In other words  , despite the fact that clicked and viewed pages in the downloaded page set constitute a small fraction of this set  , these pages are promising sources for discovering new pages frontier with high search impact. Q-Learning is known to converge to an optimal Q function under appropriate conditions 10. where s t+1 is the state reached from state s when performing action a at time t. At each step  , the value of a state action pair is updated using the temporal difference term  , weighted by a learning rate α t . This query-dependent model addressed the efficiency issue in random walk by constructing a subset of nodes in the click graph based on a depth-first search from the target node. A site owner or search engine might collect data similar to the example in Figure 1. movie search. Similarity-based search of Web services has been a challenging issue over the years. However  , for the satellite docking operation  , the random search found only one feasible solution in 750 ,000 function evaluations 64 hours on 24 Sparc workstations. The main concerns were directed at the unique operations: inclusive query planning and query optimization. For example  , AlphaSort 18  , a shared-memory based parallel external sort  , uses quicksort as the sequential sorting kernel and a replacement-selection tree to merge the sorted subsets. The system takes a new  , untagged post  , finds other blog posts similar to it  , which have already been tagged  , aggregates those tags and recommends a subset of them to the end user. The other set of approaches is classified as loose coupling. the optimal substructure in dynamic programming. The user queries recommendations by filling in a form  , indicating a list of criteria. Thus we always prefer its answers over results obtained with pattern matching  , which we use as a backup for the remaining questions. We thus aim to apply an automatic feature engineering approach from deep learning in future works to automatically generate the correct ranking function. It takes as input a DTD graph G D and nodes A and B in G D   , and returns a regular expression recA  , B as output. The projective contour points of the 3-D CAD forceps in relation to the pose and gripper states were stored in a database. In the Item Constraint   , a similarity function is needed to measure the similarity of two items. Evaluation of the scoring mechanisms understanding why appropriate sentences received lower scores than higher ranked sentences and understanding the contribution of the individual mechanisms will also likely lead to improvements. The Scanning Module then collects all results together to get the histogram of the entire frame and forwards this information to the Dynamic Programming Module. The values of learning rates ⌘1 and ⌘2 are set as constant 0.05 in the experiments. For the time being  , we execute both user defined functions and normal DBMS code within the same address space. Given this disparity in run-times between the two classifiers  , the random forest is clearly a better base classifier choice for the IAEI benchmarks  , and considering only the slight performance penalty  , ACM-DBLP as well. This was our motivation for starting with a random sample of actual user queries. From a matching logic perspective  , unlike in other program verification logics  , program variables like root are not logical variables; they are simple syntactic constants. The transfer function matrix Gi is expressed as follows; We design the transfer function matrix G; similar to the case of previous section. Results show that in most test sets  , LDM outperforms significantly the state-of-the-art LM approaches and the classical probabilistic retrieval model. For example  , our Mergesort branch policy still leaves an exponential search for worst-case executions. First we conduct experiments to compare the query performance using V ERT G without optimization  , with Optimization 1 and with Optimization 2. Each label  , in our formulation   , corresponds to a separate bid phrase. The size of the regular expression generated from the vulnerability signature automaton can be exponential in the number of states of the automaton 10. Needless to say  , future work includes a long list if items. The features include text similarity   , folder information  , attachments and sender behavior. However  , traditional similarity search may fail to work efficiently within a high-dimensional vector space 33  , which is often the case for many real world information retrieval applications. 15 only considers numeric attributes and selection on a single relation  , while our method needs to handle arbitrary attributes and multiple relations. Thus  , specification-based and program-based test cases need not be rerun. In this work  , we propose the Time Varying Relational Classifier TVRC framework—a novel approach to incorporating temporal dependencies into statistical relational models. It reflects the sentiment " mass" that can be attributed to factor zj. Note the should be set to a number no smaller than in order to have enough fitting models for the model generation in a higher level. Instead of employing all available social information   , we select friends who share similar tastes with the target user by investigating their past ratings. Thus we test one retrieval model belonging to this category. More specifically  , our approach assigns to each distance value t  , a density probability value which reflects the likelihood that the exact object reachability distance is equal to t cf. Because of the recursive feature of the BACK function the is checked for the second obstacle and moved in the opposite direction to the first movement  , returning the link to the original position. For each activity  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar activities to predict the missing values. Combinatorial block designs have been employed as a method for substituting search keys. As O is computed by summing the loss for each user-POI pair  , we adopt the stochastic gradient descent SGD method for optimization . In the case of Persons 2 and Restaurants  , both methods performed equally well. Figure 5a shows a failure in fitting the profile to the sensor data around P1 in Fig. Features are computed using standard IR techniques like tokenization  , case folding  , stop-word removal  , stemming and phrase detection. Section 4 discusses our CLIR approaches. Consider the query: " Peru President  , Fujimori  , bribery scandal  , the 2000 election  , exile abroad  , impeach  , Congress of Peru "   , which is obtained based on the description field from a NTCIR-5 English-Chinese CLIR topic after stop words removal. In multimedia applications  , hashing techniques have been widely used for large-scale similarity search  , such as locality sensitive hashing 4  , iterative quantization 5 and spectral hashing 8. The intermediate output of the Viterbi program is shown as follows: arthur : 1 ,01 b : 1 ,11 sackler : 1 ,21 2 ,340.6 .. 12 ,20.5 .. : the : 0 ,210.0019 0 ,260.0027 .. 23 ,440.0014 internet : 0 ,270.0027 1 ,390.0016 .. 18 ,160.0014 unique : 0 ,280.0027 Choosing the sequence with the highest score  , we find the most likely position sequence. For each interface modeled we created a storyboard that contained the frames  , widgets  , and transitions required to do all the tasks  , and then demonstrated the tasks on the storyboard. Then the initial query is divided into several queries for different search focus. However  , there are geometric constraints such as a minimum width of the links in order provide sufficient torque from the SMP to actuate self-folding of such devices. Only our proposed Random- Forest model manages to learn the discriminating features of long queries as well as those of short ones  , and successfully differentiates between CQA queries and other queries even at queries of length 9 and above. To determine whether periodicity changed as the onset approached  , we computed the Pearson correlation coefficient   between the time between the clusters and the time from the onset. These features are usually generated based on mel-frequency cepstral coefficients MFCCs 7 by applying Fast Fourier transforms to the signal. We believe that our approach is more realistic in the long run. c Potential field at low output T= 1. , a query issued to a search engine  , and proceed until a point of termination where it is assumed that the user has completed their information-seeking activity. The effect is equivalent to that of optimizing the query using a long optimization time. Despite the various types of resources used  , out-of-vocabulary OOV words and translation disambiguation are the two major bottlenecks for CLIR 20. For each picture in our ground truth  , we query the MIT popularity API 8   , a recently proposed framework that automatically predicts image popularity scores in terms of normalized view count score given visual cues  , such as colors and deep learning features Khosla  , Das Sarma  , and Hamid 2014. Only the most robust and consistent functions are selected and they form the ranking function candidate pool. Laplacian pLSA employs a generalized version of EM to maximize the regularized log-likelihood of the topic model  , L: 5 to regularize the implicit topic model. Many different retrieval models have been proposed and tested  , including vector space models 13  , 12  , 10   , probabilistic models7  , 16  , 15  , 3  , 6  , 5  , and logic-based models17  , 19  , 2. This procedure is formalized in Alg. Unlike some traditional phrase discovery methods  , the TNG model provides a systematic way to model topical phrases and can be seamlessly integrated with many probabilistic frameworks for various tasks such as phrase discovery   , ad-hoc retrieval  , machine translation  , speech recognition and statistical parsing. In particular  , while motion planning does have the ability to answer questions about the reacha­ bility of certain goal states from other states  , its primary ob­ jective is to in fact determine the motions required to reach the goal. Optimization of the internal query represen- tation. Clearly  , the phone number conventions in US are different than in Sweden  , but also in the UK. Using information extraction tools  , predefined classes of information like locations  , persons  , and dates are annotated with special tags. The adjusted R-square  , on the other hand  , penalises R-square for the addition of regressors  , which do not contribute to the explanatory power of the model. This can be achieved by applying the negative logarithm to the original multiplicative estimator function Eq. The resultant predictors  , which differ by the inter-entity similarity measure employed  , are denoted AC rep=score;sim=doc and AC rep=score;sim=type. In particular  , we demonstrate that for a large collection of queries  , reliable similarity scores among images can be derived from a comparison of their local descriptors. This information can be considered as a user profile. The idea of the so-called pyramid search is depicted in figure 3. proposed a similar method to inverse pattern matching that included wild cards 9. In the probabilistic setting of PLSA  , the goal is to compute simultaneous estimates for the probability mass functions P5 over f~ for all 5 E ~. Reliability  , availability  , and fault tolerance were identified as primary concerns for the flight control systems of both the Airbus and Boeing. To display the according occurrence count behind each term i.e. To test our proposal  , we converted a representative real-world BMEcat catalog of two well-known manufacturers and analyzed whether the results validate as correct RDF/XML datasets grounded in the GoodRelations ontology. Consequently  , we performed a Pearson Chi-square test to check if there exists any association between the role of the respondents 7 different categories and the choice of programming language as a deciding factor for a system being legacy. Another attractive property is that the proposal is constant and does not depend on ztd  , thus  , we precompute it once for the entire MCMC sweep. This is different from  , but related to  , the use of constraints in the area of semantic query optimiza- tion CGM88. The Pearson correlations of the predicted voice quality and human-annotated voice quality are illustrated in Table  3. He et al. Our method does not require supervised relevance judgments and is able to learn from raw textual evidence and document-candidate associations alone. An important optimization technique is to avoid sorting of subcomponents which are removed afterwards due to duplicate elimination. Using a labeled sample of the AOL query log  , we observed an exponential decrease in the likelihood that the previous m queries are part of the same task as m increases see Figure 3. , 14: The ratings of each participant  , i.e. All the CLSM models in this study are trained using mini-batch based stochastic gradient descent  , as described by Shen et al. For instance  , if two labels are perfectly correlated then they will end up in the same leaf nodes and hence will be either predicted  , or not predicted  , together. The regular expression extractor acts in a similar way as the name extractor. The above design specifications can be translated into constraints on the nominal openloop transfer function  , Lojw = PojwCjw where Po@ is the nominal plant frequency response. Over-costing good plans is less of a concern in practice. We also consider its stochastic counterpart SGBDT  , by fitting trees considering a random subset of training data thus reducing the variance of the final model. The remaining query-independent features are optimised using FLOE 18. A considerable number of NEs of person  , organization and location appear in texts with no obvious surface patterns to be captured. This is accomplished by scaling the nondimensional frequency variable i = The controller transfer function is redimensionalized by essentially scaling t ,he zeros and poles of the nondimensional controller. Yet ShopBot has several limitations. One possible choice  , based on the language model  , is the clarity score7  , but it is more difficult to implement. In the following a general expression will be given  , and then will be described how to specialize it for the two cases. Optimizers of this sort generate query plans in three phases. Second  , there is a difference in the model to be discovered. Pattern matching is simple to manipulate results and implement. Hence  , by leveraging the objective function  , we can address the sparsity problem of check-in data  , without directly fitting zero check-ins. We pick the Starburst query optimizer PHH92 and mention how and where our transformations can be used. A reformulation node is chosen based on a modified form of best-first search. The imputation strategy depends on specific application scenarios and is independent of our method. As presented in Section 4.2 tSPARQL redefines the algebra of SPARQL in order to consider trust values during query execution. For instance  , let us suppose that we start with 5 links from each search engine links 1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 and select the 1 st from 1 st engine  , 3 rd from 2 nd engine  , and 5 th from 4 th engine. The individual stereo rigs are calibrated in a standard way using a calibration pattern. Suppose we can infer that a query subexpression is guaranteed to be symmetric. In a Recursive search  , on the other hand  , clients delegate control to other servers-this is illustrated in Fig- ure 4. We maintained a vocabulary of 177 ,044 phrases by choosing those with more than 2 occurrences. For text categorization  , 90% of the data were randomly selected as the training set while the other 10% were used for testing. In addition  , similar to other search-based software engineering SBSE 15  , 14 approaches  , genetic programming often suffers from the computationally expensive cost caused by fitness evaluation  , a necessary activity used to distinguish between better and worse solutions. Basically  , Support Vector Machine aim at searching for a hyperplane that separates the positive data points and the negative data points with maximum margin. Previous work in this area has assigned continuous ranking scores to essays and used the Pearson product-moment correlation or r  , between the human graders and the computer grader as the criteria1 measure . The models and procedures described here are part of the query optimization. In formalizing our search-dominant model  , we first note that the main assumption for the random-surfer model is Proposition 1: the visit popularity of a page is proportional to its current popularity. The task of generating hash codes for samples can be formalized as learning a mapping bx  , referred to as a hash function  , which can project p-dimensional real-valued inputs x ∈ R p onto q-dimensional binary codes h ∈ H ≡ {−1  , 1} q   , while preserving similarities between samples in original spaces and transformed spaces. Whether the European Article Number EAN or the Global Trade Item Number GTIN is mapped depends on the type-attribute supplied with the BMEcat element. Such functions have been utilized in the problem of merging the results of various search engines 11. Given a user attempting a search task  , the goal of our method is to learn from the on-task search behavior of other users. While coupled  , or MIMO  , controllers have an inherently greater potential for being able to uncouple a coupled system they have several potential disadvantages  , including computational complexity and they do not lend themselves to modularity. As a consequence of this observation  , we make an important observation in the arena of expert systems. A search trail consists of an origin page  , intermediate pages  , and a destination page. 12 and 13show the concave and convex transition of climbing up hill respectively. Notice that our fit is even visually very good  , and it detects seasonalities and up-or down-trends: For example   , our model fitted the success of " Wii " which launched in 2006 and apparently drew attention from the competing " Xbox " . Experimental results indicate that the model is able to achieve performance that is competitive with current state-of-the-art retrieval approaches. Alternatively  , for request-oriented indexing  , where a document's retrievability is more important than the consistency of its representation  , the weights could be derived from searchers' relevance judgements. , " amazon " and #phone and patterns e.g. Figure 3 shows a measure of this improvement. Although on a large scale the fitting is rather accurate  , the smaller and faster phenomena are not given enough attention in this model. With regards to RQ1 cluster stability scores range from 0.20 to 0.96. The similarity between this task and the previous one is that in both cases searchers have an information need. This year we conduct a best-effort strategy to crawl online opinions in the following way: We first use the candidate suggestion name with its location city + state as the query to Google 1 it. it works for any unordered data structure. For automatic relevance labels we use the available regular expression answer patterns for the TREC factoid questions. Then  , a grid search is used to determine C and α that maximize the likelihood function. As joins are expressed by conjunctions of multiple triple patterns and associated variables  , a prerequisite for join source selection is the identification of relevant sources for a given triple pattern. For 16.4% of the questions  , the nugget pyramid assigned a non-zero F-score where the original single-assessor F-score was zero. Interdependence theory  , a type of social exchange theory  , is a psychological theory developed as a means for understanding and analyzing interpersonal situations and interaction 4. In this paper  , we discussed a new method for conceptual indexing and similarity search of text. The monotonic relationship between the predicted ranking and CTRs is much more evident than the one given by the demoted grades: URLs with lower CTRs concentrate more densely in the area with lower prediction scores  , and the average Pearson correlation between the predicted ranking score and CTR across all the queries is 0.7163 with standard deviation 0.1673  , comparing to the average of 0.5764 and standard deviation of 0.6401 in the the demoted grades. For current control  , the servo transfer function of output angle as a function of input current is taken from eq 1 as For inferencing Cwm uses a forward chain reasoner for N3 rules. Using the submodular function to re-rank the questions retrieved by simple and combined query likelihood language model denoted as QLQ +sub and QLQ  , A + sub  , respectively show better results over corresponding retrieval models for all evaluation metrics. Third  , we have combined the notion of semantic relationship with traditional information-retrieval techniques to guarantee that answers are not merely semantically-related fragments  , but actually fragments that are highly relevant to the keywords of the query. Berberich et al. In the enhanced form MDLe  , it provided a formal basis for robot programming using behaviors and at the same time permitted incorporatlon of kmematic and dynamic models of robots in the form of differential equations. Game theory and interdependence theory Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Simulations showed correlation between simulated muscle activation and EMG patters found in gait. However   , our solution  , D-Search can handle categorical distributions as well as numerical ones. While some approaches use special ranking loss layers 10  , we have extended the CNN architecture using a sigmoid layer instead of the softmax layer and a cross entropy loss function. Thus  , increasing n increases the importance of achieving good transfer efficiency. We have used the framework of d-separation to provide the first formal explanation for two previously observed classes of statistical dependencies in relational data. In this paper  , we look at CLIR from a statistical modelling perspective  , similarly to how the problems of part-of-speech tagging  , speech recognition  , and machine translation have been  , successfully  , approached. Another strength of our approach is that it is a relatively simple and efficient way of incorporating time into statistical relational models. The following notions are necessary to take into account disconnectivity constraints. People  , and fraudulent software  , might click on ads for reasons that have nothing to do with topical similarity or relevance. Finally  , to compute term similarity we used publicly available 5 pre-trained word embedding vectors. As a result  , clicking on the branch representing " abdb " as shown in the figure uncovers the pattern of interest. We conducted experiments on three different datasets; two are real Web datasets from a commercial search engine and one is an artificial dataset 2 created to remove any variance caused by the quality of features and/or relevance labels. The hierarchy among the maps is established as follows. The goal of Q-learning is to create a function Q : S×A → R assigning to each state-action pair a Q-value  , Qs  , a  , that corresponds to the agent's expected reward of executing an action a in a state s and following infinitely an optimal policy starting from the next state s ′ : Qs  , a=Rs  , a+γ 2011 25 is made an extensive series of tests with several missing values treatment techniques  , and two interesting conclusions are drawn. As we shall show experimentally in the Section 5  , DTW can significantly outperform Euclidean distance on real datasets. For instance  , the following function from 28  performs a recursive access on the class hierarchy in order to figure out whether an entity is an instance of a given class. Notice that a regular expression has an equivalent automaton. Similiar to interface automata 8   , UCML takes an optimistic view on compatibility   , that means  , interfaces do not have to be a perfect match to be compatible  , but in contrast to interface automata this is not achieved by finding an environment which is compatible via the game theory. Several program repair approaches assume the existence of program specification. This is the major motivation to choose GP for the ranking function discovery task. We use LSTM-RNN for both generation and retrieval baselines. The traditional way of removing data from materialized views is deletion. shows whether query graph q l has feature fi  , and z jl indicates whether database graph gj is pruned for query graph q l . The three stages of the Viewpoint Estimator and the Next- Best-View Selection are described in detail in the following. Although not the case here  , such data would typically be obtained from a commercial spectrum analyser. The performance function Pn is approximated as Pn = ag + UJ n + a2 n2 see figure 4Based on recent measurement pairs P ,n the coefficients ai are estimated using a recursive least-square estimator with exponentially fading memory Young  , 19841. See 7 for a more detailed discussion. In summary  , query likelihood model incorporating answers is able to yield better summarization performance when the vocabulary size of the answer collection is moderate . The procedure commences with initial support and confidence threshold values  , describing a current location   in the base plane of the playing area. Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. We propose a new  , probabilistic model for combining the ranked lists of documents obtained by any number of query retrieval systems in response to a given query. In our experience of applying Pex on real-world code bases  , we identify that Pex cannot explore the entire program due to exponential path-exploration space. An ADT-method approach cannot identify common sub-expressions without inter-function optimization  , let alone take advantage of them to optimize query execution. While automatic tag recommendation is an actively pursued research topic  , to the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to study in depth the problem of automatic and real-time tag recommendation  , and propose a solution with promising performance when evaluated on two real-world tagging datasets  , i.e. Perfect match is not always guaranteed. The differences between all strategies breadth-first  , random search  , and Pex's default search strategy were negligible. This means despite the fact that some search features were perceived as more or less useful for certain search tasks  , this trend was not apparent for all search tasks. Two approaches can be distinguished: 1. translation-based systems either translate queries into the document language or languages  , or they translate documents into the query language 2. The likelihood function for the t observations is: While languages like Chinese and Japanese use multiple scripts 24  , they may not illustrate the true complexity of the MSIR scenario envisaged here because there are standard rules and preferences for script usage and well defined spellings rules. However  , note that a sort-merge anti-join cannot be used if the correlated query block is part of a procedure or function where as NISR can be used in this case. Section 5 concludes the paper. We wrote a parser combinator to parse an SVG path into a sequence of underlying operations . In order to estimate Θ  , we generally introduce the log-likelihood function defined as Figure 2illustrates how the user reranks search results in the publication search result according to the number of citing counts. As a weight we use the number of queries participating in the calculation of the metric signal this number is di↵erent for each experiment. The BSBM benchmark 1 is built around an e-commerce use case  , and its data generator supports the creation of arbitrarily large datasets using the number of products as scale factor. Through repetitively replacing bad vertices with better points the simplex moves downhill. SPE are path expressions that consist of only element or attribute names. These methods should be considered with respect to their applicability in the field of information retrieval  , especially those that are based on a probabilistic model: they have a well-founded thm retical background and can be shown to be optimum with respect to certain reasonable restrictions. For example  , " violation " in query #56 is translated to the more common " " rather than " -- " . In deciding whether a query will return an empty result set  , our method ignores those operators e.g. After that  , we submit four runs for CLIR official evaluation this year. In 12  , 14  , 22  , 26  , queries were classified according to users' search needs  , for instance  , topic distillation  , named page finding  , and homepage finding. The promising results we obtained during experimentations encourage us to propose and experiment new profiling techniques that take into account the number of transferred triples and compare with the current profiling technique. Each iteration of AO* search is composed of two parts. The first case reflects when a correct morphological variant is not present in the spell-checker word list. In this task  , the search latency was increased by a fixed amount that ranged from 0 to 1750ms  , using a step of 250ms. Therefore  , the quality in use in different usage contexts is very important for the spreading of these knowledge bases. function: All keybord interaction except the function keys is directed to the dialog object. For example  , pairs of brokers working at the same branch are more likely to share the same fraud status than randomly selected pairs of brokers. Typical cross reactions between similar patterns are actually desired and illustrate a certain tolerance for inexact matching. Further examination indicated that Dutch  , Spanish  , and Italian were good choices as pivot languages since they offered the next best coverage in EuroWordNet. , image results in image search; and 4 interaction  , e.g. The value of parameter CT at ET ll& along with SP s = s determines RR for the path point Qu ,. The learning threshold E l in our simulation study is also chosen concerning the characteristics of the sequential data sets and locates in the range 0.05  , 0.5. If you assume that the two samples are drawn from distributions with the same shape  , then it can be viewed as a comparison of the medians of the two samples. The probabilistic retrieval model also relies on an adjustment for document length 3. Second  , the mechanism actuates orthogonally over the tip load so that actuators never work in opposition with one another in the way that is usual in conventional robots. Although our plane fitting test is fast  , the time overhead that such an approach would introduce made us avoid its usage in such cases. This is an interesting result  , because although they perceived it as less safe  , they trusted it more when it comes to an economic game. They use both a probabilistic information retrieval model and vector space models. We have also manually investigated many of the signatures and found that they appear to be malicious. The resulting frequency spectra are plotted for pitch and roll in Fig. Next  , we describe our deep learning model and describe our experiments. From results presented in Section 4  , the indications are that the most unstable clusters clusters 8  , 9 and 10 should probably have formed part of other more stable clusters. 5 Due to the utilization of a set of special properties of empty result sets  , its coverage detection capability is often more powerful than that of a traditional materialized view method. To remove bias  , for each test we first warm-up the indices with 100 random searches. Autonomous robots may exhibit similar characteristics. The values of the Pearson correlation coefficients as calculated by Eq. For guard inference we choose a finite set of regular expression templates . The editor can convert the symptom into a regular expression  , thereby stripping out all the irrelevant parts of the symptom. Whereas the quasi-steady model requires fitting coefficients   , this numerical model is rigorously derived from Navier Stokes equations and does not require fitting pa-rameters. We will refer to a triple of such a regular expression and the source and destination nodes as a P-Expression e.g. For fair comparison  , we used the same five field entity representation scheme and the same query sets as in 33  Sem- Search ES consisting primarily of named entity queries  , List- Search consisting primarily of entity list search queries  , QALD- 2 consisting of entity-focused natural language questions  , and INEX-LD containing a mix of entity-centric queries of different type. Somewhat oversimplified  , by the "extension of a search word" with regard to a file is meant the list of documents or specified document parts in which a system acceptable search word a freetext word or descriptor occurs or has been applied. The early search tasks were either classical ad hoc search or high-precision search  , but following trends on the web  , recent TREC Web evaluations have focused on known-item search and topic distillation. Fre87  , GD87  , Loh88 made rule-based query optimization popular  , which was later adopted in the object-oriented context  , as e.g. The number of documents that are part of the non-retrieved set that is greater than a threshold cutoff in similarity represents missed documents that would reduce the recall rate. Recently  , search personalisation has attracted increasing attention 1  , 3  , 5  , 8  , 9. A chi-squared test found no significant difference in the number of participants beginning work across the nine conditions. 19 apply several local search techniques for the retrieval of sub-optimal solutions. It is not worth taking a risk to translate a term if the term probably perform poorly in CLIR. Work at ETH has focused SB96  on using For the examples that we present in this paper  , the computation times vary from about one minute to a few hours  , on a SPARC 10 workstation. The transfer hands have a function to be able to give a tensile force to the fiber  , thereby ensuring the fiber is straight and not break at all. A data record is said to be enumerated by a maximal repeat if the matching percentage is greater than a bound determined by the user. In Archimedes 2 we currently have implemented three degrees of optimization: a full state-space search  , a search in a subspace of plans which use given subassemblies   , and a non-optimized " first feasible plan " method. In contrast  , our goal in this paper is to infer the more general class of deterministic expressions . LSH has been extended to Kernelized Locality-Sensitive Hashing KLSH 16 by exploiting kernel similarity for better retrieval efficacy. Precision is defined as gcd/gcd+bcd and recall is defined as gcd/gcd+gncd were gcd is the number of documents belonging to the collection that are found  , bcd is the number of documents that do not belong to the collection that are found also called false positives and gncd is the number of documents belonging to the collection that are not found also called false negatives. This implementation does not include possible improvements such as inverse user frequency or case amplification 15 . Also  , our method performs well in recognition rate and show robustness in different calligraphic styles. In our case  , the size of the encN is 256. , integers  , but it also implies some control structure to sequence 154 Thus  , operators on such large-grain data structures imply some kind of extended control structure such as a loop  , a sequence of statements  , a recursive function  , or other. The determination of the preferred point correspondence is considered as an optimization problem and is solved by employing a dynamic programming technique. The system was simulated to aid understanding of the control problem  , to identify a suitable transfer function and to determine the vision system specification. As the software development progresses  , we make the lookahead prediction of the number of software faults in the subsequent incremental system testing phase  , based on the NHPP-based SRMs. The graph is displayed as a tree hierarchy  , with sort instances as leaf elements. Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. The necessary conditions for stability of vergence eye movements are obtained from 4are positive  , the poles of the conjugate eye movement transfer function are always negative  , and the conjugate eye movement is always stable. We define our ranking in Section 4.1 and describe its offline and online computation components in Sections 4.2 and 4.3  , respectively. Autonomic computing is a grand challenge  , requiring advances in several fields of science and technology  , particularly systems  , software architecture and engineering  , human-system interfaces  , policy  , modeling  , optimization  , and many branches of artificial intelligence such as planning  , learning  , knowledge representation and reasoning  , multiagent systems  , negotiation  , and emergent behavior. In Section 2 we define our basic concepts and our model of program execution and testing. The first says that the imputation methods that fill in missing values outperform the case deletion and the lack of imputation. The two main differences are that we do not make distributional assumptions and we do not not distinguish a subset of specialty words or assume a preexisting classification of documents into elite and non-elite sets. There are many different types of solution concepts in game theory  , the Nash Equilibrium being the most famous example of a solution concept. Another complex search task is that a breaking news search of Nobel Prize winner is likely to evolve to an exploratory search task of studying a certain scientific domain. The most expensive lists to look at will be the ones dropped because of optimization. APEQ 10  , from QALD-5 10  , uses a graph traversal based approach  , where it first extracts the main entity from the query and then tries to find its relations with the other entities using the given KB. If the search succeeds  , then the equivalence check returns false and the oracle reports a failure. An extended context-free grammar d is a set of rules that map each m ∈ M to a regular expression over M . Clearly a need for enhanced resources is felt. Model fitting on AE features was performed using WEKA 3.7 30  , and the response model was calculated in MATLAB. We separately evaluate the utility of temporal modeling via staleness by introducing the Staleness only method that includes the F t features. We derive two basic quanti-ties  , namely LI Binary LIB and LI Frequency LIF  , which can be used separately or combined to represent documents. Then we consider the controllers  , including servo controllers and a cross-coupled controller. Similarity measures that are based on co-occurrence in search sessions 24  , 12  , on co-clicks 2  , 10   , or on user search behavioral models 6  , 18  , 9  , 21  , are not universally applicable to all query pairs due to their low coverage of queries  , as long tail queries are rare in the query log. To determine if this is a significant effect  , we correlate the first infection duration with reinfection . Source code is often paired with natural language statements that describe its behavior. Unlike pure hill-climbing  , MPA in DAFFODIL uses a node list as in breadth-first search to allow backtracking  , such that the method is able to record alternative  " secondary " etc. Figure 5shows a partial search tree for our example constraint  , where the branches correspond to the three derivations in Figures  2  , 3  , and 4. Our fast detection method for empty-result queries uses some data structure similar to materialized views − each atomic query part stored in the collection C aqp can be regarded as a " mini " materialized view. Our model is general and simple so that it can be used to efficiently and effectively measure the similarity between any two documents with respect to certain contexts or concepts in information retrieval. Understandably  , model refinement implies exponential enhancement in the search space where the solution should be found. Instead of assuming a mechanical model  , we have decided to estimate a transfer function directly from the frequency response data. To summarize the representative aspects of a destination  , we first generate a few representative tags  , and then identify related snippets for each tag to further describe and interpret the relation between the tag and the destination. According to one model Collection-centric  , each collection is represented as a term distribution  , which is estimated from all sampled documents. Providing formal models for modeling contextual lexico-syntactic patterns is the main contribution of this work. This is an important optimization since indeed the volumes in each time interval yield a sparse vector. Thus  , y kj = 1 implies user k converted on campaign j while y kj = 0 means she did not. In all commercial systems  , the DMP is set " statically "   , that is  , when the system is started up and configured according to the administrator's specification. Outlier removal using distributional methods proceeds by fitting a model to the observed distribution and then selecting a tail probability say 0.1% to use as a definition of an outlier. The evolution of the likelihood function Lθm with respect to the signal source location x s after n samples. We employ Random Forest classifier in Weka toolkit 2 with default parameter settings. The first three are generally applicable as they require little a priori knowledge of the problem. The optimization problem presented in Section II is strongly limited by local mimima see Section IV-B for examples. However these tools often require sophisticated specification of the split  , ranging from regular expression split delimiters to context free grammars. seek to complete multiple search tasks within a single search session 14  , 15  , 22   , while also taking multiple sessions to finish a single task at times. After that it matches the query keywords with the generated service semantic graph keywords to find relevance and propose services to the user. We build a system called ARROW to automatically generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs and evaluate the effectiveness of these signa- tures. But that comes with the condition of a context-dependent quality and relevance of established associations i.e. The information retrieval literature is rich with related techniques that leverage query reformulations and clicks in the past user logs  , however  , to the best of our knowledge  , this is the first large-scale study on mobile query reformulations. Finally  , we applied data mining DM techniques based on grammar-guided genetic programming GGGP to create reference models useful for defining population groups. It is straightforward to include other variables  , such as pernode and common additive biases. Some question types have up to 500 patterns. Parameter q specifies the sentiment information from how many preceding days are considered  , and K indicates the number of hidden sentiment factors used by S-PLSA to represent the sentiment information. In our experiments  , we test the geometric mean heuristicusinga twostageN-best rescoring technique: in the first stage  , the beam search is carried out to identify the top N candidates whose scores are consequently normalized by their word sequence lengths in the second stage. Table 6summarizes the results for these three methods. Any regular expression is allowed; this can be simply a comma or slash for a split pattern or more complex expressions for a match pattern. Moreover  , here occurs the question of the evaluation of optimality of the "solution". We have included two of the highly performing methods on 2012 CCR task as baselines. 2 It is helpful for CLIR since it can extract semantically relevant queries in target language. Furthermore  , the question of whether the benefit brought by genetic programming can balance the cost caused by fitness evaluations is not addressed. A pattern describes what will be affected by the transformation; an action describes the replacement for every matching instance of the pattern in the source code. The available items are also personalized  , they are based on the behavior of the client rather than a temporal locality. , regular expressions in the WHERE clause of the general FORSEQ expression. The search costs are the average costs of new clients. Similarly  , for personal data search systems  , such as desktop search or personal email search  , often there is only a single user resulting in very small query logs. As independent input variables  , we provided single-vote averages and covered range  , both appearing as first-order and second-order polynomials  , i.e. This means that NetPLSA indeed extracts more coherence topical communities than PLSA. Xu and Weischedel 19 estimated an upper bound on CLIR performance. Option −w means searching for the pattern expression as a word. , weighted Jaccard similarity . In practice  , the proposed deep learning approach often needs to handle a huge amount of training examples in high dimensional feature spaces for the user view. Instead  , our approach maps a recursive navigation into a function call to a structurally recursive function by means of the translation method presented in 3 for a regular path expression. Periodic recomputation of the optimal leader and follower trajectories was employed to compensate for robot modeling inaccuracies. Possible patterns of references are enumerated manually and combined into a finite automaton. The general idea in these methods is t o incrementally build a search graph from the initial state and extend it toward the goal state. We implemented the accumulators for Quit and Continue as dynamic structures hash tables and when the stop criterion is as high as 10000 users  , this structure has less of an advantage over arrays. Some caution is appropriate with regard to the scope of the conclusions because this was the first year with a CLIR task at the TREC conference  , and the size of the query set was rather small. As the GRASSHOPPER did  , we divide BCDRW into three steps and introduce the detail as follows: In a similar fashion to Section 4.1  , an electronic oscil­ lator was constructed with transfer function: It is then clear that any "blind" numerical method -as Dynamic Programming   , Shooting or Penalty Functions method -will be of great complexity. The CLIR model described in 5 is based on the following decomposition: In particular  , the models proposed in 5  , 18  , 1 are considered. In the experiments  , we find that we cannot start PLSA model with a uniform distribution for P z  , P d|z  , and P w|z; otherwise  , the convergence will happen immediately in the first iteration due to the sparsity of data. During testing phase  , the texture fea­ ture extracted from the image will be classified by the support vector machine. It is first extended for similarity match on subsequences 5  , and further extended for similarity match that allows transformation such as scaling and time warp- ing 9  , 8. Because we use our model to simulate the simple combination method  , the queries for simple combination method are actually also sent to the semantic search service we developed to get the results. Trails must contain pages that are either: search result pages  , search engine homepages  , or pages connected to a search result page via a sequence of clicked hyperlinks. Different JAD sessions are not said to be alike 6  , and while this is true for RaPiD7 too  , the way RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions are planned is different. This change leads to learning rich and accurate representation compared to the previous model  , which freezes the word vectors while learning the document vectors. In this paper we have addressed the problem of deriving a likelihood function for highly accurate range scanners. Another possible solution to the problem of translation ambiguity is by using word sense disambiguation. Another possible direction for this work is fitting the features onto a global object model. The most-matched rule is a long regular expression with many alternations that resulted in 56% of the rule matches. For example  , an LS for a lecture by Professor PG's on hydraulic geometric lesson would contain collections that foster student understanding of basic concepts such as w  , d  , v  , and Q and enable hypothesis testing concerning relations among them. 1 and Eq. Finally  , holds due to the product rule for differentiation. Exhaustively searching all the states in graph G can be extremely time consuming due to the problem of combinatorial complexity exponential growth in n. Figure 10: MaxUpdates depending on database size for different relative frequencies of deletions Proposed optimization techniques are loop short-circuiting  , heuristic best-place search position and spiral search. In addition  , search cost is not proportional to dissimilarity . This is a function of three variables: To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. 20 is diagonal  , the repetitive controller for each axis can be designed independently . , are proven to have convex properties SI. Machine learning methods would allow combining the two data sources for more accurate profiles than those obtained from each source alone. The retrieval engine used for the Ad Hoc task is based on generative language models and uses cross-entropy between query and document models as main scoring criterion. Larger values of the metric indicate better performance. In particular  , dynamic pruning strategies aim to avoid the scoring of postings for documents that cannot make the top K retrieved set. This time  , however  , only the first primary descriptor assigned to the document was used  , assuming that this is the most important descriptor for the respective document. Given an event expression  , E  , we now show how to build an automaton Ms. The path is computed using dynamic programming with a cost function that is proportional to path lengthes and to the potential along the paths. Since local similarity search is a crucial operation in querying biological sequences  , one needs to pay close to the match model. The second set of experiments shed light on how the distribution of the user-defined predicates among relations in the query influences the cost of optimization.  We demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of our techniques with a comprehensive empirical evaluation on real datasets. Lee and Hwang attempt to develop a concep‐ tual bridge from game theory to interactive control of a social robot 11. To build the word embedding matrix W W W   , we extract the vocabulary from all tweets present in TMB2011 and TMB2012. In extensive experiments it has been proven to be very effective even for large teams of robots and using two different dec au pled path planning techniques. The importance of exploiting available orderings has been recognized in the seminal work of Selinger et al 4. Since the output of merge join is pre-sorted in addition to being pre-partitioned on the city  , the grouping operator uses a sort-grouping strategy. The whole transition matrix is then written as follows: Standard text search features are also available  , such as scoring and ranking of search results as well as thesaurus-based synonym search. To extract data precisely from figures in digital documents  , one must segregate the overlapping shapes and identify the shape and the center of mass of each overlapping data point. 25 concentrates on parallelizing stochastic gradient descent for matrix completion. Then mobile robots can plan motion using the multi-functional and efficient traversability vector t-vector obstacle detection model 6. Query languages may also be embedded into programming languages 2 . The data showed that users clicked mainly on the search box presumably to enter a search term and also on the search button presumably to initiate a search. Such a search-driven approach achieves extensibility by exploring evaluators rather than static pairwise rules. From the above results  , we conclude that the representation d 3 of a document d provides the means to transfer behavioral information between query sessions  , whose SERPs contain the document d. And this  , in turn  , helps to better explain user clicks on a SERP. TRECCHEM defines two independent retrieval tasks namely the Technology Survey and the Prior Art Search. The training objective is to find word representations such that the surrounding words the syntactic context can be predicted in a sentence or a document. Experiments are repeated 10 times on the whole dataset  , using different random initializations of the PLSA models. Further investigations regarding the data reconstruction ability of KM were done by looking into the compressed 1 http://www.cs.huji.ac.il/labs/compbio/LibB sizes of the data; To compress the data with missing values   , KRIMP typically requires 30% more bits than it does to encode the original data. For example  , a search for books by keywords case 2 includes both a search by title case 4 and by author case 5. Random forests use a relatively small number of attributes in determining a test at a node which makes the tree faster to build. In addition to weighting the importance of matching data in the high-information regions  , it would also be appropriate to weight the most current data more strongly. Such designs are quite important and relevant when placed in the context of emerging multi-core architectures see Section 4.3. In order to identify the list of instructions to re-evaluate  , a pattern matching is performed on the entire re-evaluation rules set. However  , only joint trajectories far from these limits will be considered for comparison purposes. This is computationally hard and has two main sources of complexity: i combinatorial explosion of possible compositions  , and ii worst-case exponential reasoning. 4 Experiments on the search results of a commercial search engine well validated its effectiveness. For each molecule inspected  , our system keeps track of the provenance of any triple matching the current pattern being handled checkIfTripleExists. 11 produced an influential paper on finding unusual time series which they call deviants with a dynamic programming approach. A large number of particles are needed to maintain a fair representation of the aposteriori distribution  , and this number grows exponentially with the size of the model's configuration space 5. To examine this  , we also measure the Pearson correlation of the queries' frequencies. However  , the extracted topics in this way would generally not be well-aligned to the expert review. At present we thercforc USC a boltom-up evaluation strategy for recursive and mutually-rccursivc set-valued functions. In the broker design  , we intent to create a discovery pattern that will be based on the well-known principle of the " separation of concerns " . This approach is suitable for building a comprehensive index  , as found in search engines such as Google or AltaVista. Antoniol  , Canfora  , Casazza  , DeLucia  , and Merlo 3 used the vector space model and a probabilistic model to recover traceability from source code modules to man pages and functional requirements. The inferences are exclusive and involve different meanings . , to assign relevance ranking values to unlabeled documents based on some relevance judgments we must incorporate a prior so as to avoid over-fitting the labeled data. Thus make it even tougher for DBSCAN to detect density region. The 90 th percentile say of the random contrasts variable importances is calculated. is based on stochastic gradient descent  , some parameters such as learning rate need to be tuned. We view the similarity metric as a tool for performing search across this structured dataset  , in which related entities that are not directly similar to a query can be reached via a multi-step graph walk. THEOREM 3.2: Let R be a regular expression over alphabet 0. Unlike these continuous space language models 30  , 31  , CLSM can project multi-word variable length queries into the embedding space. In step.1  , T h Assistant Array S Retrieved results of similarity search with and without feature selection are highly correlated. For a low-dimensional feature space  , similarity search can be carried out efficiently with pre-built space-partitioning index structures such as KD-tree or data-partitioning index structures such as R-tree 7 . We use the Kolmogorov- Smirnov test KS  , whose p-values are shown in the last column of Table 3. We expected the first prefix-global feature to receive a large negative weight  , guided by the intuition that humans would always go directly to the target as soon as this is possible. The transfer function for the simplified continuous time system is represented as The time delay can be due to computational or communication delays in either a simulated environment display or teleoperated system. A strong recovery is defined as user doing a search with non-zero recall on which she clicks on at least one result item after the zero recall search is done. The goal of multi-pattern matching is to find within a text string d all occurrences of patterns from a given set. For the velocity loop  , the transfer function is: We can obtain multiple search results rankings by sending multiple subqueries constructed in Query making to an SE. Thereby the resource that has the highest overall similarity for a specific search query is presented most conspicuous whereas resources with minor similarities are visualized less notable Figure 1. This bug corresponds to mysqld-1 in Table 3  Enable the concurrent_insert=1 to allow concurrent insertion when other query operations to the same table are still pending. As the value nears zero  , the pictogram becomes less relevant; hence  , a cutoff point is needed to discard the less relevant pictograms. We model the mixedscript features jointly in a deep-learning architecture in such a way that they can be compared in a low-dimensional abstract space. After removing this noise data from the data  , the remaining elements are transformed into the time domain by using the inverse FFT. Finding inverted and simple retrograde sequences requires a change in how the self similarity matrix is produced – instead of matching intervals exactly  , we now match intervals with sign inversions. This could result in an infinite loop which would indicate that a link has become jammed. We have developed a technique that uses a hill-climbing search to match evidence grids constructed at the same estimated position at different times. Densityr #regex successes rate 0.0  , 0.2  Experiments on partially covering samples. One test done in surface following is to see how the contact force error changes when the environment has a sinusoidal motion. The existing Cranfield style evaluation 11 is less appropriate in local search. In addition  , it extends the lexica dynamically as it finds new taxonomic names in the documents. These properties may be written in a number of different specification formalisms  , such as temporal logics  , graphical finite-state machines  , or regular expression notations  , depending on the finite-state verification system that is being employed. In particular  , the ordering we have chosen for codewords – ordered by codeword length first and then within each length by the natural ordering of the values is a total order.  WMD  , a word embedding-based framework using the Word Mover's Distance 15  to measure the querydocument relevance  , based on a word embedding vector set trained from Google News 19. We also include an additional baseline that uses multi-task learning Caruana  , 1993 to learn separate parameters for each entity  , called Baseline  , Multi-task. I 1Displacement control with inverse transfer function compensation integrals  , the output of the compensator is generally stable. Proposals for pattern-matching operators are of little use unless indices can be defined to permit . Iterative Residual Rescaling IRR 1  is proposed to counteract LSA's tendency to ignore the minor-class documents . In particular  , for the APP case there is a moderate negative correlation between the declared English proficiency and the acceptance rate PEARSON correlation with ρ = −0.46 and p = 0.005. Empty string K is a valid regular expression. We used joule heating from resistive circuit traces because as wide as possible to reduce resistance  , preventing unintended heating. Pair-wise pvalues are shown in Table 4. We now give examples of derivable relational concepts such as relational algebra and integrity constraints. We notice that  , using the proposed optimization method  , the query execution time can be significantly improved in our experiments  , it is from 1.6 to 3.9 times faster. In whatever experiments  , the BCDRW method significantly outperforms the BASIC method. We use different state-of-the-art keyword-based probabilistic retrieval models such as the sequential dependence model  , a query likelihood model  , and relevance model query expansion . The Pearson correlation between the elements of M and MΦ is However  , we use Kendall-τ as our final evaluation measure for comparing the rankings of systems produced by full set and a subset of queries. Since each hash table entry consumes about 16 bytes in our implementation   , 2 gigabytes of main memory can hold the index data structure of the basic LSH method for about 4-million images to achieve a 0.93 recall. The basic action in such strategies is transformp  , which applies some transformation to a complete PT p. Only transformations that  , produce another complete PT in the same search space are applied. 7'he relevance of a document takes the maximal value among the correspondence measures evaluated between itk component semantic expressions and the query. Federated search is the approach of querying multiple search engines simultaneously  , and combining their results into one coherent search engine result page. Table 5shows the ten most relevant records in the " game theory " topic. We present two methods for estimating term similarity. Data is not replicated and is guaranteed to be fresh at query time. Optimization of query plans using query information improves the performance of all alternatives  , and the addition of DTD-based optimizations improves them further. The agent aims not only to explore the various features of the application under test  , but also to identify the most significant features and their combinations. There are many other promising local optimal solutions in the close vicinity of the solutions obtained from the methods that provide good initial guesses of the solution. We used the simplex downhill method Nelder and Mead 1965 for the minimization. 6 and Tan 7  studied an application of singleagent Q-learning to multiagent tasks without taking into account the opponents' strategies. Encounters between robots black lines as well as loop closing constraints red lines within a trajectory are generated by scan matching. However  , when MRD translation was supplemented with parts-of-speech POS disambiguation  , or POS and corpus-based disambiguation   , CLIR queries performed much better. This year  , we devised another alternative fusion weight determination method called Auto-Fusion Optimization. The larger σ k means the model has more tively. Therefore   , in this exploratory study we compare two search interfaces; one where the facets panel is always visible and one where the facets panel is collapsible and thus hidden by default. where the measurements {Ri  , z ;} are assumed to be independent given the object state Xt. However  , it suits best for documents that are not product-like in nature. A typical approach is to map a discrete word to a dense  , low-dimensional  , real-valued vector  , called an embedding 19. In addition  , not all types of NE can be captured by pattern matching effectively. Transforming PIVOT into GROUP BY early in query compilation for example  , at or near the start of query optimization or heuristic rewrite requires relatively few changes on the part of the database implementer. The obtained coordination curve is used to design the velocity profile for each robot so that collisions are avoided. In the searching step  , we test the variables using an α-investing rule and in a sequential manner. The latter requires a human interpreter to identify the concepts in the requests. Such extension programs are written separately from the application  , whose source remains unmodified. Notice that unlike in the dynamic programming where we gradually increase the precision of d PPR By 6 we need to calculate SPPR k u efficiently in small space. , 7  , 2  , and at sentence level  , e.g. Third  , we identify features of signal clusters that are independent of any particular topic and that can be used to effectively rank the clusters by their likelihood of containing a disputed factual claim. During execution of the SQL query  , the nested SE &UIN expression is evaluated just as any other function would be. This illustrates a flaw in the model-free learning system paradigm: failing to separate controllable mechanisms from uncontrollable environment can lead to learning a controller that is fragile with respect to the behaviour of the environ- ment. It remains to be described how to evaluate the individual likelihood values. The Concern Manipulation Environment CME supports its own pattern-matching language for code querying. The objective function for the dynamic programming implementation is defined as The same redundancy arises in libraries that provide specialized implementations of functionalities already available in other components of the system. Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels  , product classes  , properties  , value instances  , and top-level classes for each product ontology. Users also indicated that Random Indexing provided more general suggestions  , while those provided by hyProximity were more granular. Apparently  , dogpile emphasizes pages highly-ranked by Live and Ask in its meta search more than Google and AOL and more than Yahoo  , Lycos  , Altavista  , and alltheweb. Search for information online through general or dedicated search engines becomes a part of our daily life. The intersection is the portion of the query-URL pairs that we have both editorial judgments and the user browsing model estimates . Figure 2: Comparison of CLIR performance on heterogeneous datasets using both short and long queries. Finally  , a hill-climbing phase in which different implernentation choices are considered reintroduces some of the interactions. The descriptor is typically a single word or phrase that is compared  , using string comparison   , to the label. The recursive method SPLIT introduced in Fig. Both key similarity search steps are covered by the generic similarity search model Section 3. A reliable search method would achieve an acceptable search most of the time. scoring  , and ranked list fusion. Note that all these operations are done directly on the compressed BitMats. There are only two parameters to tune in random forests: T   , the number of trees to grow  , and m  , the number of features to consider when splitting each node. It can be seen that the robot arm undergoes smooth transfer between autonomous function and avoidance function aa well as recovering function to cope with the unexpected event. Two teams from the University of Massachusetts 9 and the University of Maryland 2 tried variants of this approach for Text Retrieval Conference's CLIR track in 2002. The Semantic Search application runs as a client of the TAP infrastructure . The matching percentage is used because the pattern may contain only a portion of the data record. 5 This parser performed case-folding  , replaced punctuation with whitespace  , and tokenized text at whitespace boundaries. The wide spread use of blogs as a way of conveying personal views and comments has offered an unique opportunity to understand the general public's sentiments and use this information to advance business intelligence. We obtained these structures from the past TREC list questions  , and built a knowledge base for them. Similarity search has been a topic of much research in recent years. In addition  , the beam-based sensor models excluding the seeing through problem described in Sec. One of the most well-known approaches within this group is support vector machine active learning developed by Tong and Koller 31. We can see that the coverage of the 3D model is increased substantially with the pattern projector. some users ask navigational query in the current search engine to open a new one. The latter quantity is defined as the length of the regular expression excluding operators  , divided by its kvalue . It then modifies queries by randomly adding or deleting query terms. Still  , strategy 11 is only a local optimization on each query. A search session within the same query is called a search session  , denoted by s. Clicks on sponsored ads and other web elements are not considered in one search session. The goal of this work is to improve attribute prediction in dynamic domains by incorporating the influence of timevarying links into statistical relational models. Iterative search is fundamental to medical search because of medical problems' inherent fuzziness  , which often makes it difficult even for medical professionals to distinguish between right and wrong choices. We hypothesized that if users could first browse to a potentially relevant sub-node in a large directory   , results from a search in the sub-directory would be more precise than results from a search in the entire directory . The ultimate goal of this work is the development of 3D machines that can cross rugged  , natural andl manmade terrains. We assume the reader is familiar with the basic notions pertaining to datalog programs 4  , 14. Relatively to our approach  , Sen et al. We use genetic programming to evolve program variants until one is found that both retains required functionality and also avoids the defect in question. The default path flags string is " di " . As na¨ıvena¨ıve implementations that evaluate the KDE at every input point individually can be inefficient on large datasets  , implementations based on Fast Fourier Transformation FFT have been proposed. , temporal similarity and location-based similarity using different correlation metrics: Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient  , Spearman's rank correlation coefficient  , and Kendall tau rank correlation coefficient. While soft matching for retrieval was studied before  , this is the first time it is applied in the CQA vertical search scenario. In addition  , both voted-PLSA and conc-PLSA perform at least as well as Fusion-LM. Figure 4summarizes the query performance for 4 queries of the LUBM. Further research into query optimization techniques for Ad-Hoc search would be fruitful: this would also require an investigation into the trade offs with respect to effectiveness and efficiency found with such techniques. We tested the differences in relevance for all methods using the paired T-test over subjects individual means  , and the tests indicated that the difference in relevance between each pair is significant p <0.05. To infer these two measures for a newly discovered web page  , we exploit the observed click and view counts of its referring pages which were previously shown in search results. Also  , this method can be accelerated using hierarchical methods like in the pattern matching approach. Figure 1reports these scores. This engine was based originally on a number of pattern recognition tools collectively known as tgrep. However  , in some cases it is important to evaluate the energy required per ascending distance  , which we denote by cost of climbing COC  , such as when presented with different paths to the peak of a hill. In the parabolic motion calculation  , the velocity of each joint at the moment that the robot stops is considered as the initial condition. learn to extract a meaningful representation for each review text for different products using a deep learning approach in an unsupervised fashion 9. Users used the search panel to find stories  , as with the SCAN browser  , but had only the random access player  " tape-recorder "  for browsing within " documents " . We omit queries issued by clicking on the next link and use only first page requests 10 . When the objects interpenetrate the origin of TCspace slips into the TCSO  , and GJK discovers a simplex almost certainly a tetrahedron containing the origin and within the TCSO. The GoldenGATE editor natively provides basic NLP functionality like gazetteer Lists and Regular Expression patterns. For example  , during optimization  , the space of alternative query plans is searched in order to find the " optimal " query plan. The paper will also offer explanations  , why these methods have positive effects. By using the Pascal-like programming language LAP :0 Logic f Actions for Programming  , we formal­ ize the controller specification. Search engines are widely used tool for querying unstructured data  , but there is a growing interest in incorporating structured information behind the "simple" search interface. Similarity search has proven to be an interesting problem in the text domain because of the unusually large dimensionality of the problem as compared to the size of the documents . We extract the keywords from the META tag of the doorway pages and query their semantic similarity using DISCO API. Alternatively  , since the extraction rule is expressed as a regular expression with concatenation and alternative only  , it is easier to construct a finite-state machine for such an extraction rule. , museums  , landmarks  , and galleries. Regarding translation resources for CLIR  , we believe that two points are widely agreed upon:  resources are scarce and difficult to use; and  resources with greater lexical coverage are preferable. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 18. 2014 assume that the images belong to the same sentiment share the same low-level visual features is often not true  , because positive and negative images may have similar low-level visual features  , e.g. An exhaustive search method that evaluates all the possible  i 0 values can require a total of r n combinations which is exponential with n and can require a large amount of calculation time. To perform a search  , a keyword query is often submitted to a search engine and the latter returns the documents most relevant to the query. Searching can be as simple as token matching Math- World or pattern matching 15. We segmented each page into individual words by embedding the Bing HTML parser into DryadLINQ and performing the parsing and word-breaking on our compute cluster. The CDC weekly publishes the percentage of the number of physician visits related to influenza-like illness ILI within each major region in the United States. Regular expressions REs are recursively defined as follows: every alphabet symbol a ∈ Σ is a regular expression. As we have formalized link specifications as trees  , we can use Genetic Programming GP to solve the problem of finding the most appropriate complex link specification for a given pair of knowledge bases. The evaluation metric is Mean Average Precision MAP. The quality of the search depends on knowing what search terms to use and on the implemented search strategies. No optimization techniques are used. In fact  , f describes quantitatively the goal of prioritization  , such as increasing The elements are encoded using only two word types: the tokens spanning the phrase to be predicted are encoded with 1s and all the others with 0s. : Multiple-query optimization MQO 20 ,19 identifies common sub-expressions in query execution plans during optimization  , and produces globally-optimal plans. Spatial ability was measured by the Paper Folding tests and Stumpf's Cube Perspectives Test. Consequently   , a dual title-keywords representation was used in ClusterBook. Once a list of monolingual results has been retrieved in each collection   , all the lists are merged to produce a multilingual result list. The constants σ i of the final model are intended to be universal constants that should be applicable to a wider range of parameters not explicitly tested in our experiment. One can design a positioning compensator to develop a tracklng system such that the closed-loop system IS always robust to the bounded uncertalnties In the open loop dynamlcs of the robot. These experiments show that the decaying factor allows us to better distinguish strong and weak term relationships. Graphs  , which are in fact one of the most general forms of data representation   , are able to represent not only the values of an entity  , but can be used to explicitly model structural relations that may exist between different parts of an object 5 ,6. These methods have become very popular in recent years by combining good scalability with predictive accuracy. We find that it is more effective than DBSCAN in discovering functional areas in those three cities. Some of the most severe obstacles faced by developers learning a new API are related to its documentation 32  , in particular because of scarce information about the API's design  , rationale 31  , usage scenarios  , and code examples 32. It provides a distributed  , multitenant-capable search engine with a HTTP web interface. All of these sources of errors can trigger re-optimization because of a violation of the validity ranges. When compared with previous results we see that Spanish CLIR using the Metathesaurus for query translation is on the high end of the performance range of 50- 75% of baseline scores observed with approaches based on dictionaries with or without information extracted from corpora 12  , 3  , 7  , 14. The evaluation is based on the QALD 5 benchmark on DBpedia 6 10 . Christensen  , Møller and Schwartzbach developed a string analyzer for Java  , which approximates the value of a string expression with a regular language 7. To analyze the results comparing the proposed rankings  , we retain the maximum value of the similarity threshold  , i.e. , Agent-Based Simulation ABS  , Role-Playing Game RPG  , Cognitive Map  , Dynamic System Theory. The CLIR model described in 5 is based on the following decomposition: It allows learning accurate predictive models from large relational databases. It is noticeable that on topic set 1-50  , click logs remarkably outperform the other two resources across all settings of K. A possible explanation is that this topic set is derived from query logs of commercial search engines 12  , and therefore the click logs have a relatively high coverage and turn out to be an effective resource for these topics. Characterizing predictability. The fitness matrix D will be used in the dynamic programming shown in Fig. The Operator calculates which HTTP requests should have their responses bundled and is called when the Tester matches a request. Therefore  , we replace the equivalence with a weaker condition of similarity. First  , introduce a recursive function definition for exponentiation: function EXP X  , Y: INT = pre INT'GE Y  , 0 measure ORDINAL'VAL Y begin if Y = 0 then 1 else TIMES X  , EXP X  , HIBUS Y  , I end if end EXP; In the first paper  , it was put forward that Q-learning could be used at any level of the control hierarchy. Unfortunately  , the documents with the best answers may contain only one or two terms from the original query. Since all the parameters in Fig. Inferred secondary orderings or groupings can be used to infer new primary orderings or groupings. The regular expression specifies the characters that can be included in a valid token. We have scaled such that the maximum number of downloads in both the observed and predicted values is equal to 1. If a quick overview of the most common patterns in the data matrix is needed  , maximal frequent sets or NMF might be good methods to use. We used it instead of the Pearson coefficient to avoid introducing unnecessary assumptions about the distribution of the data. The Fourier coefficients are used as features for the classification. However  , the tasks administered to the subjects included both factual questions as well as locating particular pages on the Web  , while our work focuses on finding the answers to factual questions in news articles. This was particularly important in the sort-merge  ,join cast. Kumar et al. Probably one of the more important advantages is that generative topographic mapping should be open for rigorous mathematical treatment  , an area where the self- . To avoid this  , in our first tests on the first two benchmarks   , we applied a simulated annealing based 10 optimization method  , which optimized the parameters of the underlying learning method. We may justify why dynamic programming is the right choice for small-space computation by comparing dynamic programming to power iteration over the graph of Fig. We combine two retrieval strategies that work at two different To compute the inter-document similarities we build a vector space DocSpace where similar documents are represented by close vectors by means of the Semantic Vectors package 13. For each category  , a PLSA model is trained from 85% of the question sets questions and their corresponding answers  , and the left are used for testing. The core problem in developing an efficient disk-based index is to lay out the prefix tree on disk in such a fashion as to minimize the number of disk accesses required to navigate down the tree for a query  , and also to minimize the number of random disk seeks required for all index operations. doing initial retrieval using a dictionary translation  , and then improving this translation using the alignments  , as outlined above. In the two- Query Symptom q s  , dicts  , encycs  , roots  , synroots  , paras The working principle of the deterministic crossover operator is based on the operation of forward dynamic programming . As a result  , many runtime checks are avoided. However  , the search term M etallica returns many unrelated results 7 . 5. In addition to early detection of different diseases  , predictive modeling can also help to individualize patient care  , by differentiating individuals who can be helped from a specific intervention from those that will be adversely affected by the same inter- vention 7  , 8. Access rights may be granted and revoked on views just as though they were ordinary tables. Allowing variables in our method is achieved by maintaining for each token the list of variables instantiated that it contains. The model includes infrastructural costs and revenues deriving form cloud end-users which depend on the achieved level of performance of individual requests . A few investigations have examined the effect of resource size on CLIR performance. Since vague queries occur most often in interactive systems  , short response times are essential. In both cases a uniform random distribution is used. As in the experiments in search diversity  , the λ parameter in xQuAD and RxQuAD is chosen to optimize for ERR-IA on each dataset. where Wuv is the Pearson correlation between user u and user v  , and k is the number of neighbours. The authors show how click graphs can be used to improve ranking of image search results. The serial search was evaluated in both cases by using an optimal cutoff on the ranked documents. Following Csikszentmihalyi's theory of Flow 12  , a state of deep immersion is a good foundation for high performance independent of the concrete task at hand. 2 summarizes related works. In GroupLens  , for example  , users were asked to rate Usenet news articles on a scale from 1 very bad to 5 very good. We used the Search Friend system to investigate the role richer search interfaces play during different search tasks. In section 2  , we introduce briefly our work on finding the best indexing unit for Chinese IR. An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents  , 7 steps. Graph pattern matching Consider the graph pattern P from Fig. Multilingual thesauri can be built quite effectively by merging existing monolingual thesauri 27 ; the UMLS Metathesaurus is an excellent current example. K = 2 for a and K = 10 for b  , are used. The simplex attempts to walk downhill by replacing the 3741 vertex associated with the highest error by a better point. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file format. These routes are then translated into plans represented symbolically as ' discussed in Section 6. Using an error situation obtained with the sampled parameters  , a fitness unction based on the allowed recovery criteria can be defined. This is confirmed in the corresponding reduced plan diagram where the footprints disappear. SimilarDocument notion of similarity : Formalize the notion of similarity between Web documents using an external quality measure. However  , it is not possible to use this method to evaluate the integral over the space outside of the object unless the object itself is rectangular. Our system uses Random Forest RF classifiers with a set of features to determine the rank. Transformation T 3 : Each index-scan operator in P is replaced with a table-scan operator followed by a selection operator  , where the selection condition is the same as the index-scan condition. A review of home-based photo albums provides further support for the utility of viewing search results that are grouped by content features and by contexts 16. 1 We evaluate two deep learning solutions for TSC: a standard CNN and a bespoke CNN for TSC. Consider the regular expression AxBx: the patterns ABBB and ACBC are valid with x = B and x = C respectively. The recursive function generates the equivalent of o using one of the four following behaviors depending on the kind of concept the meta-class of o models. It can save computational time and storage space. This means that the program generated an optimal schedule with the same makespan in a much shorter time using function h2m. We compare the topical communities identified by PLSA and NetPLSA. With reduced dimensions  , the generalization ability can be improved. Implementing these context variants allowed us to systematically evaluate the effectiveness of different sources of context for user interest modeling. A similarity-based query is forwarded  , where the user presents an exemplar image instance  , but only incompletely specifies the feature attributes that are important for conducting the search. The weighted version RW weights the semantic clusters based on the aggregate relevance levels of the tweets included in each cluster. It is of the following form: On Restaurants  , for example  , the random forest-based system had run-times ranging from 2–5 s for the entire classification step depending on the iteration. Breaking the Optimization Task. , for run files in external merge sort G 03. The actual decoding of the speech utterance is based on searching the acoustic and language models to find out the best fitting hypothesis. To understand this behaviour better  , we analyzed the query plans generated by the RDBMS. For example  , a user can search formulae that have two to four C  , four to ten H  , and may have a substructure of CH2  , using a conjunctive search of a full frequency search C2-4H4-10 and a substructure search of CH2. Finally  , Section 5 concludes the paper. After Q-Learning is applied  , for making smooth robot motion using key frames  , cubic spline interpolation are applied using the joint angles of key frames. The query evaluation and optimization strategies are then described in Sections 4 and 5. Using this setup we evaluate PocketTrend when active or passive updates are used to push trending search content to end users. Figure 2 shows the recallprecision curves for the results of executing 19 queries with the two retrieval mechanisms LSA and probabilistic model supported in CodeBroker. SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. Meta-search engine allows a user to submit a query to several different search engines for searching all at once. L is the average number of non-zero features in each training instance. Transfer functions for this type of system were then studied and other improvements introduced. A dynamically changed DOM state does not register itself with the browser history engine automatically  , so triggering the 'Back' function of the browser is usually insufficient . The argument p is often called a template  , and its fields contain either actuals or formals. We decided to compare effective and random relative access rate for links with low rank on the top of the list and links with traffic-based cues. However  , if the specified transforms are directly applied on the input data  , many transforms such as regular-expression-based substitutions and some arithmetic expressions cannot be undone unambiguously – there exist no " compensating " transforms. An experienced searcher was recruited to run the interactive query optimization test. The similarity is measured by by mutual information between an entry candidate ei and all concepts C for query q: We hence disambiguate Wiki entries by measuring the similarity between the entires and the topics mentioned in the search queries. As with other methods  , to the best of our knowledge no quantitative tests for bias have been performed. For example  , to find documentlangauge synonyms  , we computed: Because statistical wordto-word translation models were available for use in our CLIR experiments  , we elected to find candidate synonyms by looking for words in the same language that were linked by a common translation. This mechanism prevents changes in the state of occupancy of a cell by small probability cha ,nges. After every search iteration  , we decide the actions for the search engine agent. We discuss four such operators next: index-scan  , hash join  , sort-merge join  , and group-by with aggregation. Our research seeks to explore such techniques. Experiments have been performed on a MIDI song database with a given ground truth for chords. Hence  , each free variable is set 2 and then the function INITIALIZEGLOBALS is called. Finally we show the performance of our evaluation method for five different search engine tests and compare the results with fully editorially judged ∆DCG. These two features are essentially one-step random walk features in a more general context 13. A contextaware Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. Since we are dealing with sparse depth data  , it is further desirable to have as large segments as possible -otherwise model fitting becomes impracticable due to lack of data inside segments. When two sets of inconsistent axioms are overlapping  , it indicates that certain axioms contribute more to the inconsistencies and these axioms are possibly more problematic than others. We therefore conclude that In terms of RQ4  , we find that LapPLSA regularized with explicit subtopics tends to outperform the non-regularized pLSA for cases where we do not optimize the setting of K  , and simply choose it at random from a reasonable range. It shows that for most recall values  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the basic LSH method by an order of magnitude. In order to address the importance of orthogonalized topics  , we put a regularized factor measuring the degree of topic orthogonalities to the objective function of PLSA. The Point of Diminishing Returns PDR values are explained in Section 5.2. Even if you could hire only " good developers "   , as Ambler suggests for effective formation of an agile modeling team  , in a large company these good developers will still have different backgrounds and knowledge base. The first issue can be addressed with iSPARQL query optimization  , which we investigated in 2 ,22. ever developed a LSHLocality Sensitive Hashing based method1  to perform calligraphic character recognition. To identify friends with similar tastes  , a context-aware version of Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. For example  , to identify the DirectConnect protocol we need to perform a regular expression match for: However  , we also know that the first byte of the DirectConnect TCP payload needs to be 36 and the last byte 124. The transient performance has been dramatically improved as indicated in the error power spectrum as well as the error plot in the time domain. There is a great subclass of timed Petri nets  , called timed event graphs  , which can be formalised in the max algebra in the form of the state equation. The results in Table 1show that the PI-based grasp controller performs remarkably well under the experimental conditions. All prior work critically requires sentence-aligned parallel data and readily-available translation dic- tionaries 14  , 11 to induce bilingual word embeddings BWEs that are consistent and closely aligned over languages. The role of this function is to force that reviewers who have collaborated on writing favorable reviews  , end up in the same cluster. The pre-search context  , as we defined  , is the search context that is prior to a search task and could trigger the search; in-search context is the search context during a search task  , such as query reformulation and user clickthrough during a search session. Recent years have witnessed an increasing number of vertical search services e.g. To our knowledge  , no one has yet tried to incorporate such a thesaurus within the language modeling framework. In the second set of experiments  , we use transductive support vector machine for model training. These three input parameters have already been introduced before. Less improvement is obtained here than was observed for the ligand binding because C-PRM mainly optimizes the roadmap connection phase  , and this application spends more of its time in the node generation phase than the other applications studied do. In a traditional search scenario  , a Web user submits a query describing his/her information need and a search engine returns a list of presumably relevant pages. 27 empirically showed that having more queries but shallow documents performed better than having less queries but deep documents. With a simple and fast heuristic we determine the language of the document: we assume the document to be in the language in which it contains the most stopwords. PSub pp 0 denotes the probability that the recognizer substitutes a phoneme p with p 0 . See e. g. " Game Theory " by Fudenberg and Tirole 4 pp. Therefore the fanout of internal nodes and the length of navigational paths are within a reasonable range for the users. The next steps will include the development of a folding mechanism for the wings and the integration of a terrestrial locomotion mode e.g. We describe a novel string pattern matching principle  , called n-gram search  , first proposed in preliminary form in 10. Object information discovery can take place either via random surfing i.e. K- Means will tend to group sequences with similar sets of events into the same cluster. Fig.9 shows the comparison of the Qvalue rate at probability 0.1. For these reasons  , a special dictionary alleviates the translation polysemy problem  , in which the translation of one source language word to many target language words causes fuzziness in CLIR queries. Autocorrelation was varied to approximate the following levels {0.0  , 0.25  , 0.50  , 0.75  , 1.0}. It is well-known that the permutation expression can be compacted a bit to exponential size but no further compaction is possible in regular expression notation. This shows stronger learning and generalization abilities of deep learning than the hand-crafted features. Only the basic pattern matching has been changed slightly. Then the receiver's dynamic type must be a subtype of its static type. The random forest and pam combination provides middling results. Similar to squeezing with a parallel jaw gripper  , the first step in analyzing this basic action could be to consider the degenerate case in which both fingers of the gripper touch the part simultaneously   , and there is no pull phase. Ballesteros and Croft 1997 studied the effect of corpus-based query expansion on CLIR performance  , and found that expansion helped to counteract the negative effects of translation failures. As an illustrative example  , Figure 1shows the average relevance distribution estimate resulting for the Lemur Indri search system and the pLSA recommender –which we use as baselines in our experiments in section 4. Some work combining geographic and temporal information extracted from documents for search and exploration tasks has been studied in 15  , 20 but without focusing on document similarity. Although framed mainly in the context of a specific set of game rules  , we extend the theory into the real world by first observing that user population on Steam Community does not follow real-world geographic population and  , more importantly   , cheaters are not uniformly distributed. However  , a slight drop of performance can be observed for high θ values  , because it produces a large number of pattern clusters i.e. The entity pairs are extracted from the body of the archived documents first by splitting the documents into sentences using the Stanford CoreNLP library 4 . A user with zero-recall search in her search trail has a purchase rate which is 0.64 times the purchase rate of user who did not Table 5describes this factor for various user segments. The aim of this work is to provide developers and end users with a semantic search engine for open source software. In Section 5  , we present experimental results illustrating the capabilities of the implemented planners. We take a different approach of matching a model to the observed points  , commonly used in the robotics community. In this section  , the È ØØÓÐÐÐÔ×× operation introduced in Section 3.2.1 is trivially generalized to collapse every path in a set of paths. The word segmentation is performed based on maximizing the segmented token probability via dynamic programming. In this discussion  , we will focus on the transfer function between actuator position/velocity and the actuator force  , as the phase relationship between these will relate to our optimal spring problem. Performance on the official TREC-8 ad hoc task using our probabilistic retrieval model is shown in Figure 7. Figure 6: Similarity between locally popular documents at 2 sites all the search sites taken together. This information can be used for measuring image similarity. However  , it is relatively more difficult for global variables as aliasing has to be considered to identify global variable related def-use relations  , and path reduction is not that helpful for global variables; 2 the source operands of the overflowed integer operations are from trusted sources or constants  , but the overflowed data in the two versions with different precisions did have different values at sinks; 3 IntEQ failed to recognized some benign IOs for hashing  , where the data flow paths involve recursive function calls or cross over different object files. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to use a weighted-multiple-window-based approach in a language model for association discovery. This interface allows users to capture a screenshot of any interface  , enter some query keywords  , and submit the resulting multimodal query to the search engine  , and display the search result in a Web browser. Finally  , it describes how SBMPC was specialized to the steep hill climbing problem. Translation experiments and CLIR experiments are based on the CLEF topic titles C041-C200  , which are capitalized  , contain stopwords and full word forms. Since there is no closed form solution for the parameters w and b that minimize Equation 1  , we resort to Stochastic Gradient Descent 30  , a fast and robust optimization method. The translation resource was EuroWordNet  , a multilingual thesaurus consisting of WordNets for various European languages including those used in TREC CLIR queries 20. It is the length of the projection of one vector onto the other unit vector. For example  , consider the case where all the transfer function matrices in 10 are diagonal. Both directions of the transformation should be considered in query optimization. Hence  , similar to the basic push action 7  , 111  , the basic pull action serves as a basis for a transfer function for a part feeder which uses pull operations to orient parts to a unique final orientation. We induced a bilingual lexicon from the translated corpus by treating the translated corpus as a pseudo-parallel corpus. One can check whether the fitness function for the satellite docking problem exhibits this property by performing a large number of statistical hillclimbing runs 6. As can be seen in the table  , CnC detects all the errors found by JCrasher with only a fraction of the test cases except for UB-Stack  , where JCrasher found few opportunities to create random data conforming to the class's interface and slightly fewer reports. In an experiment  , titles of 1000 PDF files were extracted with SciPlore Xtract. Constraints expressed in logical formulas are often very expensive to check. The robot is able to successfully locate the object using information provided exclusively by the second robot. The first one is about the consequences of these results for data fragmentation. , 4 and LD see e.g. For example  , the industry standard leverages state-of-theart statistical machine translation SMT to translate the query into the target language  , in which standard retrieval is performed 4 . engines and are very short  , nonnegligible surfing may still be occurring without support from search engines. Our system focuses on ordered twig pattern matching  , which is essential for applications where the nodes in a twig pattern follow the document order in XML. Combining these two probabilities helps reduce the overlap of robot sensory areas toward the goal of minimizing the likelihood of a target escaping detection. Compared with DBMS based systems Minerva and DLDB  , it greatly reduced the load time. To our best knowledge  , we are among the first to adopt visual saliency information in predicting search examination behavior. For instance  , if we know that the search concept is clouds  , we can weight the blue channel and texture negation predicates more heavily to achieve better search results. 3 Finally  , there are still rooms to improve the utilization of a probabilistic model for CLIR. , YL94  , duplicate elimination removal PL94  , and DISTINCT pullup and pushdown  , should be applied to coalescing. In the same vein  , there are several examples of navigational queries in the IBM intranet where the best result is a function of the geography of the user  , i.e. However  , deciding whether a given index is eligible to evaluate a specific query predicate is much harder for XML indexes than for relational indexes. More recently the generalized vector space model has shown good potential for CLIR 6. For each token  , we look for the longest pattern of token features that matches with pattern rules. We first have to introduce an additional XPath function Named match to allow Unix filename pattern matching within XPath. The transfer function fp for a path p in the ICFG is the composition of the functions for the nodes and the interprocedural edges on the path. It is up to the search strategy to keep some or all of them LVGl. We then present a constructive argument to show that only On projection sets need be considered to obtain the diameter function. TBSL 19 uses so called BOA patterns as well as string similarities to fill the missing URIs in query templates and bridge the lexical gap. However  , the edit distance for similarity measurement is not used for two reasons: 1 Computing edit distances of the query and all the names in the data set is computationally expensive  , so a method based on indexed features of substrings is much faster and feasible in practice . ×MUST generates the second smallest test suite containing the largest number of non-redundant tests and the smallest number of redundant tests Fig. It can be seen that the classifiers that produced the best results were the Random Forest classifier for the HTML features  , the J48 classifier for the Java- Script features  , and the J48 classifier for the URL-and host-based features. We enforced C&C constraints by integrating C&C checking into query optimization and evaluation. Typically  , HRI research explores the mechanisms for interaction  , such as gaze following  , smooth pursuit  , face detection  , and affect characterization 8. Our approach to structured retrieval for QA works by encoding this linguistic and semantic content as annotations on text  , and by using a retrieval model that directly supports constraint-checking and ranking with respect to document structure and annotations in addition to keywords. In the latter case  , 10 becomes a scalar quantity and the stability can be studied using conventional methods. which fragments slmultl be fetched from tertiary memory . Exactly this type of optimization lies in the heart of a read-optimized DB design and comprises the focus of this paper. Consider the following piece of code: For query optimization  , we show how the DataGuide can be used as a parh index. Make a planning according t o the planning procedureFig.1. For application in a CLIR system  , pairs from classes 1 through 4 are likely to help for extracting good terms. The general approach can be used to specify the vehicle velocity at the top of the hill in the steep hill climbing problem. For a non-OOV term  , we show that if there exists an effective translation in dictionaries  , it is suggested that translating si would help CLIR performance. Table 5gives the overall results of these experiments using an annealing constant of 0.4 and 10k iterations. proposed a contextual computing approach to improve personalized search efficiency 4. To solve the problem  , we propose a new probabilistic retrieval method  , Translation model  , Specifications Generation model  , and Review and Specifications Generation model  , as well as standard summarization model MEAD  , its modified version MEAD-SIM  , and standard ad-hoc retrieval method. Concatenation   , alternation  , and transitive closure are interpreted as function composition  , union  , and function transitive closure respectfully. Thus  , a recurrence relation can be established as The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. Thus  , it is important for a translation system based CLIR approach to maintain the uncertainty in translating queries when queries are ambiguous. In our previous research about digital libraries 1  and large digital book collec- tions 2  we proposed three general metrics  , i.e. A learning method which optimizes for accuracy would choose h2 since that results in a higher accuracy score  , but this yields a suboptimal MAP score. When users press the search button  , UC will search in the Lucene indexed documents  , not in the XML files or the database. KLSH provides a powerful framework to explore arbitrary kernel/similarity functions where their underlying embedding only needs to be known implicitly. part of the scheduler to do multiple query optimization betwtcn the subqucries. Solid lines show the performance of the CNNbased model. In the following  , we focus on such an instantiation   , namely we employ as optimization goal the coverage of all query terms by the retrieved expert group. We have conducted experiments with other approaches that allow intermediate values. This saves a pass over the data by combining the last merge pass of external sort with join-merge pass. In all experiments on the four benchmark collections  , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. Each iteration of the stochastic gradient descent in PV-DBOW goes through each word exactly once  , so we use the document length 1/#d to ensure equal regularizations over long and short documents. In general  , the quality of solutions increases with density. The combined search aggregates text and visual similarity. , until a complete plan for the query has been chosen. A second sense of the word 'model' is the probabilistic sense where it refers to an explanatory model of the data. We can see that DBSCAN is 2-3 times slower than both SPARCL and Chameleon on smaller datasets. We used the UNIX sort utility in the implementation of the sort merge outerjoin. In QALD-3 20  , SQUALL2SPARQL 21 achieved the highest precision in the QA track. Many extension mechanisms require extensions The relationship among the EI components  , the to be written by programming the user interprogram components  , and the user interface is the face; such extensions consist of files containing key to the effective utilization of dynamic extension. The EM approach indeed produced significant error reductions on the training dataset after just a few iterations. One scenario is that no range information is available. The natural complement  , still under the user-centric view  , are unfamiliar places. Definition 4.1 Pareto optimality: assume that n criteria with scalar values are to be minimized  , an objective vector z * is Pareto optimal if there does not exist another objective force unloading no saturation Fig. Figure 5ashows the actual elapsed time measurements  , and FiguresThroughout the full join experiments  , the outer relation for the NL-INDEX and PC join methods was the parent relation  , whereas the outer relation for the NL-SORT  , CP  , and CP-SORT join methods was the child relation. , by interacting with the environment.  In the language model approaches to information retrieval  , models that capture term dependencies achieve substantial improvements over the unigram model. Among all the ads we collected in our dataset  , about 99.37% pairs of ads have the property that   , which means that for most of the ads  , the within ads user similarity is larger than the between ads user similarity. percolation "  ? Using deviance measures  , e.g. Additionally  , the results of the federated search are very similar to those of the distributed search  , which is equivalent to single-index search  , thus exhibiting that prediction-based federation can be used as a viable alternative to single-index search. contains the comparison operators   , σ  , which are able to work uniformly on compressed and uncompressed inputs; it is the task of the optimizer to i determine which one to use and ii make sure that the proper compression / decompression steps have been taken so that the attributes to be compared by or σ have the same compression status. 5 ,000 because uphill moves are easily performed from solutions of low similarity. The SSG may contain cycles  , hence it is not necessary to introduce k-limiting techniques to represent self-referential data structures. For illustration purpose a sample optimization was demonstrated. To optimize the objective function of the Rank-GeoFM  , we use the stochastic gradient descent method. 5  , in our proposed ranking framework  , the relevance between a document and a query can be delegated to the problem of evaluating the topical likelihood given a document ptj|d or a query ptj|q  , which relies on the topic model defined in Definition 3. We therefore approach the problem using dynamic programming  , with the vectors a as the states of the dynamic program. Euclidean distance only considers the data similarity  , but manifold distance tries to capture the semantic relevance by the underlying structure of the data set. This is an issue that requires further study in the form of a comprehensive performance evaluation on sipI1. The experiments show that with our estimate of the relevance model  , classical probabilistic models of retrieval outperform state-of-the-art heuristic and language modeling approaches. Some people rather assign higher scores while others tend to assign lower values. The rationale of using M codebooks instead of single codebook to approximate each input datum is to further minimize quantization error  , as the latter is shown to yield significantly lossy compression and incur evident performance drop 30  , 3. Given an external concept  , we perform a pattern matching on the thesaurus  , made of the following operations : a-1 inclusion step : We look for a thesaurus item i.e a clique which includes the given group. An alternative strategy to cope with the problem is the approach based on statistical translation 2: A query term can be a translation of any word in a document which may be different from  , but semantically related to the query term; and the relevance of a document given a query is assumed proportional to the translation probability from the document to the query. CLIR methods involving machine translation systems  , bilingual dictionaries  , parallel and comparable collections are currently being  explored. Figure 2a shows the percent of different nodes in two successive iterations. The query language of SphereSearch combines concept-aware keyword-based search with specific additions for abstraction-aware similarity search and context-aware ranking. As a stream of individual entries  , a blog feed can be viewed at multiple levels of granularity. The transfer function relating the contact force to the commanded force F  , and the environment position X  , is: However  , Backward expanding search may perform poorly w.r.t. This model can be exploited for data management and  , in particular  , we will use it for query optimization purposes. In the first step  , they utilized the 'target entity to retrieve web documents  , and then by using regular expression they retrieved the candidates from the text of the web documents. Equivalently  , an expression is deterministic if the Glushkovconstruction translates it into a deterministic finite automaton rather than a non-deterministic one 15 . In each case  , we formed title+description queries in the same manner as for the automatic monolingual run. Specifically  , a sentence consisting of a mentioned location set and a term set is rated in terms of the geographic relevance to location and the semantic relevance to tag   , as   , where Then  , given a representative tag   , we generate its corresponding snippets by ranking all the sentences in the travelogue collection according to the query " " . Note: ‡ indicates p-value<0.05 compared to MPC These results are consistent with that observed in normal traffic  , confirming the superiority of our TDCM model on relevance modeling. In this case  , we assume that user's preferences are composed of two components: the long-term preference which reflects the fairly stable interests of the users based on their online activities; and the temporal interests which represents the users' current immanent need/interests. A gender-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for identification of patient's gender mentioned in visits. The resulting relevance model significantly outperforms all existing click models. We obtain an approximate solution to the problem using simulated annealing 22  , 23. That is  , the first X documents are retrieved from the ranked list  , where X is the number which gives the best average effectiveness as measured by the E value. Author expertise and venue impact are the distinguishing factors for the consideration of bibliography  , among which  , Author Rank  , Maximum Past Influence of Authors make paper influential . Based on the estimates of model parameters and the software metrics data  , the predictive likelihood function at the τ + 1-st increment is given by The question of interest in cooperative and competitive games is what strategies players should follow to maximize the expected payoff.  The knowledge base is enriched by learning from user behaviors  , such that the retrieval performance can be enhanced in a hill-climbing manner. If a regular expression matched one or more paragraphs  , those paragraphs were extracted for further feature engineering. Therefore  , the length of the LSTM for TDSSDM is 14. Sections 3 overviews the monitoring service along with an event-based scripting language for external programming of the layout. Furthermore   , the final result of the search is better than that of Smart Hill-Climbing with LHS. Here we compare the our results with the result published by QALD-5 10. Only those data points that have a density exceeding the noise threshold before beginning the hill-climbing are assigned to a cluster center. , Google. It is important to note that some web archives including the Internet Archive do not provide fulltext search  , hence this approach is not applicable for them. With the empirical results we conclude:  With different initial rankings  , IMRank could converge to different self-consistent rankings. There are various reasons for textual variations like spelling variations  , dialectal variations  , morphological variations etc. It is important to understand the basic differences between our scenario and a traditional centralized setting which also has query operators characterized by costs and selectivities. Further  , all of the above mentioned research studies use fixed Twitter datasets collected at a certain point in time. To the best of our knowledge   , this is the first criterion that compares the search result quality of the input query and its suggestions. We then propose four basic types of formula search queries: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. Both optimization techniques yield very awkward designs. However  , we can compute them incrementally 7  , by using eligibility traces. Since all words share the embedding space  , semantic similarity between words may be computed both monolingually and across languages. In this section  , we show the effectiveness of our approach for CLIR. , a metric. Further  , using a single Figure 7: Macro P-R-F1-SU over confidence cutoffs bedding Embedding  , Single outperforms multiple embeddings representations Embedding  , POS  , indicating word embeddings implicitly capture the various parts of speech in their representation. 2  , and the correspondent transfer function is: If the plasticity phenomena typical of polymeric materials is taken into account  , the force/elongation characteristic of the tendon is modeled as in Fig. In this work  , we presented a general recommendation framework that uses deep learning to match rich user features to items features. Recently  , Word Embedding WE has emerged as a more effective word representation than  , among others  , LSA 8  , 9  , 10. For brevity  , we have omitted most of the components used to support keyword queries. Quicksort therefore has a much shorter split phase than rep1 1  , which more than offsets the longer merge phase that results from the larger number of runs that Quicksort generates . We cannot assume any information about the searcher  , and cannot provide a personalized search for this user 1 . Datasets. Uses of probabilistic language models in information retrieval intended to adopt a theoretically motivated retrieval model given that recent probabilistic approaches tend to use too many heuristics. The corresponding transfer function for the plant is systems like Watson 11  , or generally systems whose task is to retrieve a list of objective facts that conclusively answer a query. Our experiments of CLIR showed that the triple translation has a positive impact on the query translation  , and results in significant improvements of CLIR performance over the co-occurrence method. Once the score s is found  , it possible to align each frame of the performance with the corresponding event in the score. Add items to the search engine indices. Therefore  , our findings should only be interpreted as the meaning matching technique could potentially outperform one of the best known query translation techniques. This is  , retrieve a set A ⊆ D such that |A| = k and ∀u ∈ A  , v ∈ D − A  , distq  , u ≤ distq  , v. 19  , in which the overall ranking score is not only based on term similarity matching between the query and the documents but also topic similarity matching between the user's interests and the documents' topics. Knowledge of previous objects can be maintained for short durations if temporally occluded or when an object is missed due to the number of matched key-points dropping below the minP ts threshold required by DBSCAN. In the training stage  , the proper decreasing ratio is set to grow the tree; then the tree is pruned to achieve the best performance by avoiding over fitting with the training set. Pseudo negative judgments are sampled from the bottom of a ranked list of a thousand retrieved documents R using the language modeling query likelihood scoring function. The dimensionality of the embedding space was set to d = 300  , the window size was set to 5 and the number or random negative samples per vector update was set to 5. It is ideally suited for data already stored on a distributed file system which offers data replication as well as the ability to execute computations locally on each data node. This paper presents a new approach to modeling relational data with time-varying link structure. One formula we have formally derived and successfully tested on previous TREC collections is: Our term weight w of Formula 2 will be thus a function of 6 random variables: w = wF; tfn; n; N = wF ; t f ; n ; N ; l ; a v g l where l is the document length avg l is the length mean We postpone the discussion about the probability functions used to instantiate this framework and the choice of parameter c to Section 4.2. The Pearson correlation between coverage of a sub-field and percentage of triggered changes is 0.252. The only way that Q-learning can find out information about its environment is to take actions and observe their effects . For relevant task  , a multi-field relevance ranking based on probabilistic retrieval model has been used. This inconsistency will be encount ,ercd during complet.ion. It expands from the initial states  , until a goal state is reached. Other approaches like Gradient Vector Flow 10 and its variants 11 perform better when the initialization is not as good. Because the number of model parameters to be learned grows in accordance with K  , the acquired functions might not perform well when sorting unseen objects due to over-fitting. NCV combined with paired t-tests produces more acceptable levels of Type I error while still providing reasonable levels of statistical power. For example   , Sahami et al. The performance is based on the automatically extracted patterns and n-gram syntactic matching . Second  , we present a new optimization called the control-aware optimization   , which can improve the efficiency of streaming code. As the experiment progresses from Fig. The empirical transfer function r��:� is also plotted. These primitives were largely derived directly from the basic actions and abilities of the modules and simple computational constructs. One challenge in using deep learning to model rich user features is the high dimension of the feature space which makes the learning inefficient and may impact the generalization ability of the model. Similar to the Mann-Whitney test  , it does not assume normal distributions of the population and works well on samples with unequal sizes. For example  , with reference to Figure 2: if the cursor lies within the framed region  , then an R command will replace Figure 2with Figure 1; if the cursor is outside the framed region  , then an R command with replace Figure 2with "queen problem" The D command allows the cursor to go beyond the boundary of the current abstraction  , a sort of return command for an abstraction. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work to focus on this problem. These parameters can be divided into two kinds: the weights on the classes of words  , like people or locations  , and the thresholds for deciding if enough of the content is novel. We can easily construct a MCMC sampler so that its stationary distribution is equal to the posterior distribution of model parameters given data and prior distribution of parameters. Fold " flattens " tables by converting one row into multiple rows  , folding a set of columns together into one column and replicating the rest. Two very important parts of this formulation  , which are often overlooked or not present in similar models  , are feature weighting and the feature smoothing. Finally   , if the effective number of particles �ωt� −2 2 falls below a threshold we stochastically replicate each particle based on its normalized weight. A second operator considered within the system is the Fast Fourier Transform FFT. Furthermore  , MMR is agnostic to the specific similarity metrics used  , which indeed allows for flexibility  , but makes no indication as to the choice of similarity metrics for Sim1 and Sim2 that are compatible with each other and also appropriate for good performance. The development of data services at Indiana University is approached as an opportunity to engage multiple units within the university  , particularly the libraries  , IT services  , and computational centers. In CLIR a user may use his or her native language in searching for foreign language documents 4. where H is the set of search result positions the user hovered over  , and V is the set of all search results shown when the user scrolled. Otherwise  , the resulting plans may yield erroneous results. The nondimensional Laplace frequency variable is denoted by i. With these heuristics we aim for an accurate regular expression that is also simple and easy to understand. We assume that the number of items to be sorted  , m  , is an exact power of 2. On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. Customization support is done at the level of individual learning concepts and progressions  , not just at the level of broad course topics. First  , we plan to support additional features such as ordering and aggregation in result customization. One salient feature of our modeling is the judicious use of hyperparameters  , which can be recursively updated in order to obtain up-to-date posterior distribution and to estimate new model parameters. A path expression of type s  , d  , P Es  , d  , is a triple s  , d  , R  , where R is a regular expression over the set of labeled edges Γ ,EG defined using the standard operators union∪  , concatenation and closure *  such that the language LR of R represents paths from s to d where s  , d ∈ VG. The emergence of multi-tasking behavior within a single search session makes it particularly complex to use user information from search sessions to personalize the user's search activity. The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. Table 2The performance of submitted runs with vital only Table 3shows the retrieval performance of our submitted two runs for Stream Slotting Filling task. As expected  , the Support Vector Machine was the most robust method  , also with respect to outliers  , i.e. In addition  , recursive functions may also be analyzed multiple times. The acceleration method ensures no error in the stiffness and damping terms  , but generates a fourth order transfer function which can be unstable. The most time consuming step of the experimental design and fabrication of self-folding structures was the physical construction of the self-folding sheets. In Section 3 we describe the general principle underlying Variational Dynamic Programming. There has also been some work on the notion of converting path expression queries into state machines has been previously proposed in 3 ,14. Earlier work on probabilistic models of information retrieval 19  , 18  , 17  , 22  took a conceptually different approach. As a branch of applied mathematics  , game theory thus focuses on the formal consideration of strategic interactions  , such as the existence of equilibriums and economic applications 6. The autoencoder was found to be computationally infeasible when applied to the described datasets and therefore its retrieval performance is not presented. At search time  , the given ER query is matched in the graph and set as starting node see Section 3. Further  , even when errors were made  , only marginal additional execution costs were incurred due to the sub-optimal plan choices. Compared with these alternative approaches  , PLSA with conjugate prior provides a more principled and unified way to tackle all the challenges. 6 identify and classify temporal information needs based on the relevant document timestamp distribution to improve retrieval. In the next Section we discuss the problem of LPT query optimization where we import the polynomial time solution for tree queries from Ibaraki 841 to this general model of  ,optimization. 8  presented a probabilistic model for generating rewrites based on an arbitrarily long user search history . The grasp synthesis procedure can be viewed as a search procedure ll. This is more efficient because X is only accessed once. A step in the direction of exploratory search is query suggestion where the search engine recommends related queries. A held-out set with 10% of the data was created randomly. , in regular expression specifies that the edge is optional. However  , their model operates only on unigram or bigrams  , while our architecture learns to extract and compose n-grams of higher degrees  , thus allowing for capturing longer range dependencies. The transfer function frequency bins may further be smoothened through a recursive least square technique. Using two Twitter datasets  , our results show that the new Word Embedding-based metrics outperform the PMI/LSA-based ones in capturing the coherence of topics in terms of robustness and efficientness. Similar to IR systems like ECLAIR Harper & Walker 921 or FIRE Sonnenberger 8z Frei 951  , BIRS is based on an object-oriented design figure 2 shows the class diagram in UML Fowler & Scott 971 notation; however  , only BIRS implements physical data independence3. To demonstrate the usefulness of this novel language resource we show its performance on the Multilingual Question Answering over Linked Data challenge QALD-4 1 . The functions insert and insert-inv receives the " abstract " bodies defined there. B: number of blogs  , N : number of posts  , L: number of citations  , r: Pearson correlation coefficient between number of in-and out-links of nodes. In the conventional case  , the user provides a reference image  , and the infrastructure identifies the images that are most similar. The addition of a feedforward path would not affect stabilitylO. Pose orientation error was determined by measuring Ihe angular deviation of an axis of the model from the known ground truth axis direction. However the matching is not straightforward because of the two reasons. This similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation coefficient between their term weight vectors unlike the rating vectors described in Section 3.2.1. On both text sets  , OTM outperforms LSA  , PLSA  , LapPLSA in terms of classification accuracies due to the orthogonality of the topics. Features based on selected subsequences substrings in names and partial formulae in formulae should be used as tokens for search and ranking. Note that all evaluations are performed using interpolated scores at ranks 1 to 20  , averaged over all queries. : Finally  , we compute the cosine similarity sij ∈ ℜ between the embeddings of every word wi ∈ ℜ D   , wj ∈ ℜ D   , where D is the word embedding dimensionality  , and threshold the resulting similarities using a threshold θ ∈ ℜ. Due to space constraints  , we refer the reader to 12 for further details. They were also given instructions on completing the dual task. Recognizing a variable on a tree is done through a recursive function traverse shown in Fig. Two reports have measured retrieval performance as a function of resources for English-Chinese retrieval. In both cases  , if the policy exploration is not adequate  , some regions of the policy may be incorrect. We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise activity similarity information. However  , the reader may wish to refer to Appendix I  , where the join queries have been explicitly listed. As a result of age identification  , 9185 visits were classified as adult  , 5747 as elder  , 581 as teen  , 273 as child  , and 3248 had no age information. Extended Datalog is a query language enabling query optimization but it does not have the full power of a programming language. The difficulty is that in a complex image context  , the target boundary is usually a global energy minimum under certain constraints for instance  , constraints of target object interior characteristics instead of the actual global energy minimum contour. investigate how to perform variational EM for the application of learning text topics 33. By conjuncting these expressions together  , we obtain a regular expression with conjunctions that expresses permutations and has size On2. 22 define a more sophisticated similarity measure  , and design a fragment i.e. ScholarLynk searches Bing  , Google Scholar  , DRIVER  , and CiteULike in parallel  , showing the results grouped by the search providers in a browser window. In order to implement the match-and-block and matchand-sanitize strategies we need to generate code for the match and replace statements. As shown in the figure  , our approach achieved high fitting accuracy. Groups experimenting with such approaches during this or former CLIR tracks include Eurospider  , IBM and the University of Montreal. We believe it should be reasonably easy to integrate our techniques into an existing database system. We specify the techniques in a first-order logic framework and illustrate the definitions by a running example throughout the paper: a goal specifies the objective of finding the best restaurant in a city  , and a Web service provides a search facility for the best French restaurant in a city. When manifold ranking is applied to retrieval such as image retrieval  , after specifying a query by the user  , we can use the closed form or iteration scheme to compute the ranking score of each point. In information retrieval and text mining  , it is quite common to use a word distribution to model topics  , subtopics  , or themes in text3  , 12  , 1  , 21. The actual CLIR research seeks to answer the question how fuzzy translation should be applied in an automatic CLIR query formulation and interactive CLIR to achieve the best possible retrieval performance. Furthermore  , we describe a manner in which a content hole search can be performed using Wikipedia. Consequently  , all statistics computed on the completed database will be correct. However  , there are a number of problems with simply using standard Q-learning techniques. The first term in the above integrand is the measurement likelihood function  , which depends on the projection geometry and the noise model. , we randomly remove p% of edges in E Q i from the graph. Our aim is to eliminate this limitation by " normalixing " the query to keep only semantic information that is tmessay to evaluate the query. So far the majority of research work in information retrieval is largely non-probabilistic even though significant headway has been made with probabilistic methods 9. Selection of the words is random  , but the duplicates are not removed so the words with higher frequency in the page have higher chance of being selected. These results are very promising and indicate that  , by using sipIIsl  , parametric query optimization can be efficiently supported in current systems. Borrowing from past studies on demographic inference   , three types of features were used for distinguishing between account types: 1 post content features  , 2 stylistic features  , how the information is presented  , and 3 structural and behavioral features based on how the account interacts with others. 8 suggests a random search technique combined with bitmap based representation and numerical potential fields for developing motion planners for many DOF manipulator arms. For example  , while an expression can be defined to match any sequence of values that can be described by a regular expression  , the language does not provide for a more sophisticated notion of attribute value restrictions. is the multi-dimensional likelihood function of the object being in all of the defined classes and all poses given a particular class return. Each fragment matching a triple pattern fragment is divided into pages  , each page contains 100 triples. In addition the iterative method may be used in conjunction with the prime program decomposition to find the data flow value for those prime programs for which the regular expression has not been pre- computed. The data contained in a single power spectrum for example figure  1 is generally modeled by a K dimensional joint probability density function pdf  , Signal detection is typically formulated as a likelihood of signal presence versus absence  , which is then compared to a threshold value. The force control for the experiments uses an inner velocity loop. Notice that the repetitive controller is included in digital form  , and is expressed as : Here mission similarity refers to the likelihood that two queries appear in the same mission   , while missions are sequences of queries extracted from users' query logs through a mission detector. The dropout layer  , Dropout8  , has a dropout probability of 0.5. We therefore feel that our monolingual baseline for Chinese is a reasonable one. We employ the relative influence spread  , i.e. This special form allows the use of the recursive backstepping procedure for the controller design 15. To measure the keywords relevance to identify traffic spam  , we studied the doorway pages with more than one META keywords. Usual combinatorial optimization techniques  , including dynamic programming and branch-and-bound  , can be used to solve BP exactly. When an aspect is enabled  , the display of any program text matched by the pattern is highlighted with the aspect's corresponding color. Faceted Search or Faceted Browsing is increasingly used in search applications  , and many websites already feature some sort of faceted search to improve the precision of their website search results. Users do not have to possess knowledge about the database semantics  , and the query optimieer takes this knowledge into account to generate Semantic query optimization is another form of automated programming. For TREC-9  , the CLIR task used Chinese documents from Hong Kong. When a phrase query is submitted   , the search engine accesses inverted lists of each word that forms the phrase to identify documents that contain those words in the order and offset specified. What is needed for learning are little variations of these quantities displacements: ∆x  , ∆F and ∆q. However   , the utilization of relevant information was one of the most important component in Probabilistic retrieval model. allows the planning of time-optimal trajectories using phase plane shooting methods or by dynamic programming . In 16   , a method to systematically derive semantic representation from pLSA models using the method of Fisher kernels 17  has been presented. There are very few known constructions for mixed-level covering arrays. , the joint probability distribution  , of observing such data is Let Ë ´µ be the order statistics of the repair times. The intra-observer coefficients were 0.95 ± 0.04 and 0.93 ± 0.05 for expert-1 and expert-2 respectively. In LOTUS  , query text is approximately matched to existing RDF literals and their associated documents and IRI resources Req1. It is not difficult to see that a regular expression exists for the tag paths in Table 1. In the remainder of the paper we develop the INUM in two steps. This is a problem that has received some attention from the pattern matching research community. One of the projects that build upon the library-D2I partnership is the NSFfunded DataNet project  , called Sustainable Environment- Actionable Data SEAD. Evaluating the k+1 th predicate  , however  , will further cut down on the number of protein ids that emerge from the merge join  , which in turn reduces the number of protein tuples that have to be retrieved. It runs alongside the search engine. Our intuition is derived from the observation that the data in two domains may share some common topics  , since the two domains are assumed to be relevant. Finally  , in Section 6  , we present our conclusions. This paper focuses on comparing the basic  , entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods in the case that the index data structure fits in main memory. , union operators. We evaluated the bid phrase recommendations of our multilabel random forest classifier on a test set of 5 million ads. In this paper we proposed a novel way of matching advertisements to web pages that rely on a topical semantic match as a major component of the relevance score. UFA98 describes orthogonal work to incorporate cost-based query optimization into query scrambling. A softmax regressor layer is connected to FC9 to output the label of input samples. , temporal text-containment search 13. extending keyword search with a creation or update date of documents. Once the list of central actors is generated  , documents of these authors could be displayed and used as starting points for further search activities citation search  , similarity search. TTnfortllllat.ely  , query optimization of spatial data is different from that of heterogeneous databases because of the cost function. To the best of our knowledge  , our work is one of the first to study the search task that a web page can accomplish. Otherwise  , a numerical method is necessary. We define the following well-known similarity measures: the cosine similarity and Pearson correlation coefficient. In order to visualize the hidden topics and compare different approaches  , we extract topics from the data using both PLSA and CTM. For the medical track the Search by Strategy framework of Spinque was deployed. 7.5. Finally  , a sequence of upper characters in the fullname UN is compared to a sequence of upper characters in the abbreviations. Different probabilistic retrieval models result in different estimators of Eri and Cn. The in-memory sort merge join BE771 works as follows. Although their impact on CLIR performance is small  , spelling normalization and stemming are still useful because they reduce the need for memory because there are fewer entries in the lexicon and they improve the retrieval speed by simplifying the score computation. The support for internal search was addressed by utilizing a domain specific vocabulary on different levels of the employed search mechanisms. The pro­ posed method for graph folding is one of the solutions allowed by the general concept of state safety testing. Search intent prediction is an important problem  , as it will largely improve search experience. Third  , further work needs to be done for answering Other questions for events. *-delimited blocks of the generated regular expressions can be wrapped in optional groups .. ? Given projection sets  , we present a simple 01 time test that would classify an orientation as being a local maxima  , local minima  , or end point of a constant diameter region. From the home page users can search for pictures by using a fielded search or similarity search. currently ilnplemented  , this could be optimized by COIIIbining the final merge with the separate merges inside the two calls to sort-when. We experimented with several learning schemes on our data and obtained the best results using a random forest classifier as implemented in Weka. The limitation of these methods is that they either depend on some external resources e.g. Since Based on the tag ranking results  , we use the first three tags of the given image  , i.e. As to optimizing functions  , most of existing optimization techniques 6  , 7 treat functions simply as externally defined black boxes accompanying some semantic information. Similar to that of a traditional search engine  , a user submits a query consisting of keywords to the system. Basically   , the same rules apply to this case. The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. Also  , the elastic foot has folding sections in front and back relative to the leg. Gates' vision of " robots in every home " includes a Roomba  , a laundry-folding robot  , and a mobile assistive robot within the home  , with security and lawn-mowing robots outside 1. One is the time-dependent content similarity measure between queries using the cosine kernel function; another is the likelihood for two queries to be grouped in a same cluster from the click-through data given the timestamp. This interface offers direct access to the rule manipulation primitives for allowing dynamic creation or modification of rules within an application. The split is then installed in the parent: the old SP for the left page is updated via update pred and a new entry for the new right page is inserted into the parent with the insert function. The experts were not involved in the development of any of the two tools and were not aware of which tool produces which verbalization. This figure shows a sensor scan dots at the outside  , along with the likelihood function grayly shaded area: the darker a region  , the smaller the likelihood of observing an obstacle. By decreasing T gradually  , units tries possible reachable positions uniformly in earlier steps. 3.1  , the geometric mean heuristics as in 6 poses some challenge to be implemented in the word synchronous fashion. The approach is based on applying the Cross Entropy optimization method 13 upon permutations of the list. There have been many studies on this problem. Our results have brought to light the positive impact of the first stage of our approach which can be viewed as a voting mechanism over different views. In order to avoid this situation  , most researchers 1623 focus on a special case where all images/frames contain exactly the same set of labeled objects. Technical details of the probabilistic retrieval model can be found in the appendix of this paper. Let r i = |Ω Xi | and q i = |Ω X pai |  , then the number of free parameters is defined as In both cases  , concave and convex transition gait are performed sequentially. Thus we can benefit from the proposed query optimization techniques of Section 3 even if we do not have any stored kernels in the database. MIRACLE exploits some techniques used by the OR- ACLE Server for the query optimization a rule-based approach and an statistical approach. based on a training set of given question-answer pairs. Similar to the works described in this paper  , a Self-Organizing Map is used to cluster the resulting feature vectors. Having this in mind  , we propose a genetic programmingbased approach to handle this problem. Suppose we are interested in using the projections of figure 1 for performing CLIR of new documents  , any of the three monolingual maps can be actually used for the retrieval task. Q-learning estimates the optimal Q * function from empirical data. BMEcat. In practice  , it is closer to a depth-first search with some backtracking than to a breadth-first search. where µi ∈ R denotes a user-specific offset. The framework for Partition-based Similarity Search PSS consists of two phases. The correlation does not indicate how often the computer grader would have assigned the correct grade. Ranking is the central part of many applications including document retrieval  , recommender systems  , advertising and so on. set to determine the correlation and just ignored the training set as there is nothing we need to tune. In order to quantify the sensitivity of the results we ran a Spearman correlation between the actual and estimated defect densities. To improve the generalization ability of our model  , we introduce a second type of features referred to as regular expression regex features: However  , this can cause overfitting if the training data is sparse. It enables Semantic Search to provide richer results as the Semantic Web grows  , but also makes the system more susceptible to spam and irrelevant information. To help analyze the behavior of our method we used a Self-Organizing Map via the SOM-PAK package 9  , to 'flatten' and visualize the high-dimensional density function 2 . Our result shows that search engines can have an immensely worrisome impact on new Web pages. The second issue  , the optimization of virtual graph patterns inside an IMPRECISE clause  , can be addressed with similarity indexes to cache repeated similarity computations—an issue which we have not addressed so far. We provided the goal conformations heforehand  , and then searched in the roadmap for the minimum weight path connecting the extended amino acid chain to the final three­ dimensional structure. Hence  , CLIR experiments were performed with different translations: i.e. Finally  , although user interface programming applies directly to traditional command line interfaces  , it is far more complex in the face of modern graphic interfaces 173. was defined at joint A as shown in In general  , a quantitative evaluation of the positional error in the entire workspace of a multi-articulated manipulator is rather difficult due to the complicated kinematic formulae. We compare two strategies for selecting training data: backward and random. All of these computations are subject t o error. Graph-Driven Search. When we take the second derivative and collect terms  , we end up with P u ,v∈E cx − xv + b −2   , which is always positive. , less than or equal to the sum of the sub-result costs. This reaches a threshold as the search becomes more exhaustive in nature. The experiments show that the local approach is indeed superior to the global approach  , both in terms of accuracy and quality of the completed databases. By considering traces that are beyond the current historical data  , the ranking criteria rank impl and rank lkl encourage the reuse of regular expressions across multiple events in the mined specification. The higher relevance ratings for the task that required subjects to locate a previously seen image suggest that users were better able to specify those queries. The transfer function represents a ratio of output to input. However  , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D still discriminates most other ranks we find this by limiting the set of query sessions  , which are used to compute the vector states sr  , to query sessions generated by queries of similar frequencies and having a particular set of clicks. CLIR is to retrieve documents in one language target language providing queries in another language source language. In Section 5 we will discuss a possible spectrum of validators . , ow are specified. The keyword given by the user can be a query for integrated search to provide a mixed search result of Web and TV programs. This is because the order by which each node-pair is to be joined is determined by the recursive depth-first sequence that consequently makes it difficult to globally modify any ordering of traversal. In order to develop such supervisors we will construct a recursive function supervisor parameterized by functions next E NEXT. The position method has the important advantage of yielding a second order closed-loop transfer function and is thus always stable in the continuous-time case if the coefficients are positive. 28 built two bipartite graphs by leveraging both click and skip information from query logs and used an optimal random walk and combination model to determine query correlations. For example  , the genetic programming approach used in 7 has been shown to achieve high accuracies when supplied with more than 1000 positive examples. For suitable choices of these it might be feasible to efficiently obtain a solution. Since distinguished variables are assumed to appear exactly once in the consequents of rules with the potential of repeated variables being real&d by equalities in the antecedent  , h is a function. For example  , the atleast operator provides a compact representation of repetitions that seems natural even to someone not familiar with regular expression notation. In order to mitigate the problems that are a result of the depth first search we use  , we generated tests with different seeds for the random number generator: for each test case specification  , fifteen test suites with different seeds were computed. All models work according to the same principle: comparing a pseudodocument D built from entity-specific tweets with a background corpus C. This comparison allows us to score a term t using a function st  , D  , C. This enables a principled integration of the thesaurus model and a probabilistic retrieval model. For example  , the R-LTR-NTN that using PLSA as document representations is denoted as R-LTR-NTN plsa . The human may set goals into the autonomous system  , and then later be called on to enter tasks to help the system reach either cognitive or manipulation subgoals. A chunk of training data containing K 0 observations will be used to initialize the system  , achieving the initial hidden layer matrix H 0   , the initial output weight matrix Q As the cognitive component of McFELM is based on OS- ELM  , our proposed method also contains two phases  , namely the initialization phase and sequential learning phase. call this distributed out-of-core sort. One of them indexes the text to answer text pattern-matching queries this indexing is performed by the text engine. However  , the data points of the CP pattern are related to a corresponding edge of a CAD model. This calls for feature reduction or feature extraction from the original set of features  , before going into classification. In numerical optimization  , maximization of an optimization function is a standard problem which can be solved using stochastic gradient descent 5. CN2 consists of two main procedures: the search procedure that performs beam search in order to find a single rule and the control procedure that repeatedly executes the search. Realizing this  , we use tree-based representation as motion knowledge and construct the system using tree-based representation. In English-Chinese CLIR  , pre-translation query expansion means using a separate English collection for pretranslation retrieval in order to expand the English query with highly associated English terms. We have tested these methods on implicit rating and rating imputation tasks while evaluating performance under two different methods of recommending embodied by GROC and CROC curve metrics. Perhaps a non-gradient-based global approach  , such as a genetic or simulated annealing technique might be more appropriate to this problem. , metacrawler 3 and many W eb users build their own meta-search engines. The services determine a ranked list of domain-specific ontologies considerable for reuse based on string similarity and semantic similarity measures  , such as synonyms in 4 also on manual user evaluations of suggested ontologies. In KBP2010  , we developed three pipelines including pattern matching  , supervised classification based Information Extraction IE and Question-Answering based 1. These strings are represented by a random number as an initial population. The deviance is a comparative statistic. The probabilistic retrieval model is attractive because it provides a theoretical foundation for the retrieval operation which takes into account the notion of document relevance. For example  , if a fingertip encounters a ridge  , some specific strategies may be used to determine the size and extent length of the feature . A set of completing  , typing information is added  , so that the number of tags becomes higher. 1 It can acquire translations for some out of vocabulary OOV queries without any need for crawling web pages. In this paper  , we present a Cross Term Retrieval model  , denoted as CRTER  , to model the associations among query terms in probabilistic retrieval models. -constrain paths based on the presence or absence of certain nodes or edges. For this purpose  , first  , a transfer function maps from possible voxel values to RGBA space  , defined by colors and opacity red  , green  , blue  , alpha. Folding is a vcry common proccss in our lives. The optimization on this query is performed twice. This optimization is performed first by noticing that the exponential loss En+m writes: The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. For each query reformulation pair  , we calculated the change of search performance measured by nDCG@10 and the similarity of results measured by the Jaccard similarity for the pair of queries' top 10 results. For example  , the independent assumption between different columns can be relaxed to capture multi-column interdependency. 2In the real-time walk of a legged robot  , a ground model should first be established during the previous gait period. During the preliminary system learning two binary images are formed fig. Access. Section 3.3 describes this optimization. The idea behind the proposed methodology is to exploit structural similarities observed among the different monolingual projections computed with MDS to identify possible correspondences among new multilingual documents. In this work  , we extend this line of work by presenting the first study  , to the best of our knowledge  , of user behavior patterns when interacting with intelligent assistants. Notice that with the inner loop involving Step 4-7  , the moving step of the base point ,towards the minimum point increases very fast. However  , note the empty big circles and squares representing the other short queries in the left and right corners of the simplex in figure 1a  , where the tempered EM could not help. Roughly speaking  , k-anonymity means that one can only be certain that a value is associated with one of at least k values. In this paper we focussed on the usability of answers and how well a search system can find relevant documents for a given query. So that they would not become accustomed to the rate of the digits and hence switch attention to the dual task in a rhythmic fashion rather than maintaining attention on the dual task  , the digits were timed to have a mean inter-digit interval of 5 seconds with a uniform random variation around this mean of 1.5 seconds. In summary  , the ARSA model mainly comprises two components . We call this the irrelevant index set optimization. Mean Average Precision MAP and Precision at N P@N  are used to summarise retrieval performance within each category. In this study we presented a novel fuzzy translation technique based on automatically generated transformation rules and fuzzy matching. Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. I laving discussed how dynamic splitting breaks a merge step into sub-steps in response to a memory reduction  , we now present Ihc provision in the dynamic splitting strategy that allows an cxtemal sort to combine existing merge steps to take advantage of extra buffers as they become available. If a trajectory of a person is observed from tracking people function  , we search the nearest 5 clusters to the trajectory and merge likelihood of each exception map to anticipate the person. These motivated the use of document cache to improve the latency. After training the random forest c1assifier as above  , there is a minimum number of training data points at each leaf node. The X-axis shows the number of levels of nesting in each query  , while the Y-axis shows the query execution time. A* is another common search technique lo. Conventional models such as System R SAC+79 use statistical models to estimate the sizes of the intermediate results. This model is then converted into a vector representation as mentioned above. To combat this problem  , we propose a Last-to-First Allocating LFA strategy to efficiently estimate Mr  , leveraging the intrinsic interdependence between ranking and ranking-based marginal influence spread.   , a , , , based on their q-values with an exploration-exploitation strategy of l  , while the winning local action Because the basic fuzzy rules are used as starting points  , the robot can be operated safely even during learning and only explore the interesting environments to accelerate the learning speed. Documents were then ranked based on the combined scores. Figure 15: Estimated and observed merge time for skewed input when using 3MB of memory for buffers. The " wholistic " approaches  , e.g. Whereas gradient methods change the variables according to determiiiistic rules  , GAS are based on random transition rules. Another common belief is that the relevance of a page to the search query is a major factor when determining its rank in search results. For instantiation   , we exploit an index as well as a pattern library that links properties with natural language predicates. Hence the discussion here outlines techniques that allow us to apply optimizations to more queries. Each strategy generates its own tj given source term si. " Results of ontological search MEDRUN4 performed better than manual searching but poorer than a normal semantic search. A normal dynamic-programming enumerator fires rules to generate all possible alternative execution plans for a query. , game theory  , ethical theories  , finance  , etc. We assume that the robot can discriminate the set  the reward distribution  , we can solve the optimal policy   , using methods from dynamic programming 19. They pose requirements on occurring attributes and their values. Other types of kinematic correspondence between the master and slave can be realized by setting the proper transfer function G. A perfect rate control of a teleoperator system It is clear that transparent position control can be achieved by using where k is a scale factor. The current release is BMEcat 2005 12  , a largely downwards-compatible update of BMEcat 1.2. Ni is the log-likelihood for the corresponding discretization. 2 j we see a fairly wide range of variances across the beers. An alternate method is presented in this section which does give a well-defined transfer function. This bound is relatively generous for worlds in which all products are the same  , but it becomes increasingly restrictive as we consider more diverse worlds with products of varying quality. The cosine similarity is defined as follows: We define the following well-known similarity measures: the cosine similarity and Pearson correlation coefficient. In information retrieval there are three basic models which are respectively formulated with the Boolean  , vector  , and probabilistic concepts. Simplicity is a fundamental requirement in the design of solutions for this type of problems  , where users most likely have limited knowledge on how to protect their privacy through more sophisticated approaches. In 8  , we analyzed a simple vision-motion planning problem and concluded that hill-climbing is useful to limit a search space at each stage of DP. All of the subsystem commands developed for the generic MI were implemented with C++ functions and all data transfer and data conversions are handled by Orbix. This learning rate was found to give optimal convergence speed vs final MSE  , however any learning rate within the range of 0.01 to 0.04 gave comparable results. The artificial data was generated as decribed in 2 from random cubic polynomials. In practice  , DC thrashing is probably infrequent because the limitation of the DMP acts as a load control method. XML Schema supports a richer notion of types than Java  , based primarily on regular expressions. Next  , we examine whether Google Search personalizes results based on the search results that a user has clicked on. Samples are represented by yellow points  , the vector field depicts the gradient of Lθm. The proposed CLIR system provides two different components for transforming the queries formulated by users into the final ones performed on the index. The cost of adding another query predicate to the MISSk plan is the sum of the time to scan the segment index for the k+1 th predicate  , the time to sort the results by protein id and start position  , and the time to add these results to the segment merge join. If γ is too small  , the connection between different modals is weak with imprecise projection in formula 10  , which will lead to poor performance for cross-modal similarity search. Figure 2contains the Pearson correlation matrices for several quantitative biographical items. To copy otherwire  , or to republish  , requires a fee and/or rpecial permirrion from Ihe Endowment. If the index is in random order  , rather than in decreasing static rank order  , ranking regular searches  " topk "  is very expensive since no branch-and-bound optimization can be used. However  , in many cases  , MLE is computationally expensive or even intractable if the likelihood function is complex. However  , the conventional G A applications generate a random initial population without using any expert knowledge. The user can search for the k most similar files based on an arbitrary specification. The simplest forward transfer-function matrix to achieve these objectives is where IC = diag ,{k ,} is a constant nxn matrix to be determined . From Q  , there are totally C |X obs | |Q| incomplete versions with dimensionality |X obs | that can be derived by removing values on some dimensions  , denoted by Q obs . We find this measure is highly correlated with the party slant measurement with Pearson correlation r = 0.958 and p < 10 −5 . The match scores are normalized to the range 0 ,1  , raised to the fourth power to exaggerate the peak  , and then a center-of mass calculation is performed for all cells. Section 2 surveys related work  , while Section 3 describes the pairwise profile similarity function. Lately  , a more abstract approach   , working with dioids a p p r e d . Some simple context search methods use the similarity measure to compute similarity between a document and context bag-of-words or word vector. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 introduces the related work; Section 3 describes in detail the discriminative model for estimating cross-lingual query similarity; Section 4 presents a new CLIR approach using cross-lingual query suggestion as a bridge across language boundaries. +  are normalization factors such that Dt+1 and˜Dt+1and˜ and˜Dt+1 remain probability distributions. We conduct CLIR experiments using the TREC 6 CLIR dataset described in Section 5.1. , by applying full-text retrieval methods  , so 1 is a recursive function. i does the subjunctive exploratory search interface better support media studies researchers in a complex exploratory search task than a standard exploratory search interface; ii does the subjunctive exploratory search interface better support media studies researchers in refining a research question than a standard exploratory search interface; iii does the increase in complexity in terms of additional features affect the usability of the subjunctive interface as compared to a standard exploratory search interface ? Note that at epoch n  , only the new reviews Dn and the current statistics φ n−1 are used to update the S-PLSA + parameters  , and the set of reviews Dn are discarded after new parameter values φ n are obtained  , which results in significant savings in computational resources. Then the optimization target becomes F = arg max F ∈F lF  , where F is the set of all possible query facet sets that can be generated from L with the strict partitioning constraint. It is important to point out their connection since semantic query optimization has largely been ignored in view maintenance literature. We prepare the experimental data from a search log of a major commercial search engine. Many positive comments were made about the opportunity of using colour to discriminate between tabs  , e.g. " The term weight is calculated by multiplying probabilities similar to the well-known probabilistic models i.e. After originating with a query submission to a search engine  , trails proceed until a point of termination where it is assumed that the user has completed their information-seeking activity. Sometimes such expressions are written identically in different languages and no translation is needed. However  , it is intuitively clear that any search routine could converge faster if starting points are good solutions. While our method of analyzing procedures has been motivated by the desire to Rave no restrictions on storage sharing and to proceed with minimal a-priori specifications about the program  , it allows us to model such language features as generic modes  , procedLre variables  , parameters of type procedure  , a simulated callby-name parameter mechanism and a user-accessible evaluating function. A regular expression r is single occurrence if every element name occurs at most once in it. the minimal cost-to-go policy is known as using a greedy strategy. the above procedure probabilistically converges to the optimal value function 16. To answer our research question " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " 22  study a number of heuristics for landmark selection   , and report a centrality-based heuristic to work best across their experiments. So without prior knowledge  , efficient search  , compare to trial and error   , is possible. For temponym detection in text documents  , we adopt a similar approach and develop a rule-based system that uses similarity matching in a large dictionary of event names and known paraphrases. Due to lack of code shipping  , techniques for parallel and distributed query optimization   , e.g. See 8  , 25 for data on accuracy and execution time of simulated annealing and tabu search. In this sense  , database centric retrieval is a significantly easier problem. Interested readers can reference that paper or  The details of our system and methodology for Genetic Programming GP are discussed in our Robust track paper. Vassilvitskii and Brill 6 used distance on the web graph to perform a reranking of search results given that relevant documents link to other relevant documents. When the semantic relevance is calculated  , however  , the equation takes into account all the interpretation words including talking or church or play. , 2004. The procedure uses the individual energy consumption values for each grid side. Service call invocations will be tracked and displayed to illustrate query optimization and execution. The mathematical problem formulation is given in Section 3. Secondly  , since the queries and the documents are comparable in size  , the similarity measure often used in these search tasks is that of the edit distance inverse similarity  , i.e.  In order to deal with dynamic cases where trajectories are updated incrementally  , we derive another cost model that estimates an optimal length for segments when " incrementally " splitting a trajectory. the transfer functions of the PMBLDC motor  , drive  , speed and current controllers respectively. In this paper  , we described a Surface Similarity based method for fuzzy string matching for performing CLIR and were able to show good improvement in performance. Sarsalearning starts with some initial estimates for the Q-values that are then dynamically updated  , but there is no maximization over possible actions in the transition state stti. worked on snippet generation for a semantic search engine Sindice that indexes instance data 2. Furthermore  , LSs can be customized by teachers or learners  , and may include tools to promote learning. Hence  , we cast the problem of learning a distance metric D between a node and a label as that of learning a distance metric D that would make try to ensure that pairs of nodes in the same segment are closer to each other than pairs of nodes across segments. Type indicates the type of entry: 'F' for a frequent value or 'Q' for a quantile adjustment for the corresponding Col_Value value. An underlying assumption in this approach is that the initial manual translation is accurate  , and that it can be unambiguously translated back to the original Japanese query. In CyCLaDEs  , we want to apply the general approach of Behave for LDF clients. The training of each single self-orgzmizing map follows the basic seiforganizing map learning rule. Using the generated pattern as a starting point  , the developer interactively modifies the pattern by inserting wildcards and matching constraints. A bounded sensor observation  , instead of lending statistical weight to some parameter vector  , constrains the parameters to a set. Besides ligand binding 16  , it has been applied also to study protein folding problems 17  , 18J as well. The input to our method is the search log interaction data gathered from consenting users of a toolbar deployed by a commercial search engine. PF  , CmF  , TF  , CtF denotes the results when our frameworks used personal features  , community features  , textual features  , and contextual features  , respectively. Given a problem  , the basic idea behind genetic programming 18 is to generate increasingly better solutions of the given problem by applying a number of genetic operators to the current population . This is approached by embedding both the image and the novel labels into a common semantic space such that their relevance can be estimated in terms of the distance between the corresponding vectors in the space. The likely cause for this disagreement is due to the inaccurate modeling of the human arm dynamics  , E  , and the human sensitivity transfer function  , sh. 6 directly with stochastic gradient descent. The elbow joint is analyzed exclusively in the following discussion because it was representative of the procedure used for all of the Schilling Titan I1 joints and it exhibited the most severe control challenges. Fusion was by CombMNZ with exponential z-score normalisation. As for ranking the retrieved documents  , TFIDF and cosine similarity were used. Moreover  , most parallel or distributed query optimization techniques are limited to a heuristic exploration of the search space whereas we provide provably optimal plans for our problem setting. They found that users were able to reliably assess the topical relevance of translated documents . Therefore  , when the likelihood of a region x in a test image is computed  , concepts whose pdf's were estimated from " similar looking " vectors rt will have high a posteriori probability 6. image regions rt from all images labeled with c contribute to the estimate of the probability density function pdf f x|c. Our initial intuition is that a sort-merge based join phase should be applied in this case. These two probabilistic models for the document retrieval problem grow out of two different ways of interpreting probability of relevance. for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. collision avoidance as well as helping achieve the overall task. Given a search results D  , a visual similarity graph G is first constructed. Our method does not require any labeled training data. For example  , the presence of the term " neurologist " is unlikely to convey the same impact to a document's relevance as the presence of " astrocytosis. " The vibration modes of the flexible beam are identified by the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , and illustrated in Fig. It is a public web statistics  , based on Google Search  , that shows how often a particular search term is entered relative to the total search-volume. , we counted the appearances of semantic concepts in the service collection and derived the probabilities from this observation. And Q-maps were learned in their approaches instead of directly learning a sequence of associations between states and behaviors. The equations describing the cell can be written as Next  , we turn our attention to query optimization. Therefore  , we need to convert a triple pattern into a set of coordinates in data space  , using the same hash functions that we used for index creation  , to obtain coordinates for a given RDF triple. The disjunctions of certain reduced atomic index terms would then be query cluster representatives. Applying an exponential utility function u ′ > 0 and u ′′ < 0 2 gives the mapping function as: Inclusion of rare translations in a CLIR application was shown to be problematic for all three methods  , however. We then apply the sort and merge procedure addling the counts from matching content- ID C content-ID pairs to produce a list of all <content-ID  , content-ID  , count> triplets sorted by the first content-ID and the second content-ID. We also use the gradient clipping technique 28  to alleviate the exploding gradient prob- lem 2 we set the value of the threshold = 1. Silhouette hypotheses were rendered from a cylindrical 3D body model to an binary image buffer using OpenGL. 3 report on CLIR experiments for French and Spanish using the same test collection as we do OHSUMED  , and the UMLS Metathesaurus for query translation  , achieving 71% of baseline for Spanish and 61 % for French. To support partial chemical name searches  , our search engine segments a chemical name into meaningful sub-terms automatically by utilizing the occurrences of sub-terms in chemical names. However  , for the purposes of the experiments described here  , it was treated as a series of simple bilingual dictionaries 1 . A second heuristic search strategy can be based on the TextRank graph. Additionally it can be used to perform other tasks such as query optimization in a distributed environment. All of the search tasks adopted in this study are selected from real-world commercial search logs so that they contain the practical users' search intention some example tasks are shown in Table 1. Second  , single-point estimates do not help inference of model parameters  , and may in fact hurt if the ensuing model-fitting stage uses them as its input. the top tags in the ranked tag list are the keywords that can best describe the visual content of the query image  , the group will be found with high probability. These search tasks were obtained from the TREC tracks  , and their search task categories were determined based on the search task's objective  , complexity and difficulty; Table 1describes the search tasks in detail. It continues to search all possible 2N-step extensions  , but chooses the trajectory with the minimum time to the goal if the goal is reached by any trajectories. Strategic software design is still a new area of inquiry. Basing our method on the output  , we will generate a sorted list of N numbers for the output file  , scattering these numbers in the input file as we go along. The must likely cause is difference in linguistic features. Their correct translation therefore is crucial for good performance of machine translation MT and cross-language information retrieval CLIR systems. However  , it suffers from " coldstart problem  , " in which it cannot generate accurate recommendations without enough initial ratings from users. After finding out the results of t evaluations  , each robot could then independently perform the calculation to determine the next policy  ?r and continue with the next iteration. Research work on time sequences has mainly dealt with similarity search which concerns shapes of time sequences. We use topic modeling to recover the concerns/aspects in each software artifact  , and use them as input for machine learningbased defect prediction models. Unfortunately  , there is no available ground truth in the form of either exact document-document similarity values or correct similarity search results. Basically  , however  , the stability problem of the whole system is very important. They also make the agorithms more difficult to explain. common search strategies involve different features inventors  , owners  , classes  , references  , whose weights need to be balanced ? Moves consist of matching case  , matching whole word  , Boolean operator  , wild card  , and regular expression. One of the main objects of the project is to bring together these two strands of work on indexing and searching. This helped them get familiar with the interface. To select query terms  , the document frequencies of terms must be established to compute idf s before signature file access. As is evident from Table 6  , the number of required merge steps initially drops drastically. Finding a good monolingual IR method is a prerequisite for CLIR. When a sort cannot be completed entirely in memory   , the in-memory merge produces runs and external merging is required. We now show that the transfer function resulting from our suggested output has all its zeros and poles alternatingly on the jw-axis. In particular  , we are working on incorporating shallow semantic parsing of the candidate answers in order to rank them. Hence  , we break the transfer function between intensity values and optical properties into two parts: i classification function  , and ii transfer function from tissue to optical properties. Consequently  , one would expect dynamic programming to always produce better query plans for a given tree shape. Ct Each rule is represented by a regular expression  , and to the usual set of operators we added the operator →  , simple transduction  , such that a → b means that the terminal symbol a is transformed into the terminal symbol b. The random-surfer model captures the case when the users are not influenced by search engines. In order to do that  , we collected list of cities  , list of states  , and list of countries. , Dayal  , 19841 appears t ,o be ap plicahle to spatial query opt ,imizat.ion. Our primary contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first study that both proposes a theoretical framework for eliminating selection bias in personal search and provides an extensive empirical evaluation using large-scale live experiments. In QALD-3 a multilingual task has been introduced  , and since QALD-4 the hybrid task is included. BNIRL limits the size of the candidate reward space to a finite set  , allowing for parallelized pre­ computation of approximate action value functions. The remainder of this section will introduce passivity concepts using the storage function definition. 19 Table 1shows the 20 items exhibiting the highest similarity with the query article " Gall " article number 9562 based on the global vector similarity between query and retrieved article texts. Many works on key term identification apply either fixed or regular expression POS tag patterns to improve their effectiveness . BSW97  presents an approach for bulk-loading multi-dimensional index structures  , e.g. The two are related quantities with different focuses. , VARI- MAX 22 rotation. S is the sensitivity transfer function matrix. Extensive experiments on our datasets demonstrated that our TDCM model can accurately explain the user behavior in QAC. The results of the query also included the information that certain timeout values were involved in the non-blocking implementation. Thus  , treating a Web repository as an application of a text retrieval system will support the " document collection " view. The former function is realized to select key frames using Q-Learning approach for removing the noisy camera data. Section 2 begins by placing our search problem in the context of the related work. As in the Parent method  , the Overlap method computes each cuboid from one of its parents in the cuboid tree. The only approach that could be employed is systematic search  17 18  , which due to the worst case exponential cost is not guaranteed to terminate within reasonable time. The pattern-matching techniques  , such as PMD  , are unsound but scale well and have been effectively employed in industry. 25 studied a particular case in session search where the search topics are intrinsically diversified. All other agents utilized a discount rate of 0.7. As in the previous case  , there is no correlation between the contribution measure and reader counts  , which is confirmed by Pearson r = 0.0444. In this context  , it is important to have schema level dependencies between attributes as well as distribution information over missing values. Or for an XQuery that has nested subqueries  , a failed pattern in the inner query should not affect the computations in the outer query discussed more in Section 3.1. Along a slightly different line of research  , Lynch addresses the problem of planning pushing paths 13. However  , RML provides in addition an operator for transitive closure  , an operator for regular-expression matching   , and operators for comparison of relations  , but does not include functions. where F is a given likelihood function parameterized by θ. We matricize X in Mode 3 to generate matrix X 3 ∈ R a×ult . The focus of these efforts has been the off-line computation of the timeoptimal control using the Pontryagin Maximum Principle   , dynamic programming and parameter o timizations . The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. The so-called hill-climbing search method locally optimize the summary hierarchy such that the tree is an estimated structure built from past observations and refined every time a new tuple is inserted. The formal model which is used to investigate the effects of these variables is the 2–Poisson model Harter 5  , Robertson  , van Rijsbergen and Porter 6. Large-vocabulary neural probabilistic language models for modeling word sequence distributions have become very popular re- cently 8  , 43  , 44. , portfolio theory  , Business value is not the only mature concept of value. As opposed to run A1  , the likelihood function for run B3 has only a single interval where it takes on its maximum value. All the random forest ranking runs are implemented with RankLib 4 . The marginal likelihood is obtained by integrating out hence the term marginal  the utility function values fi  , which is given by: This means optimizing the marginal likelihood of the model with respect to the latent features and covariance hyperparameters. Scores are assigned to each expansion by combining the backward score g  , computed by the translation model from the end to the current position of i  , and the forward score h computed by the Viterbi search from the initial to the current position of i. A lower perplexity score indicates better performance. The experimentally determined transfer function is Text search in specific parts of the documents is a critical feature for many applications. Image curves are represented by invariant shape descriptors  , which allow direct indexing into a model library. Distribution and query optimization are the typical database means to achieve this. Searching is done by first doing a search in the inverted file and then a sequential search in all the selected blocks. As expected  , the worst method in terms of semantic relevance is the TempCorr method  , which ignores semantics altogether. , the associated nonterminal of the pattern root and of the variable symbols in σΓ in the pattern specification. The following regular expression list is a sample of answer patterns to question type " when_do_np1_vp_np2 " . 8shows a modified Pioneer 3-AT at the bottom of a hill attempting to climb the hill. For example  , some search engines categorize or cluster search results Figure 1 and some search engines display regular search results and sponsored links in different dynamic sections. Example constraints include " housearea ≤ lot-area " and " price ≥ 10 ,000 " . We observe that even when there is no change in the entropy  , there is still an amount of information responsible for any variance in the probability distribution. To answer ML2DQ  , we adopt the same best first search approach as LDPQ. There are many approaches for doing this search  , the most common approach that is currently used is Viterbi beam search that searches for the best decoding hypothesis with the possibility to prune away the hypotheses with small scores. Assess models and reliability: After fitting our defect models   , we measure how well a model can discriminate between the potential response using the Area Under the receiver operating characteristic Curve AUC 17. An example for this definition is given by evaluating the query from Example 5.1 on the dataset of Example 5.2 delivering the result as indicated in example 5.3. Davison pioneered a study 13 over about 100 ,000 pages sampled from the repository of a research search engine called DiscoWeb. While similarity ranking is in fact an information retrieval approach to the problem  , pattern search resembles a database look-up. Both approaches assume a predefined map consisting of fixed knot points. We used pre-trained 500 dimensional word vectors 4 that put semantically related words close together in space. So we use the following approach: We run the seed regular expression on the corpus and require occurrence of at least one seed term. The main problems observed are: 1 the dictionary may have a poor coverage; and 2 it is difficult to select the correct translation of a word among all the translations provided by the dictionary. More isolated " true " examples contribute to its fitness value. Then  , each particle state is repopulated by randomly selecting from {X p } temp using the function RandP article. The guiding principle is making good use of type information available in both a query and its environment 11 in which it is evaluated. We propose two discriminatively trained probabilistic models that model individual posts as hidden variables. Related problems have been considered in dynamic game theory  , graph theory  , computational geometry  , and robotics. The resulting combined dictionary contains 401 ,477 English entries  , including 109 ,841 words  , and 291 ,636 phrases. Manipulator vibration due to structural and drive compliance8 has also been largely ignored in the literature on visual servoing. For traditional relational databases  , multiplequery optimization 23 seeks to exhaustively find an optimal shared query plan. First  , we sort the candidate nodes by their positions in the depth first search of the DOM tree. We are building our theory by fii defining the concepts of higher level theories or formalisms in terms of our primitives and then proving their properties mechanically. Their power of reasoning depends on the expressivity of such representation: an ontology provided with complex TBox axioms can act as a valuable support for the representation and the evaluation of a deep knowledge about the domain it represents. We have experimented with different number of hash tables L for all three LSH methods and different number of probes T i.e. SLIDIR differs from general image search engines  , as it focuses solely on slide image retrieval from presentation sets. Finally  , the predictors proposed in this work outperform those in the literature  , within this particular context. Tables 3 and 4 show how this tradeoff makes the baseline SPR and Prophet configurations perform best despite working with search spaces that contain fewer correct patches. The problem of similarity search aka nearest neighbour search is: given a query document 1   , find its most similar documents from a very large document collection corpus. That structure requires propagating matching patterns to multiple relations when the dimension of joins is larger than two. In test phase  , the sentences retrieved are spitted into short snippets according to the splitting regular expression " ,|-| " and all snippets length should be more than 40. Review and Specifications Generation model ReviewSpecGen considers both query-relevance and centrality  , so we use it as another baseline method. It provides a software toolkit for construction of mobileaware applications. This indicates that a significant portion of the queries in these categories is often ranked similarly by frequency. This indicates that as long as we obtain at least one correct entity to represent a document  , our sophisticated hierarchical and transversal semantic similarity measure can compete with the state-of-the-art even for very short text. The BIRS interface to the logical level consists of a set of binary predicates  , each applying a specific vague predicate to a specific attribute of document nodes e.g. 18 have examined contextual search and name disambiguation in email messages using graphs  , employing random walks on graphs to disambiguate names. Note the mutual recursive nature of linkspecs and link clauses. For machine translation  , word disambiguation should be a very important problem. Essentially  , these modifications inject item-item relationships into the user-user model. Our goal is to guess the best rating. Perhaps surprisingly  , transaction rates are not problematic. Hence  , we first remove all functions and type declarations which are private to the terminal. For instance  , a word like " morning " may score high in the category of coffee merely based on its occurrence at similar times as coffee terms. Further results on protein folding can be found in 27. In general  , the approach is most effective when the information supplied via IE is complementary to the information supplied by statistical patterns in the structured data and if reasoning can add relevant covariate information. In 18  , convolutional layers are employed directly from the embedded word sequence  , where embedded words are pre-trained separately. The default  , built-in similarity function checks for case-insensitive string equality with a threshold equal to 1. has a constant transfer function which is required to work in a changing environment. sometimes a user prefers one search engine to another for some types of search tasks. We employ the Self-Organizing Map SOM  9 to create a map of a musical archive  , where pieces of music sounding similar are organized next to each other on the two-dimensional map display. ranging from the macroscopic level -paper foLding or gift wrapping -to the microscopic level -protein folding. Another improvement is to use information contained in manual tests to further guide the search for fault-revealing inputs. with the horizontal subsystem  , the goal is to find a passive transfer function by carefully choosing an output variable. and at singular points of codimension 1. provided vector U has components outside the column space of the Jacobian. Results and performances of different models and combinations are described in The proposed two-stages model using comparable corpora '4' showed a better improvement in average precision compared to '3'  , the simple model one stage and approached the performance of the dictionary-based model '2' with 79.02%. Finally  , we allow users to optionally specify some keywords that capture relevance and results which contain semantic matches are ranked highest. A predicted position of a person is the expectation value of the position. We may implement more advanced search capabilities in the future – for example  , limiting a search to a particular index  , such as sample records or setDescriptions. We obtain results comparable to the state of the art and do so in significantly less time. For optimization  , MXQuery only implements a dozen of essential query rewrite rules such as the elimination of redundant sorts and duplicate elimination. The softmax distribution has several important properties. There are also approaches that cluster search results 1 which can help users dive into a topic. The IR ,-engine provides the core set of text-retrieval capabilities required by Super- Pages. These approaches focus on analyzing one-shot data points to detect emergent events. Next  , the relation is sorted using a parallel merge sort on the partitioning attribute and the sorted relation is redistributed in a fashion that attempts to equalize the number of tuples at each site. This reduces the computational complexity from 0  2 ~  to oN~ or from exponential computational time to polynomial computational time  121. In Section 2  , we provide some background information on XML query optimization and the XNav operator. Note that the second and third features are very similar to two of the similarity measures used in the enhanced pooling approach Section 3.1.2. The alignments are then used for building a cross-language information retrieval system  , and the results of this system using the TREC-6 CLIR data are given. As might have been predicted by the fitting results in Section 3.1  , it was found that use of a Hertz contact model to predict subsurface strains resulted in a biased estimate of the indenter radius. Sponsored search is one typical instance of online advertising. K to approximate the result of DBSCAN. Also  , the work in 24  applies Genetic Programming to learn ranking functions that select the most appropriate ads. Theoretical lower bounds for LSH have also been studied 21  , 1. Instead of folding the known answer into the query in cases like this  , we allow the question answering system's regular procedure to generate a set of candidate answers first  , and check them to be within some experimentally determined range of the answer the knowledge source provides. There is often not much texture in indoor man-made environments for high coverage dense stereo matching. Deterministic methods exploit heuristics which consider the component characteristics to configure the system structure 35. General query optimization is infeasible. Baseline " refers to the run without diversification. We conducted the experiments on the click-through data from a real-world commercial search engine in which promising results show that term similarity does evolve from time to time and our semantic similarity model is effective in modelling the similarity information between queries. This property gets pushed down to Sort and then Merge. We had found that dividing the RSV by the query length helps to normalize scores across topics. To keep the merges as fast as those of the baseline fullmerge   , we also do not maintain the set of top-k items as we merge  , and not even the min-k score. On the other hand  , it is this kind of label that we want to tackle via zero shot learning otherwise we could choose to harvest training examples from the Internet. Once the learned policy is good enough to control the robot  , the second phase of learning begins. Robots must be small to fit in operating rooms which are packed with  , various precision machines; there is no small  , light surgery robot system that can rival our system. The lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the well studied multi-pattern matching problem in the string matching literature 25. The most closely related branches of work to ours are 1 those that aim to mine and summarize opinions and facets from documents especially from review corpora  , and 2 those that study Q/A systems in general. This classifier is initialised with the initial clusters found in the first pair of frames and then incrementally updated there after. The proposed approach provides the generation of the error recovery logic using a method called Genetic Programming GP. We use |C1|/|C| to calculate the precision  , |C1+C2+C3|/|C| to evaluate the relevance precision. Later  , approaches combining active learning and genetic programming for LD were developed 10 ,21. Recently  , the PRF principle has also been implemented within the language modeling framework. For this baseline  , we first use the set of entities associated with a given question for linking of candidate properties exactly the same way as we perform grounding of cross-lingual SRL graph clusters Sect. job search or product search offered with a general-purpose search engine using a unified user interface. We are however confident that participants receive valuable results from their evaluation through the CLIR track. INSS92 presents a randomized approach – based on iterative improvement and simulated annealing techniques – for parametric query optimization with memory as a parameter. During the preparation phase  , and to better understand our data  , we also explore some correlations between different variables; however  , we didn't reach any significant correlation. The future retrieval problem was first presented by Baeza- Yates 3. A dynamic programming approach is used to calculate an optimal  , monotonic path through the similarity matrix. Our robot can select an action to be taken in the current state of the environment. Every time the user performs a search  , the search engine returns the results and also updates a cookie that the browser stores on the user's machine with the latest search. Therefore the ad search engine performs similarity search in the vector space with a long query and relatively short ad vectors. exMin: minimum memory for an external merge. §This work was supported in part with funding from the Australian Research Council. Typically cursors involve different optimization  , execution and locking strategies depending on a variety of userspecified options. Based on the above discussions   , the force compensator transfer-function K  s = Once the output utpet is calculated from ZPETC's transfer function 3  , the repetitive compensation is calculated . Thus  , a good CBIR method should consider low-level features as well as intrinsic structure of the data. maximum expected likelihood is indeed the true matching σI . But they are not consecutive  , and with a second resolution  , the problem disappears. Such segmentation and indexing allow end-users to perform fuzzy searches for chemical names  , including substring search and similarity search. , * arg max Pr |  As the baseline frontier prioritization techniques  , we evaluate the following five approaches:  Random: Frontier pages are crawled in a random order. For the image dataset  , the Table 2: Search performance comparison of different LSH methods: multi-probe LSH is most efficient in terms of space usage and time while achieving the same recall score as other LSH methods. There was some suggestion in the results that the three-way triangulated queries may have outperformed the direct translation. NMF found larger groups of yeast motifs than human motifs. Our model integrates information produced by some standard fusion method  , which relies on retrieval scores ranks of documents in the lists  , with that induced from clusters that are created from similar documents across the lists. In this section we will set the above optimal control problem in a standard framework such that dynamic programming can be used to approximate the solution. Finally  , an average relevance score over a set of empirical threshold values triggered a tweet to be sent to the matching user for Task A within a few seconds after the tweet was originally created. Another suggestion was to provide different forms of help such as having a librarian at the "front desk"  , a search box and a random book selector. Search-Result-Click History. We use MLE method to estimate the population of web robots. pattern search and substructure search deploy database operators to perform a search  , while some other ones e.g. To ensure the FFT functioned appropriately  , the data was limited to a range which covered only an integer number of cycles. This similarity between papers is measured using the Pearson correlation coefficient between the papers' citation vectors  , – Select n papers that have the highest similarity with the target paper. After adding each predictor  , a likelihood test is conducted to check whether the new predictor has increased the model fitting 6. The solutions found by these two methods differ  , however  , in terms of RMS error versus the true trace  , both produce equally accurate traces. Another unique aspect of FarGo is how dynamic layout is integrated with the overall architecture of the application. The main advantages of DBSCAN are that it does not require the number of desired clusters as an input  , and it explicitly identifies outliers. Furthermore. Such a paradigm is common in search literature. The weight of the matched sub-tree of a pattern is defined by the formula: For the evaluation of the importance of partially matching sub-trees we use a scoring scheme defined in Kouylekov and Tanev  , 2004. This means that hypotheses about specific entities must be considered in the e.g. Our position is that the declarations needed for regular expression types are too complex  , with little added practical value in terms of typing. database systems e.g. The simulated annealing method is used in order not to be trapped into a bad local optimum. Section 3 formally defines the similarity search problem for web services. The query is issued to the corresponding index and a series of possibly relevant records are returned by the search engine. , see 7  , 18 and references therein and many approaches have been proposed for its solution. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. We argue that these variations can be captured by successfully matching training resources to target corpora. This way  , symbolic sequences can be automatically compared to detect similarities  , class patients  , etc. Furthermore  , many semantic optimization techniques can only be applied if the declarative constraints are enforced. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first attempt at learning and applying character-level tweet embeddings . Structurally recursive functions are a kind of the function classes to which we can apply the structural function inlining. With the smaller yeast data PLSA did not do very well  , but ICA and NMF found interesting longer components and maximal frequent sets gave a good coverage of data. Since ORN is a graph model that carries informative semantics about an image  , the graph distance between ORNs can serve as an effective measurement of the semantic similarity between images. The application of the usual Q-learning is restricted to simple tasks with the small action-state space. A simple chemical data set of 300 molecules can require many hours to mine when the user specifies a low support threshold. It has some similarity with traditional text search  , but it also has some features that are different from normal text search. semantic integrity constraints and functional dependencies  , for optimization. The major problem that multi-query optimization solves is how to find common subexpressions and to produce a global-optimal query plan for a group of queries. Second  , we propose reducing the visual appearance gap by applying deep learning techniques. This model shows that documents should be ranked according to the score These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. The second class of features attempt to capture the relevance of the snippet to the query. the rows are in depth-first order of the nodes in the subtree. Each random access includes at most m times of binary search on the sorted lists that have been loaded in memory and the cost of random access is moderate. However  , because the passivity theorem is only a sufficient condition  , then having the transfer function non-passive does not necessarily imply instability . In contrast  , the population of STEM instructors in our focus groups included non-users or potential users from a variety of colleges and universities who were not necessarily innovators. This component uses a set of search tecbniques to find collision-free paths in the search space. It seems a reasonable assumption that the influence of perceptual speed on search performance occurs primarily in a small number of tasks. The final output of the forest is a weighted sum of the class distributions output by all of the trees in the forest. The MSN Search crawler discovers new pages using a roughly breadth-first exploration policy  , and uses various importance estimates to schedule recrawling of already-discovered pages. Unlike the approach presented in this paper  , PORE does not incorporate world knowledge  , which would be necessary for ontology building and extension. Most approaches to CLIR perform a query translation followed by a monolingual IR. Briefly sketched  , an unlabelled example x is predicted a class y and respective class probability distribution P by the given machine learning classifier. It supports standard XML query languages XPath 6 and XQuery 7 and it offers advanced search and indexing functionality on XML documents. The rise of B2B e-commerce revealed a series of new information management challenges in the area of product data integration 5 ,13. A statistical approach is proposed to infer the distribution of a word's likely acquisition age automatically from authentic texts collected from the Web  , and then an effective semantic component for predicting reading difficulty of news texts is provided by combining the acquisition age distributions for all words in a document 14. Task-level learning provides a method of compensating for the structural modelling errors of the robot's component level control systems. These are topics of future research. In all the simulation tests  , the parameters of the system are given by: I , However given the same set of web-based information  , the Human Interest Model consistently outperforms the soft-pattern model for all four entity types. It is not possible to accurately extrapolate the merge time that would be required for a full-sized database. We can see that list materialization improved the search performance. After extracting the semantic features  , we need to represent those features in a proper format so that it is convenient to calculate the relevance between tweets and profiles. The language modeling approach to information retrieval has recently been proposed as a new alternative to traditional vector space models and other probabilistic models. Let S = M  , P  , C be an ec-schema. And a chess board pattern is adopted as a calibration pattern because it is full of intersections of lines and supplies the enormous points in one image. Temporal entities and percents are recognized with the Alembic system 1. At first  , an initial set of population is structured randomly  , and the Q-table that consists of phenotype of the initial population is constructed. A number of successful approaches from last year inspired our approach for this year ELC challenge 2 were using a two-stage retrieval approach to retrieve entities. We can notice that by adding a slow-rate LSTM weekly-based features to the MR-TDSSM  , it leads to great performance improvement over TDSSM with only one fast-rate LSTM component. The planner selects the candidate for the subgoal  , at random in the search space defined around &nd see dashed circle in Fig.3. The MLP-based system achieved run-times ranging from 17 s for the first iteration to almost 20 min for the final iteration. In the case of typical implementations of Quicksort  , all of the tuples in memory have to be sorted and written out as a new run before a page can be released'. A large body of work exists on query optimization in databases. Notice that the control input is significantly smoother than the one in Fig. Pattern matching has been used in a number of applications . The exploration cost measures how well the policy performs on the target task. Since the main goal of the presented work consists of exploring the impact of domain-specific semantic resources on the effectiveness of CLIR systems  , in our investigations we will focus on the strategies for matching textual inputs to ontological concepts applied to both the query and the documents in the target collection rather than on the translation of the textual query. proposed the Incremental-DBSCAN in 2. Both sort variants suffer from high CPU costs for sorting. The travel space together with a dynamic programming technique has the advantages of both  , local and global strategies: robustness and completeness. We conduct experiments on three real-world datasets for cross-modal similarity search to verify the effectiveness of LSSH. While the E-step can be easily distributed  , the M-step is still centralized  , which could potentially become a bottleneck. Neither do the similar queries retrieved via random walks SQ1 and SQ3 provide very useful expansion terms since most of the similar queries are simply different permutations of the same set of terms. That is  , with a random setting of K  , LapPLSA regularized with external resources tends to outperform non-regularized pLSA. The BSBM executes a mix of 12 SPARQL queries over generated sets of RDF data; the datasets are scalable to different sizes based on a scaling factor. Our research builds on summarization systems by identifying core concepts that are central ideas in a scientific domain. c z  ⊤ for object i then the joint likelihood is The user may also be able to assist in narrowing down the alphabet used for obtaining the basic regular expression library. Clusters are then formed based on these concepts. Otherwise  , highly exploratory EAs hardly find good local solution as well as random search does. The transformation that produces the best match is then used to correct the dead reckoning error.  Supervised hashing: Cross-Modal Similarity-Sensitive Hashing CMSSH 6 5  , Semantic Correlation Maximization SCM 28   , and Quantized Correlation Hashing QCH are supervised hashing methods which embed multimodal data into a common Hamming space using supervised metric learning. In case of fielded search users can search for pictures by expressing restrictions on the owner of the pictures  , the location where they were taken  , their title  , and on the textual description of the pictures. With the explosion of on-line non-English documents  , crosslanguage information retrieval CLIR systems have become increasingly important in recent years. Another group of approaches measure the classification uncertainty of a test example by how far the example is away from the classification boundary i.e. Most implemented path planners have been developed for mobile robots and manipulators with a few degrees of freedom dof. Not only are these extra joins expensive  , but because the complexity of query optimization is exponential in the amount of joins  , SPARQL query optimization is much more complex than SQL query optimization. To encourage more participation  , a game-like interface is a promising approach. As an exception  , the Probabilistic Translation Model was evaluated on the same representation that was used by Xu et.al.19. Indeed  , while the contribution of stop-words  , such as determiners and modals  , can be largely ignored  , unmatched named entities are strong indicators of semantic differences between the query and the document. Now  , we can calculate the speed-up factor of IncrementalDBSCAN versus DBSCAN. The Pearson correlation between the actual aspect coverage and the predicted aspect coverage using JSD distances was 0.397. When dealing with interval plant systems with independent coefficients one typically is interested in Kharitonov polynomials. These models are then trained in a discriminative way  , usually with the goal of maximizing the likelihood of data under a parametrized likelihood function. Such effectiveness is consistent across different translation approaches as well as benchmarks. denotes the observation vector up to t th frame. This regular expression denotes the set of strings that contain the <script> tag. F * e = 0  , the interaction impedance is the transfer function between its reaction force and the external motion that this environment As queries we assume single term queries  , which form the basis for more complex and combined queries in a typical Information Retrieval setting. The adjacent semantic link panel lists links to more content that is of relevance to what is displayed in the content panel. Strictly speaking  , the context of a query term q i ,k occurred at the k-th location of the i-th document is the terms surrounding and including q i ,k . In the DOM tree see Figure 2 corresponding to the Web page in Figure 1  , the paths leading to the leaf nodes containing these text strings are α·table·tr·td·font·b·p and α·table·tr·td·p·b·font  , respectively  , where α represents the path string from the root of the DOM tree to the table tag. For example  , the first retrieved image in the first case is the 34th image retrieved by Euclidean distance. We then select the subtopic terms from the PLSA subtopic  , which are most semantically similar to the connected subtopic candidates of ontology. Window split is particularly useful when scaling the logical window size for an SQF with complexity higher than On over the window size. We employ an embedding layer in our shallow model for the same reasons as mentioned above: we learn continuous word representations that incorporate semantic and syntactic similarity tailored to an expert's domain. However  , the current state of the art is confirmed to be Flat-COTE and our next objective is to evaluate whether HIVE-COTE is a significant improvement. This can be calculated in JavaScript. For this purpose; we extended randomized strategies for parallel optimization  , and demonstrated their effectiveness. In both cases  , suspended and deviant users are visibly characterized by different distributions: suspended users tend to have higher deviance scores than deviant not suspended users. The type system was designed for an applied lambda calculus with string concatenation   , and it was not discussed how to deal with string operations other than concatenation. We will revisit and evaluate some representative retrieval models to examine how well they work for finding related articles given a seed article. These results show that the performance of DD is significantly better than that of other methods under challenging conditions. For the last 2 programs in Figure 1b  , the advantage of RSRepair is statistical significance; although there exists no significant difference for the remaining 4 programs due to too small sample sizes no more than 20 in the " Size " column of Figure 1b  , RSRepair has the smaller NCP in terms of Mean and Median. A person can observe the existence and configuration of another persons body directly  , however all aspects of other people's minds must be inferred from observing their behaviour together with other information. Indeed  , it can he argued that the PRM framework was instrumental in this broadening of the range of applicability of motion planning  , as many of these prohlems had never before heen considered candidates for automatic methods. In contrast  , the Backward expanding strategy used in BANKS 3 can deal with the general model. We answer this question quantitatively in Section 6. Attribute partitioning HAMM79 is another term for a transposed file scheme within a relational database  , As stated in BORA62  , such schemes are useful in statistical database systems because although the relations often contain many attributes  , usually only a few are referenced in any one query  , Additionally  , attribute partitioning is useful in compression schemes that depend on physical adjacency of identical values EGGEBO  , EGGEBl  , TURN79. This can be due to the fact that 20Newsgroups categories seem to be closer to each other  , and as a result  , the classifiers are not affected so much. where G is the actuator transfer function relating the input command to the actuator to the end-effector velocity; S is the actuator sensitivity transfer function relating the line tensile force fR to the end-effector velocity  , v   , A positive value for v represents a downward speed for the load. c Learning on unlocked table: robot correctly estimates a mass and friction that reproduce the observed trajectory. To perform a similarity search  , the indexing method hashes a query object into a bucket  , uses the data objects in the bucket as the candidate set of the results  , and then ranks the candidate objects using the distance measure of the similarity search. During evaluation of this expression  , the descriptor person would only match a label person on an edge. WE metrics using word2vec 4. Predictability " is approximated by the predictive power of a support vector machine. In total  , 14 Stacked Features were added 7 aggregates each  , which were applied to the top k in-links and out-links separately. These methods have become prominent in recent years because they combine scalability with high predictive accuracy. If developers do not know about the existence of the defined locking aspect or its relation to the new function transfer  , they might not add transfer as a relevant shadow  , thus  , might miss locking in transfer  , or create a redundant locking cross-cutting concern for that function. We illustrate the effectiveness of this approach using the first six TREC 2003 Web Track topic distillation topics taking the first six to avoid cherry-picking queries for which our method works best. The GP utility model can be trained by minimising the negative log marginal likelihood of the GP with respect to the hyperparameters of the covariance function. These primitives were d e signed to aid genetic programming in finding a solution and either encapsulated problem specific information or low-level information that was thought to be helpful for obtaining a solution. The latter approach was chosen in this paper because it avoids representing the high-dimensional feature space. In this section  , we present some specific examples of the number of online retailers that could readily benefit from leveraging our approach. Its output at the end is the least cost local minimum that has been visited. It is possible t o parametrize all the compensators that stabilize the plant P using the following theorem. Future work will improve our distributed approach by optimizing floating point parameters of central pattern generators instead of discrete action or set-points in gaittables . The control voltages of controllers for the motor and the PZT actuators are sent to the servo amplifier and the ACX amplifier  , respectively  , through a PCL-727 D/A card. Only the start-up overhead of about 100 TLB misses is not covered  , but this is negligible. Search trails are represented as temporally-ordered URL sequences. In an IR setting  , a system maintains a collection of documents D. Given a query q  , the system retrieves a subset of documents d ∈ Dq from the collection  , ranks the documents by a global ranking model f q  , d  , and returns the top ranked documents. We begin with the usual assumption that for each query  , there is a scoring function that assigns a score to each document  , so that the documents with the highest scores are the most relevant. where F is a function designed to penalize model complexity   , and q represents the number of features currently included in the model at a given point. For each static search session  , whole-session level relevance judgments are provided in the datasets: annotators judged documents regarding whether or not they are relevant to the topic or task underlying the search session instead of an individual query. It implements a well-defined control structure for the control of the gripper. navigation-aided retrieval constitutes a strict generalization of the conventional probabilistic IR model. In the following  , we outline correspondences between elements of BMEcat and GoodRelations and propose a mapping between the BMEcat XML format and the GoodRelations vocabulary. , Pearson correlation with true AP. The item similarity between two tags SI tq  , ts is derived by computing the Pearson correlation between the two profiles as follows: Unrestricted templates are extremely powerful  , but there is a direct relationship between a template's power and its ability to entangle model and view. The complexity of this approach is exponential in the number of weights  , and consequently it cannot be used with more than a few such parameters. The evolutionary search method starts with a population of p random solutions. The difference in unexpectedness is significant only in the case of Random Indexing vs. baseline. Application of the SPC was demonstrated for a planar robotic assembly task by 5. WORK This paper proposes a new dimension of flexibility for the architects of large-scale distributed systems -the ability to program dynamic layout policies separately from the application's logic. We found that for the BSBM dataset/queries the average execution time stays approximately the same  , while the geometric mean slightly increases. In addition  , entries need only be made for tuples within the selectivity range of the query. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. Thus  , the gradual shaping of the collision regions can be achieved by the decrease of the output temperature T starting from a high value. This self-organizing feature makes system performance better than that of the conventional Fuzzy Q-Learning FQL of 181  , in which structure identification  , such as partitioning the input and output space and determination of number of fuzzy rules are still carried out offline and kept fixed during learning. This capability is crucial for many different data management tasks such as data modeling   , data integration  , query formulation  , query optimization  , and indexing. On Persons 1  , all three systems performed equally well  , achieving nearly 100 % F-Measure. Their model interpolates the same-task similarity of a rewrite candidate to the reference query with the average similarity of that candidate to all on-task queries from a user's history  , weighted by each query's similarity to the reference query. This paper looks at the problem of multi-join optimization for SMPe. This enabled us to efficiently carry out fine grained bid phrase recommendation in a few milliseconds using 10 Gb of RAM. We propose an approach to estimate the translation probability of a query term according to its effect on CLIR. In CLIR systems  , interactive components are crucial to accomplish search tasks 2. Figure 1shows an example of Google image search 1 . A similar approach was developed separately in l collision detection between moving obstacles of arbitrary shapes  , based on results from missile guidance. The focus of this paper is on machine learning-based CLIR approaches and on metrics to measure orthogonality between these systems. The stacked autoencoder as our deep learning architecture result in a accuracy of 0.91. For a query q  , we apply pLSA on the set of retrieved documents D = {di} M i=1 to obtain the implicit subtopics associated with q. , learning to rank for Microblog retrieval and answer reranking for Question Answering. In Section 5  , we make conclusions. Otherwise   , we describe the properties in the regular expression format. Federated search is a well-explored problem in information retrieval research. Each cluster is a maximum set of density-connected points. He had to use special hardware for real-time performance. Building on prior DIR research we formulate two collection ranking strategies using a unified probabilistic retrieval framework based on language modeling techniques. A dynamic programming procedure controls the graph expansion. a given query node to Orn time  , thus needing Orn 2  time for all-pairs SimRank. I. Node generation. It has some limitations due to stochastic search. gives the correlation between the different coverage types and the normalized effectiveness measurement. GEOKOBJ has several predefined functions e.g. Tweets and Profiles can be represented by word2vec knowledge base as follow , The structure of the SQL Model is: <existing parts of a query block> MODEL PBY cols DBY cols MEA cols <options>  <formula>  , <formula> ,. The framework has three core components: an actor similarity module to compute actor similarity scores  , a document matching module to match user queries with indexed documents  , and a SNDocRank module to produce the final ranking by combining document relevance scores with actor similarity scores. For evaluation purposes the accuracy of predicted location is used. For the baseline method the association score between the document and any candidate mentioned is always equal to 1.0. The similarity between users based on the user-class matrix can still be measured by computing Pearson correlation. Mandelbrot noticed extreme variability of second empirical moments of financial data  , which could be interpreted as nonexistence of the theoretical second moments  , i.e. There is  , therefore  , a clustered division along the two " civilizations " described by Huntington. Additionally  , an user study reveals the acceptance of the Hybrid Search paradigm by end users. The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. We feel that in many applications a superior baseline can be developed. That's why LSSH can improve mAP by 18% at least which also shows the importance to reduce semantic gap between different modals. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. High and low values were chosen empirically based on reasonable values for level ground and hill climbing. We note that this results in faster convergence for the already computed dimensions. The second can be obtained using either a parallel corpus or a bi-lingual lexicon giving translation probabilities. The first option will perform a diskbased merge-sort join of Rl and R2  , at a cost of 2P * log P + 2P. For a noncompliant motion Eq.5 describes a decoupled system  , which is generally not true in case of compliant motion. Our focus in this work is on evaluating search engines as they are used in practice. Basically  , it shows how often the links with this property appear in the search results list. One method  , the VP-tree 36  , partitions the data space into spherical cuts by selecting random reference points from the data. If the individual rankings of the search engines are perfect and each search engine is equally suited to the query  , this method should produce the best ranking. This type of detection likelihood has the form of  , A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. Consequently   , the DMP method cannot react to dynamic changes of the mix of transactions that constitute the current load. The similarity between two users is calculated based on their rating scores on the set of commonly rated items. Its crawling strategy is based on the intuition that relevant pages on the topic likely contain links to other pages on the same topic. The Mirror DBMS uses the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval Hie99  , HK99. We want to a avoid over-fitting and b present to the user those patterns that are important. Thus the likelihood function of appearance model 1 Appearance Model: Similar to 4  , 10   , the appearance model consists of three components S  , W  , F   , where S component captures temporally stable images  , W component characterizes the two-frame variations  , F component is a fixed template of the target to prevent the model from drifting over time. 6 Thus we cannot conclude from this evaluation that social search will be equally successful for all kinds of questions. In this paper we proposed a general framework for expressing and analyzing approximate predicates  , and we described how to construct alternate query plans that effectively use the approximate predicates. The system tries to infer new knowledge right after the publication operation. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. Finally  , we note that the B+Q→Q curve is dominated by the Q→Q curve for smaller profiles because of the simplistic profile construction procedure we used. For the 5-bar linkage robot with only horizontal vibrations  , described in 27   , it has been shown that  , assuming no damping  , the transfer function from the base motor torque to reflected output is passive27. The rest of this paper is organized as follows: SectionFigure 1: Architecture of Chem X Seer Formula Search and Document Search ing functions. A value of 1.65 R was found  , as compared to the datasheet value of 1.33 Our approach performs gradient descent using each sample as a starting point  , then computes the goodness of the result using the obvious likelihood function. Its correct Chinese translations result in average precision AP of 0.5914 for CLIR. S is a transfer function matrix that represent the compliance Ule deal with the robustness at thls stage. A more likely domain/range restriction enhances the candidate matching. Later  , several papers such as 2 and 3 suggested to exploit measures for the importance of a webpage such as authority and hub ranks based on the link structure of the world-wide-web to order the crawl frontier. Kraaij 8 showed successful use of the widely used BableFish 6 translation service based on Systran. Topic model performance is often measured by perplexity of test data as a function of statistical word frequencies  , ignoring word order. After the values are computed  , every node computes an optimal policy for itself according to Equation 2. Finally  , we show that with specific efficiency functions  , our " Slow " Decay Rate Wt10g t = 150ms  , α = −0.05 Gov2 t = 5s  , α = −0.1 Clue t = 7s  , α = −0.01 learned models converge to either baseline query-likelihood or the weighted sequential dependence model  , thus illustrating the generality of our framework in subsuming ranking approaches that only take into account effectiveness. Subjects' search experience was measured using a modified version of the Search Self-Efficacy scale 13 . We use a Random Forest model trained on several features to disambiguate two authors a and b in two different papers p and q 28. If the user cites a class  , the appropriate dynamic document could include the OMT diagram for the class  , its documentation  , and the header file and method bodies that implement the class. Our method gives feasible solution by judicious choice of parameters and outperforms the method proposed by Lashkari 5  , in terms of the quality of the optimal solution. Osprey takes as an additional input a configuration file that allows new definitions for unit prefixes  , unit aliases  , and unit factors that can be used in unit annotations. This is also the first piece of work which treats the performance and quality issues of textual similarity search in one unified framework. Figure 4shows the theoretical and experimental values for the bode plot of G ,. , simulated annealing  , which should improve the quality of models selected by LLA procedures. PATTERN: Response SCOPE: Global PARAMIZTERS: Propositions boolean vector LTL: RequestedRegisterImpli As noted above  , all of the specifications we found are available on the World Wide Web at 8. Inoculation has also been studied in the game theory literature. First the parameter space was coarsely gridded with logarithmic spacing. An approach that requires substantial manual knowledge engineering such as creating/editing an ontology  , compiling/revising a lexicon  , or crafting regular expression patterns/grammar rules is obviously limited in its accessibility  , especially if such work has to be repeated for every collection of descriptions. Four search tasks were devised  , each simulating a search intent. The final score of a sentence incorporates both its centroid based weight and the soft pattern matching weight. We thus segment the color image with different resolutions see Section IV-A. An important feature of this is that the tf·idf scores are calculated only on the terms within the index  , so that anchortext terms are kept separate from terms in the document itself. For the random forest approach  , we used a single attribute  , 2 attributes and log 2 n + 1 attributes which will be abbreviated as Random Forests-lg in the following. First we have a search bar where the user can specify a set of search criteria. We conducted a set of experiments aiming to evaluate the proposed disambiguation system in comparison with stateof-the-art methods on two well-known datasets. Apart from the continuous and discrete paradigms  , some emerging simulation techniques are also observed in SPS studies  , e.g. Our R-SOX system  , built with Raindrop 4  , 6  , 5 as its query engine kernel  , now can specify runtime schema refinements and perform a variety of runtime SQO strategies for query optimization. In contrast to our approach  , the xtract systems generates for every separate string a regular expression while representing repeated subparts by introducing Kleene-*. Simulation results are plotted in Figures 7-11. To get a weighting function representing the likelihood An exemplary segmentation result obtained by applying this saturation feature to real data is shown in figure 3b. EDR and EDICT bilingual Japanese-English dictionaries were used in translation. ■ Second  , to check if a step that marks up distinctively structured parts of the text is complete  , we can use regular expression patterns: The respective XPath test can check if a piece of the document text matches a specific pattern  , but is not marked up accordingly . Without the users the method would merely be a theory. Since extra memory will help reduce the amount of I/O  , additional memory is very important to a sort in this stage. In CQAs there are no such problems  , for we should just judge the similarity of two similar questions. It should be obvious  , without going through a complex matching procedure  , that the points on the adjacent flat sueaces cannot belong to the model  , which is curved at all points. For example  , measurements made by the Polhemus sensor are transmitted as an electromagnetic signal  , and so can have errors introduced by metallic objects or stray magnetic fields existing in the vicinity of the sensor contain error. In our case this is computationally intractable; the partition function Zz sums over the very large space of all hidden variables. The system then builds semantic representation for both the question and the selected sentences. Such feature can be The sorted data items in these buffers are next merge-sorted into a single run and written to disk along with the tags. Consider now a database with numerous  , medium or large images where users can ask any type of queries i.e. Regular similarity treats the document as a query to find other similar documents. Ultimately  , interaction with search interface features can transform and facilitate search actions that enable search tasks to be addressed. Although promising results have been shown in their work  , the problem of whether the promising results are caused by genetic programming or just because the used mutation operations are very effective is still not be addressed. Also  , despite the scarcity of software data and the fact that the LD procedure involves an efficiency cost due to the elimination of a large amount of valuable data  , most software engineering researchers have used it due to its simplicity and ease of use. Note that the gathering of the service descriptions and the generation of the service functions is periodically repeated in order to accommodate the possible changes in the underlying DL infrastructure. 'Organic search' is the classic search where users enter search terms and search engines return a list of relevant web pages. Rather than over fitting to the limited number of examples  , users might be fitting a more general but less accurate model. lemma 1 and 2 in EKSX 961. Here  , the likelihood function that we In Phase B  , we estimate the value of μs for each session based on the parameters Θ learned in Phase A. To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. Self-encrypting and polymorphic viruses were originally devised to circumvent pattern-matching detection by preventing the virus generating a pattern. Note that the features in sequence labeling not only depend on the input sequence s  , but also depends on the output y. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark 17 BSBM also generates fulltext content and person names. Therefore  , we need to properly handle these bad documents Q&A pairs. Fig.4 shows an example of predictive geometrical information display when an endmill is operated manually by an operator using joysticks which are described later. Moreover  , we aim to integrate HAWK in domain-specific information systems where the more specialized context will most probably lead to higher F-measures. Summary. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 1 is a simple method figure  1a in which bit vector representation for a data point object is obtained from projecting the data vector on several random directions   , and converting the projected values to {0  , 1} by thresholding. In an Iterative search  , a client keeps control of the entire search. One of the learned lessons of the previous experiments was that the regular expression RegExp substitutions are a very succinct  , efficient  , maintainable  , and scalable method to model many NL subtasks of the QA task. esmimax: This system is to use semantic similarity score to rank search engines for each query. The visible layer of the bottom-most RBM is character level replicated softmax layer as described in Section 4.2. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. Web queries are often short and ambiguous. Use EM to infer group types and estimate the remaining parameters of the model. At high temperatures most moves are accepted and the simplex roams freely over the search space. Despite this progress in the development of formal retrieval models  , good empirical performance rarely comes directly from a theoretically well-motivated model; rather  , Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. the characteristic equation becomes f1s=s 2 +KPs+KI. Then  , they considers this new document for a random time and moves  , independently  , to a third relevant document and so on. Applied to the gene expression data  , DBSCAN found 6 relatively large clusters where the fraction of genes with functional relationships was rather small. Throughout this paper  , we will use the TREC average noninterpolated precision to measure retrieval performance Voorhees  , 1997. , cosine similarity and Pearson correlation. The large majority of users cannot—and do not want to— be engaged in any kind of " programming " other than simple scripting. In section 6  , we briefly discuss some theoretical and practical issues related to variational dynamic programming. This paper focuses on whether the use of context information can enhance retrieval effectiveness in retrospective experiments that use the statistics of relevance information similar to the w4 term weight 1  , the ratio of relevance odds and irrelevance odds. As we can see  , the best result is provided by RL D-2 99.31%  , 20.09 sec. 19851. The matching score is calculated according to how well the semantic features are matched. At the end of this pattern-matching operation  , each element of the structure is associated with a set of indexing terms which are then stored in the indexing base. Next we give details of how deep learning techniques such as convolution and stacking can be used to obtain hierarchical representations of the different modalities. The remote procedure call function simply transfers control to the other partition through the control protocol  , which causes the free variables to be sent before the actual control transfer occurs. For the relevance classifier we use an ensemble approach: Random Forest. We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. We argue that the current indexing models have not led to improved retrieval results. An acceptable search would find most of the relevant documents with minimal wasted effort. A short time difference usually indicates the highly temporal relevance between the tweet and the query. Users can request creation of a track by giving patterns for instrument names. To maintain this search time for a larger database will require multiple search units each with its own disc. In order to confirm the effectiveness of our method  , we conducted an experiment. Feature matching method needs to abstract features e.g. But in high-dimensional spaces the parameter ε specifying the density threshold must be chosen very large  , because a lot of dimensions contribute to the distance values. , they do not include query optimization overhead. In doing this  , we hope to exploit the strength of machine learning to quantify the improvement of the proposed features. For some applications  , the running time performance of the SSNE detector can be a crucial factor. Inspired by the advantages of continuous space word representations  , we introduce a novel method to aggregate and compress the variable-size word embedding sets to binary hash codes through Fisher kernel and hashing methods. These search tasks are often performed under stringent conditions esp. Compute a non-zero vector p k called the search direction. The above methods can only be applied t o overdamped systems. It is shown that in 11  , under this greedy training strategy  , we always get a better model ph for hidden representations of the original input data if the number of features in the added layer does not decrease  , and the following varational lower bound of the log-likelihood of the observed input data never decreases. While the baseline and previous approaches directly used the text of the queries with stop word removal to search documents  , here we modified the queries. The same values of ρ and K as GMRFmix are used for the 1 regularization coefficient and U  , respectively. find that a better method is to combine the question-description pairs used for training P D|Q with the description-question pairs used for training P Q|D  , and to then use this combined set of pairs for learning the word-to-word translation probabilities. , OS90  , KM90  , CD92. It is interesting to observe the robustness of the system to errors in estimated sensor noise variance. The x axis shows the size of the user profile and the y axis the average number of milliseconds to compute a neighbourhood for that profile size. one of our long-term research goals to find a general model which transforms raw image data directly into " ac-tion values " . , snippets of text denoting entities  , events and relations. We made similar observations when we applied DB- SCAN to the metabolome data: the computed clusters contained newborns with all sorts of class labels. The meet-over-all-valid-paths solution MVP n for a CFG node n describes the variable values immediately before the execution of n. This solution is defined as 2 Based on the documents you've examined on the search result list  , please select the star rating that best reflects your opinion of the actual quality of the query subjects were presented with the 5-star rating widget. Where Qd is the continuously differentiable bounded desired trajectory and Fs is any relative order one  , strictly proper exponentially stable transfer function. In our case  , the nodes of the graph are documents and the edge weights are defined as the closeness in location between two documents. The entire search task is broken down into independent subtasks using equivalence classes. Our approach to CLIR in MEDLINE is to exploit the UMLS Metathesaurus and its multilingual components. , p1. The former reuses hypergraphs/lattices produced with the MIRA-tuned weights and applies new weights to find an alternative  , CLIR-optimized  , derivation. Similarly  , a control segment search is a search related to the category of the control advertisement. This is intuitive  , because the less information there is to explain user behavior each query occurred only once and no clicks were observed  , the more NCM LSTM QD+Q+D learns to rely on ranks. quicksort. The plot shows that generally  , the larger the candidate set  , the better the quality. DBSCAN's ability to distinguish between points of varying density is limited while SNN can identify uniformly low density clusters by analysing the shared nearest neighbours between points. Genetic ProgrammingGP is the method of learning and inference using this tree-based representation". In a pay-for-performance search market  , advertisers compete in online auctions by bidding on search terms for sponsored listings in affiliated search engines. To assure stability  , the stabilizing compensator must be chosen in such a way that: Here  , Gz is the closed-loop transfer function of the servo  , C  z  is the stabilizing compensator and M is the repetitive controller's delay. Unknown viruses applying this technique are even more difficult to detect. While the systematic techniques used sophisticated heuristics to make them more effective  , the type of random testing used for comparison is unguided random testing  , with no heuristics to guide its search. Relevance: On the one hand all of our data is exposed through different formats  , which limits not only their integration and semantic interpretation but also any kind of basic inference across data sources. Holmes et al. In this experiment  , we compare our weighting scheme to two commonly used weighting schemes  , i.e. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate sentences or passages and a list of named entities are generated as answer candidate. Useful information  , including name  , homepage  , rate and comment  , should be separated from web pages by regular expression. In 24  , a theory of learning interactions is developed using game theory and the principle of maximum entropy; only 2 agent simulations are tested. Figure 8 shows the predicted response of the subject using the transfer function model defined in 17  , where the measured controlled signal ys of the practised operator and the predicted signal are shown. The first two clamped-free and pinned-free frequencies computed from the analytical model agree within 10% with the measured frequencies. The most widely used measure in information retrieval research is neither Pearson nor Spearman correlation  , however  , but rather Kendall's τ 4. Only repeated search at a point makes the uncertainty tend to zero. We chose probabilistic structured queries PSQ as our CLIR baseline because among vector space techniques for CLIR it presently yields the best retrieval effectiveness. Among all proposals   , random walk-based methods 20  , 17  , 19  have exhibited noticeable performance improvement when comparing to other models. , the expected answer type  , and some other optional information  , such as type of the relation between the target and the answer. Taken together  , our approach works as follows. This hierarchical search strategy is enhanced by using a boolean query combination of a query from the hierarchy  , a keyword search  , a title search and a search with a term based on the case topic type. Folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not analyzed in this paper. Indexing different unambiguous representations we were able to reach the retrieval quality of a chemical structure search using a common Google text search. One element name is designated as the start symbol. Since pQ is constant for all documents Di given a specific query Q  , it does not affect the ranking of the documents and can be safely removed from the scoring function . These promising results suggest that integrating our approach into probabilistic SLAM methods would improve the building of maps for dynamic  , cluttered environments  , a challenging issue that requires further research. We employ Random Forest classifier implementation in Weka toolkit 7 with default parameter settings. We use the official intents as atomic intents to avoid reassessing relevance of the documents. Dataset. where Fig. Pattern matching tools help the programmer with the task of chunking. Researchers have recognized the importance of software evolution for over three decades. Later in 2  , polynomial semantic indexing PSI is performed by learning two low-rank mapping matrices in a learning to rank framework  , and then a polynomial model is considered to measure the relevance between query and document. Active constraints prevent µ max from being further increased by the optimization. Georeferencing has not only been applied to images or videos. We apply dynamic programming to find the segmentation  ˆ Specifically  , we denotêdenotê D =  where Diam ˆ Dij is the sum of all elements ofˆDijofˆ ofˆDij. sheet approach all require user examination to discard unintended mappings 8  with extra effort devoted to search for mappings not automatically generated missed mappings. This approach assumes a competitive game that ensures safety by computing the worst case strategies for the pursuer and evader. The search space is all possible poses within The " center-of-mass " search designated in this paper as C similarly divides the search space into pose cells  , but picks a random pose within each pose cell and uses those random poses to compute a set of match scores that are distributed throughout the search space. The procedure of 7 is used for 1/0 Decoupled sys+ ten=  , getting a LOR controller. The execution term of each oscillation motion per one action is two peri­ ods. Queries over Changing Attributes -The attributes involved in optimization queries can vary based on the iteration of the query. The RBMs are stacked on top of each other to constitute a deep architecture. Like external sorts. 3-grams CharGrams 3 comes in third with an F1 score of 95.97. Results are shown in the search page Figure 2b. TREC-8 marks the first occasion for CLARITECH to participate in the CLIR track. The nature of the CSIRO corpus allowed us to carry out genre identification into a small number of interesting categories people  , projects  , media releases  , publications  , biographies  , feature articles  , podcasts  , using some simple regular expression matches over URLs and document texts. Therefore  , by incorporating this pattern in the grammar  , the same form extractor automatically recognizes such exclusive attributes. Companies that are less efficient  , on the other hand  , present smaller values  , which indicate that their main drivers to fix prices are their observed costs and their lack of interest or capacity to take demand into account. It enables users to invoke arbitrary computation using their favorite tools to define data-dependent aspects of the mapping that cannot be cleanly represented in declarative representations. The second is LTR's Random Forest LTR-RF. JunGL is primarily a functional language in the tradition of ML. There are six areas of work that are relevant to the research presented here: prefetching  , page scheduling for join execution  , parallel query scheduling  , multiple query optimization  , dynamic query optimization and batching in OODBs. Full document translation for large collections is impractical  , thus query translation is a viable alternative. These metrics use Word Embedding models newly trained using the separate Twitter background dataset  , but making use of the word2vec 5 tool. There are two principles in the choice of join approach between hypergraph traversal and triple indices: 1 If the predicate of a triple pattern has a owl:cardinality property valued 1  , priority should be given to hypergraph traversal. We further propose two methods to combine the proposed topic models with the random walk framework for academic search. Since the tuples within each block are sorted by timestamp  , a merge sort is employed to retrieve the original order of tuples across the different blocks in the run. The RPS view size and CON view size are fixed to 4 ,9 for 10 clients  , 6 ,15 for 50 clients  , and 7 ,20 for 100 clients. Higher-level problems  , including inconsistency  , incompleteness and incorrectness can be identified by comparing the semi-formal model to the Essential interaction pattern and to the " best practice " examples of EUC interaction pattern templates. In order to use this feature  , a headrelated transfer function is needed. The DTW distance is computed by dynamic programming with a matrix as shown in Figure 1b. The next section presents our method based on term proximity to score the documents. Although unsupervised techniques were newly developed see  , e.g. In this case  , one could actually employ the following query plan: In an experiment on QALD-3 DBpedia questions  , the median query construction time was 30 s  , the maximum time was 109 s  , and only one question led to a timeout. This subtext is then parsed and a regular expression generated. Beam-search is a form of breadth-first search  , bounded both in width W and depth D. We use parameters D = 4 to find descriptions involving at most 4 conjunctions  , and W = 10 to use only the best 10 hypotheses for refinement in the next level. To motivate similarity search for web services  , consider the following typical scenario. In a next step  , c has to be instantiated by a matching class  , in the case of using DBpedia onto:Film  , and p has to be instantiated with a matching property  , in this case onto:producer. Assuming an industrial setting  , long-term attention models that include the searcher's general interest in addition to the current session context can be expected to become powerful tools for a wide number of inference tasks. However  , this step of going the last mile is often difficult for Modeling Specialists  , such as Participants P7 and P12. In Section 2  , we describe the various components of CLIR systems  , existing approaches to the OOV problem  , and explain the ideas behind the extensions we have developed. An important characteristic of query logs is that the long tail does not match well the power law model  , because the tail is much longer than the one that corresponds to the power law fitting the head distribution. Finding the appropriate parameters for DB- SCAN and identifying cluster boundaries in OPTICS are challenges to the user. The termination of the above definition of quicksort can be verified using termination proof methods based on simplification orderings. The overall system's capabilities 6  , 7 1 may be summarized as follows: i ability to 'pick and place " single and multiple limp material panels without causing damage  , distortion  , deformation or folding of the material  , ii a b i l i to operate with a reliability of 2 99%  , iii ability to perform material manipulation at a rate of 2 12 paneldminute as required by the industry' with a maximum manipulation rate of about 22 panels per minute  , iv abilii to handle the entire stack or a desired number of panels in a stack of material  , and  , v abillty to handle a wide variety of limp materials such as fabric  , leather  , sheet metals etc. The optimization techniques being currently implemented in our system are : the rewriting of the FT 0 words into RT o   , a generalization of query modification in order to minimize the number of transitions appearing in the query PCN  , the transformation of a set of database updates into an optimized one as SellisgS does  , and the " push-up " of the selections. where f w ,k ∈ R denotes the score for the k-th inter-lingual feature associated with w within the dim-dimensional shared inter-lingual embedding space. With the features obtained from the images and the differences between the real and estimated robot pose  , two data files have been built to study the problem and obtain the classifier using machine learning techniques 3 . Therefore  , in these experiments we tested the improved heuristic computation using euclidean distance. Alternatively  , missing values can be imputed with several methods starting from simple imputation of the mean value of the feature for each missing value to complex modeling of missing values. Rather the twig pattern is matched as a whole due to sequence transformation. We aim to identify the topics which best characterize this intent and use those topics to infer the latent community structure. In this paper  , we proposed a robust  , efficient visual forceps tracking method under a microscope using the projective contour models of the 3-D CAD model of the robotic forceps. The Bernoulli parameter pr ,u in our model  , however  , is specific to a rank r and a user u  , thus leaving more flexibility for setting different hypothesized values for simulation or fitting empirical parameters from log data. Since feature patches are not necessarily fixed over the problem space  , each individual synapse can be affected by a multitude of input values per data example q = 1 ,2 ,. We do not present an exhaustive case study. Enumerative search techniques are very inefficient as the search space becomes too large to explore. For CLIR  , the requirements are much less: It only requires the model to provide a list of the most probable translation words without taking into account syntactic aspects. We now describe the details of k-merge phases. This brings forth a need for a simple way of describing and extracting a relevant subset of information materialized views over large RDF stores. The output of some string operations is reasonably approximated by a regular expression. Despite this partial exploitation of the potential of the CS in providing virtual views of the DL  , its introduction has brought a number of other important advantages to the CYCLADES users. We also show results that demonstrate the advantages of our approach over support vector machine based models. It can extract facts of a certain given relation from Web documents. To overcome this shortcoming  , we propose to use a multi-stage model. Our CLIR method uses an off-the-shelf IR system for indexing and retrieving the documents. Empirical modelling  , which focuses on the concepts of observation and data fitting from real experiments was used to characterize the behaviour of the PMA. Section 2 formally defines the parametric query optimization problem and provides background material on polytopes. For a real rational transfer function  , if the poles and zeros are simple  , lie on the jw-axis and alternate with each other  , then the transfer function is passive. We also take into account that resources of BSBM data fall into different classes. where Z = Z α Z β is a normalization factor; |V | is the set of users to whom we try to recommend friends and |C| is the candidate list for each user; θ = {α}  , {β} indicates a parameter configuration. It also addresses the user cold start problem effectively since the model allows us to capture user interests from queries and recommend related items say music even if they do not have any history on using music services. To minimize the impact of author name ambiguity problem  , the random forest learning 34  is used to disambiguate the author names so that each vertex represents a distinct author. Although in the existing literature BUC-based methods have been shown to degrade in high skew values  , we have confirmed the remark of others 2 that using CountingSort instead of QuickSort for tuple sorting is very helpful. Our results also showed that replacement selection with block writes is the preferred inmemory sorting method. In addition  , deep learning technologies can be implemented in further research. The about predicate says that d1 is about 'databases' with 0.7 probability and about 'retrieval' with 0.5 probability . In our scenario  , if each entity is modeled as a pattern  , the lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the multi-pattern matching problem. Similarly  , if the successor box is a join  , then the Aurora optimizer costs performing a merge-sort or indexed lookup  , chooses the cheapest one  , and changes the join implementation appropriately. Now that a nondimensional controller has been designed   , it remains to be seen how this controller will perform in the dimensional domain on actual SFL manipulators . There has been a great deal of research on inductive transfer under many names  , e.g. Because the task is a binary classification personal or organizational   , a support vector machine was used Chang and Lin 2011. Instead of using cosine similarity to compute the user check-in behavior  , we have also tried other metrics  , such as Pearson correlation and Total Variation Distance  , but observed similar results. This approach is similar in nature t o model-predictive-control MPC. The following regular expression describes all possibilities: By continuing in this manner  , an arbitrarily long connection can be sustained. Further  , given the negative impact of irrelevant ads on credibility and brand of publishers and advertisers  , how to design functions that minimize the placement of irrelevant ads  , especially when the relevant ones are not available ? The aim of cross-language information retrieval CLIR is to use a query in one language to search a corpus in a different language. 1 Sponsored search refers to the practice of displaying ads alongside search results whenever a user issues a query. Further  , suppose that this tool uses regular expression patterns to recognize dates based on their distinctive syntactical structure. Finally we have undertaken a massive data mining effort on ODP data in order to begin to explore how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance in agreement with semantic similarity. We evaluated each source and combinations of sources based on their predictive value. Finally  , we show the potential leverage of product master data from manufacturers with regard to products offered on the Web. This suggests that ad groups are very homogeneous   , and we would expect clicks from different terms in an ad group to have similar values to the advertiser. We then refine the association matrix probabilistically. In our work  , We employ PLSA 3 to analyze a user's interest by investigating his previously asked questions and accordingly generate fine-grained question recommendation . The low-rank recovery with structurized data makes full use of the information of similar samples and the correlation of all the samples. There are other ways of improving performance of query optimizers  , and research efforts also need to be directed towards better modeling of random events  , underlying database organization and compile time eventsll. GGGP is an extension of genetic programming. , the probability of the ads displayed for query q to be clicked can be written as: Given a back-point βintv  , p index  , the uncertain part of sequence S is the sequence segment S i that is inside β.intv  , while the pattern segment P i   , which is possibly involved in uncertain matching  , could be any pattern segment starting from β.p index. Because calculation of the viscosity and other behaviors of ER fluid would be too complicated  , a velocity response model has been determined experimentally. The relationships among words are embedded in their word vectors  , providing a simple way to compute aggregated semantics for word collections such as paragraphs and documents . To identify modes  , all data points are taken as starting points and their location is updated through a sequence of hill climbing step. 4 Technically  , this model is called the hierarchical logit 32 and is slightly more general than the nested logit model derived from utility maximization. 1a. Therefore this approach is expected to be generalized to all kinds of resources for opinion retrieval task. an external sort deals with memory shortages by initiating a merge step that fits the remaining memory. In this paper  , however  , the authora use just a fairly small and thus ~ alistic document representation  , made up from 25 &at&t terms taken horn the titles of scientific papers. It reaches a maximum MRR of 0.879 when trained with 6 data sources and then saturates  , retaining almost the same MRR for higher number of training data sources used. We use a TRIE representation of variablelength character strings to avoid readjusting comparison starting points. However  , we believe that MT cannot be the only solution to CLIR. This procedure assumes that all observations are statistically independent. This makes it worth finding how effective CHI is in CLIR when compared to WM1. Therefore  , such methods are not appropriate to be applied on feature sets generated from LOD. WaveCluster  , after much tweaking of its settings   , came close to finding the visually obvious clusters. , the systeni has no zero dynaniics. In this paper  , we propose a novel retrieval framework for modeling term dependencies based on the probabilistic calculus offered by QT. By maximizing the regularized log-likelihood  , Laplacian pLSA softly assigns documents to the same cluster if they 1 share many terms and 2 belong to the same explicit subtopics. Experimental results show the PLSA model works effectively for recommending questions. In the next section we present a newly developed system identification based on orthogonal basis functions. We call this way of counting words " soft-counting " because all the possible words are counted. As we shall see below  , global rules are very useful for customizing the translation -the user can add to the system global rules defining special treatment for specific subtrees in the data  , while the rest of the data is handled in a standard manner by the other predefined rules of the system. For example   , probabilistic models are a common type of model used for IR. We therefore configured the Gigascope to only try the regular expression match for DirectConnect if the fixed offset fields match. To the best of our knowledge  , the SSTM is the first model that accommodates a variety of spatiotemporal patterns in a unified fashion. , English and Chinese  , and study the CLQS performance change due to the less strong correspondence among queries in such languages. This is can be solved using stochastic gradient descent or other numerical methods. The basic structure of the similarity function is based on the dynamic programming idea Rabiner  , 1993  , p.223. As mentioned earlier  , a combined Lagrangian relaxation and dynamic programming method is developed .  New results of a comparative study between different hashbased search methods are presented Section 4. Interactive-time similarity search is particularly useful when the search consists of several steps. The extractor is implemented as a module that can be linked into other information integration systems. In modern dynamic programming optimizers Loh88  , HKWY97   , this corresponds to adding one rule to each of those phases. This example highlights the challenges faced by any code search approach that depends solely on term matching and textual similarity. To summarize  , we propose to replace the UPA and EDC constraint in the XML Schema specification by the robust notion of 1PPT. A straightforward way to solve the top-k lightest paths problem is to enumerate all paths matching the given path pattern and pick the top-k lightest paths. When the action to be taken is considered the first step of a longer sequence  , computing the utility function may involve motion planning  , or even game-tree search  , if reactions of other objects are taken into account. In addition  , we denote α Q n as the relative emphasis on freshness aspect estimated by the query model fQ Furthermore we assume that the Pearson correlation between the different measurement dimensions y i and y j is equal to ρ for all i  , j. The obtained transfer function matrix is given by: To identify the unknown parameters  , we use an autoregressive moving average with exogeneous model ARMAX. cost function based on softmax function. The large clusters are easily interpretable e.g. A common approach to similarity search is to extract so-called features from the objects  , e.g. The search technique needs to be combined with an estimator that can quantify the predictive ability of a subset of attributes. the state-of-the-art QALD 3 benchmark. Note that the model is sufficiently general in the sense that the expressions can be extended to operate on any new schematic information that may be of interest. , products  , vendors  , offers  , reviews  , etc. Table 5shows the MAP results using translated queries for search. As a method mainly for interaction between search engines and users  , query suggestion techniques usually cannot directly improve the relevance of the search results  , but rather enhancing the entire user search experience within the same search intent. We implement a simple  , pipelined σ physical operator  , and two flavors of join: sort-merge sort   , and hash hash . The local proxy redirects the user to the expanded search interface when a search engine is requested. C while the case of uncertain-membership will be labeled by L = {−1  , +1}. Once the minima are found for all objects to be placed  , the locations at which the real objects need to be placed by the robot are then given by the locations to which the object profiles have been moved. This includes: word matching  , pattern matching and wildcards  , stemming  , relevance ranking  , and mixed mode searchmg text  , numeric  , range  , date. The average dimension was approximately about 6000 states. In consequence  , we have developed a practical plug-and-play solution for similarity indexing that only requires an LSH-compatible similarity function as input. However  , due to the presence of random noise in the measurement  , the result of the transfer function was not exactly the same for each task.  The Salmone Arabic-to-English dictionary  , which was made available for use in the TREC-CLIR track by Tufts University. MSE stands for the mean value of the squared errors between all the predicted data points and corresponding label points. For instance  , for the Robust test collection  , improvement in Kendall-τ is on average 10% for the full set of systems and it rises to 25% for the top 30 best performing systems. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. In recent years  , more sophisticated features and models are used. Xue et al. Optimization of this query plan presents further difficulties. In order to study whether those results are meaningful  , we pick the regular expression CPxxAI as an example and search sequence alignments where the pattern appears. 16 showed that a distributed search can outperform a centralized search under certain conditions. Since MATA is based on graph transformations  , sequence pointcuts can be handled in a straightforward manner since they are just another application of pattern matching-based weaving. We note that our method only relies on word embeddings and the availability of word lists to construct the paraphrase matrix. Assignment to a cluster center is achieved using hillclimbing on the same density landscape. These results give a set of clusters of measures that have high correlation across a simulated document collection. An example for our CQA intent classification task may be {G : 0.3  , CQA : 0.7}  , which means that the forest assessment of an input query is that it is a general Web query G with 30% probability  , and a CQA query CQA with 70% probability. The transfer function relating the contact force to the commanded force F  , and the environment position X  , is: The block diagram of the control system is shown in Figure 5. Instructions associated to a pattern that matches that node need to be re-evaluated. It checks the available memory before each merge step and adjusts the fan-in accordingly. This is also one of very few recent studies to empirically explore the value of multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies for CLIR. We exploit the supervision information on the labeled target language data set At to directly tune the target language SAE. A search set also has a serial number and a search expression. Note that RT  gives us an effective procedure for constructing the transaction automaton. The above equation directly means the viscosity. Scalability experiments were performed on 3d datasets as well. Leading data structures utilized for this purpose are suffix trees 11 and suffix arrays 2. In practice the chance that a random document containing a false match would also match the rest of the user's query is very small. Learning-based approaches have commonly been used to build predictive models of human behavior and to control behaviors of embodied conversational agents e.g. Since only default indexes were created  , and no optimization was provided   , this leaves a room for query optimization in order to obtain a better query performance. which the other components on this level rely. At each re-training step  , a test set is used to compute the transliteration accuracy  , and the training is continued till the point when transliteration accuracy starts decreasing  , due to over-fitting. Learning approaches based on genetic programming have been most frequently used to learn link specifications 5 ,15 ,17. Simulated Annealing devised by Kirkpatrick  , et. The purpose of similarity search is to identify similar data examples given a query example. We also propose a way to estimate the result sizes of SPARQL queries with only very few statistical information. 5b and 5c seem to benefit more from the CLIR approach. We call this method Variational Dynamic Programming VDP.  We show the efficient coordination of queries spanning multiple peers. We propose new document-based similarity measures to quantify the similarity in the context of multiple documents containing τ . CLIR on separate collections  , each for a language.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. , sort-merge or existing physical access paths. In order to understand the data analyzed  , we briefly describe the framework used to implement the lightweight comment summarizer. Different authority transfer weights express different preferences of the user  , translating into personalized ranking. We also prove the convergence of IMRank and analyze the impact of initial ranking. This makes possible to propose similar formulas with coefficients to estimate their costs. A sensory perception controller SPC using stochastic dynamic programming has been developed. The result of a search is a list of information resources. But in order to consider the special nature of annotations for retrieval  , we proposed POLAR Probabilistic Object-oriented Logics for Annotation-based Retrieval as a framework for annotation-based document retrieval and discussion search 8 . For the step a  , we can write t  , = ct  , + wt  , + 1.2 vlogv wstcs which accounts for reading all the documents in the collection   , parsing all the words  , and sorting the vocabulary to generate a perfect hash. We find minimal correlation  , with a Pearson coefficient of 0.07. Their research also supports the findings of Hull and Grefenstette 14 that phrase translations are important for CLIR. v Simulation. The related problems of traversing mud and high  , stiff vegetation are also of interest with the main issue being a technique for effective characterization of the vehicle-ground interaction. Because we did not have any ground truth for selecting among these alternatives in the first year of the track  , we instantiated a small crowdsourcing task on CrowdFlower  , 9 in which we showed the annotators questions from the final dry run  , with up to six answers from the six retrieval configurations when two or more methods returned the same answer  , we would show fewer than six options. Finally  , we summarize our work. Accordingly  , the performance of NEXAS is largely determined by that of the underlying search engine. We identified twenty high-output research institutions consisting of six private and fourteen public institutions using SPSSgenerated random numbers and matching them to institutions in the Carnegie Classification: Research Universities – Very High Research Activity group 1. We can rank the search results based on these similarity scores. The effect on CLIR queries was small  , as the Finnish queries did not have many phrases. He proposed to extract temporal expressions from news  , index news articles together with temporal expressions   , and retrieve future information composed of text and future dates by using a probabilistic model. At the same time  , it preserves some diversity as a hedge. Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design  , and they do not have single  , clear semantics. 10 modeled conditional probability distributions of various sensor attributes and introduced the notion of conditional plans for query optimization with correlated attributes. KOG also maps attributes between related classes  , allowing property inheritance. The equation of each 3D line is computed by fitting a vertical line to the selected model points. Also weighting methods should be tested: Does weighting affect CLIR queries similarly as monolingual queries ? In his method  , stability ana lysis about the whole system is established on the basis of Popov's stability theory. , d * = argmax d cos u b − ua + uc  , u d . Their results further show that better performance would be obtained from applying imputation techniques. Techniques were used for query expansion  , tokenization  , and eliminating results due solely to matching an acronym on the query side with an acronymic MeSH term. As expected  , Random performs worst. , 29  to further improve the speed and scalability of similarity search. One of the contributions of this paper is to provide a public dataset in order to better move the field forward. An inverted file is a collection of posting lists  , stored on a storage medium supporting random access. Cross language information retrieval CLIR is often based on using a bilingual translation dictionary to translate queries from a source language to the target language in which the documents to be retrieved are written e.g. Although search for First-max finds the highest similarity using a longer path 77 steps as opposed to 24  , it reaches high quality solutions faster. If information about the topological order of the training data is provided  , or can be inferred   , only a very small data set is required. Hereto  , we apply Laplacian pLSA 6 also referred to as regularized topic models 24   , using the document similarities given by Eq. OOV problem consists of having a dictionary that is not able to completely cover all terms of a language or  , more generally  , of a domain . For example  , Logan 6  vestigated Mel-frequency Cepstral Coefficients MFCCs as acoustic features and utilized Earth-Mover's distance to measure the similarity between songs for recommendation. We take mean field annealing approach MFA  , which is a deterministic approach and requires much less computational complexity than simulated annealing  , to locate the constrained global optimal solution. Overlaid on the video  , the observers could see a curve displaying their recent evaluation history See Figure 2-Bottom. requiring a minimum of 90 samples given the population of 1376 products in the BMEcat. In this paper  , we present an Exa-Q architecture which learns models and makes plans using the learned models to help a learning agent explore an environment actively  , avoids the learning agent falling into a local optimal policy  , and further  , accelerates the learning rate for deriving the optimal policy. In the previous section  , we defined the query representation using a hypergraph H = V  , E. In this section  , we define a global function over this hypergraph  , which assigns a relevance score to document D in response to query Q. While hyProximity scores best considering the general relevance of suggestions in isolation  , Random Indexing scores best in terms of unexpectedness. For simplification  , we can measure the efficiency of GenProg using the NTCE when a valid patch is found 39. If no pre-existing example image is available  , random images from the collection may be presented to the user  , or a sketch interface may be used. Our sort testbed is able to generate temporally skewed input based on the above model. When the search reaches a local minimum in terms of function P  , a preset number of random walks  , each of which is followed by a gradient motion  , are performed to escape the local minimum. Since the path down the tree is controlled by the nodes that are popped from the heap  , the search is neither a true depth.first nor a true breadth·first search of the hierarchy. Most commercial image search engines  , e.g. of document pairs for which a re-ranking method reverses the orders by the search engine  , over all the document pairs from the test sessions. We call this predisposition " advertising receptiveness "   , and show that the user's interest in a search ad shown for a future search within the same session can be predicted based on the user interactions with the current search result page. We follow recent successes with word embedding similarity and use in this work: The closer the function's value is to 1 the more similar the two terms are. Given a query Q  , the virtual documents VDCi'S are treated as normal documents and are ranked for Q based on a probabilistic model. This result is really interesting because it establishes a quantitative measure of the different companies' market position in a given market and goes beyond the results each single approach -data mining and game theory -could provide. A few proposals exist for evaluating transitive closures in distributed database systems 1 ,9 ,22 . A total of 11 groups see Table 1 participated in the two classic distributed search tasks 9: Task 1: Resource Selection The goal of resource selection is to select the right resources from a large number of independent search engines given a query. Maps have evolved over time to address scale issues  141. Semantics-based approaches  , in general  , allow to reach a higher precision but lower recall 11. We overcome this problem by actually downloading the pages  , analyzing them linguistically  , and matching the patterns instead of merely generating them and counting their Google hits. To evaluate our proposal  , we implemented two use cases that allowed us to produce a large quantity of product model data from BMEcat catalogs. This template can be utilized to identify other classes of transaction annotators. Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. s k   , any subsegmentation si . Then  , we calculate the macro-average value for each unique pair of queries across all search sessions. We also note that BSS is not consistent on these two platforms: for example  , it doesn't work well in the iPhone 5 dataset 0.510 on MRR@All on 0.537 on MRR@Last by BSS-last. The success of dictionary-based CLIR depends on the coverage of the dictionary  , tools for conflating morphological variants  , phrase and proper name recognition  , as well as word sense disam- biguation 13 . , spatial-temporal data  , predefined schemas  , or fixed visual representation e.g. In the experiment  , evaluators assessed Queriability and Informativeness manually with the source files of data sets. First  , we apply the PLSA method to the candidate images with the given number of topics  , and get the probability of each topic over each image  , P z|I. The second category of DCMs model target boundary as global energy minimum 10 11 and take global optimization approaches specifically simulated annealing to locate them. While the sort is executing this merge step  , the available memory is reduced to 8 buffers. The night sky is one example; as the magnification level is adjusted  , one will identify different groupings or clusters. With our approach  , an object surface is divided into a set of cross section curves  , with closed B-spline curve used to reconstruct each of them by fitting to partial data points. The term-precision model differs from the previous two weighting systems in that document relevance is taken into account. Anyway  , the C parameter tuning is a very time and labor intensive work so that we need some automatic hill-climbing parameter calibration given enough computing power. We note that during our research we also trained our random forest using the query words directly  , instead of their mapped clusters. From an embedding point of view  , θ d is document d's projection in a low-dimensional nonnegative topical embedding 7. 17 For comparison  , on KE4IR website we make available for download an instance of SOLR a popular search engine based on Lucene indexing the same document collection used in our evaluation  , and we report on its performances on the test queries. The Maximum Entropy approach allows for the use of a large amount of descriptors without the need to specify their relevance for training a specific semantic concept. We present a joint NMF method which incorporates crowdbased emotion labels on articles and generates topic-specific factor matrices for building emotion lexicons via compositional semantics. Scientific data is commonly represented as a mesh. This model is primarily concerned with the two important problems of query expansion   , namely with the selection and with the weighting of additional search terms. All estimates are made using 500 bootstrap samples on the human rated data. This section is divided into four subsections. Figure 3shows the quality of the results of our heuristic search vs. the quality of the results of the non-heuristic expanding search 1 a random page is chosen for expansion since hyperlinks are un-weighted compared to the optimal exhaustive search. 3 In this paper we propose a machine learning method that takes as input an ontology matching task consisting of two ontologies and a set of configurations and uses matching task profiling to automatically select the configuration that optimizes matching effectiveness. Introducing the notion of lossless transmission line  , Anderson and Spong 8 argued that L block can be made to strictly positive real and stable transfer function. In sequence-to-sequence generation tasks  , an LSTM defines a distribution over outputs and sequentially predicts tokens using a softmax function. In this paper  , we proposed a method to leverage click-through data to extract query translation pairs. If a component can be instantiated in an empty context at the root of an application  , the recursive function is used to generate its equivalent in B.   , we must compute the best recovery action. Several simplified systems were used to study the effect of hysteresis  , for example  , a constant force was subtracted to account for the effect of damping and friction but the best results as far as matching the experimental data were given by the transfer function: Hysteresis: Similar to friction and damping  , a simplified model of the hysteresis was used and the describing function computed. , w |N d | }  , where |N d | denotes the length of the document d expressed by the number of word tokens. Furthermore  , these methods have a number of other limitations. In the previous section  , we studied the popularity evolution of a page when users discover pages purely based on random surfing. For the constant elasticity case this means that K J = diag{K J ,i }  , i.e. By changing the parameter k  , we can realize the variable viscosity elements. This paper presents a novel technique for self-folding that utilizes shape memory polymers  , resistive circuits  , and structural design features to achieve these requirements and create two­ dimensional composites capable of self-folding into three­ dimensional devices. When there are many tuples in memory  , this may result in considerable delays. Generic tree pattern matching with similar pattern description syntax is widely used in generic tree transformation systems such as OPTRAN 16  , TXL 5  , puma 11  , Gentle 18  , or TRAFOLA 13  , as well as in retargetable code generation  , such as IBURG 10. LLDL is particularly useful for learning collocations because it contains a large amount of genuine text and provides useful search facilities. In the initial time-step  , the end-to-end output from the encoding procedure is used as the original input into first LSTM layer. PropBank was manually annotated with verbargument structures. This likelihood depends on the class associated to the feature and in general is different among the features. The search for the optimal path follows the method presented in lo. However  , the exponential complexity of dynamic programming may limit the optimizer to queries that involve not more than 15 relations. i demographics and expertise ii search tasks iii search functionality and iv open ended questions on search system requirements. the given regular expression R patterns contained in the sequence. In this paper  , we make a first step to consider all phases of query optimization in RDF repositories. In our baseline system  , we currently support descriptor-based global similarity search in time series  , based on the notion of geometric similarity of respective curves. Our QA system is constructed using methods of classical IR  , enhanced with simple heuristics. Using WE word representation models  , scholars have improved the performance of classification 6  , machine translation 16  , and other tasks. Therefore  , it seems appropriate to use Spearman's rank correlation coefficient 11 to measure the correlation between weighted citations and renewal stage. S&P500 data set holds the typical characteristics of time series and has an excellent correlation between the consecutive data elements  , while image histogram data does not have this property. However  , even if T does not accurately measure the likelihood that a page is good  , it would still be useful if the function could at least help us order pages by their likelihood of being good. This is the same optimization done in the standard two-pass sort-merge join  , implemented by many database systems. The unweighted veriosn of cluster recall RU is defined as the percentage of distinct semantic clusters that are represented in the generated timeline out of the judged semantic clusters. With L = W   , we can have: Laplacian kernels are defined mathematically by the pseudoinversion of the graph's Laplacian matrix L. Depending on the precise definition  , Laplacian kernels are known as resistance distance kernels 15  , random forest kernels 2  , random walk or mean passage time kernels 4  and von Neumann kernels 14. While the inherent benefits of longer training times and better model estimates are now fairly well understood  , it has one additional advantage over query centric retrieval that does not appear to be widely appreciated. In this paper  , we propose to use CLQS as an alternative to query translation  , and test its effectiveness in CLIR tasks. The main reason for using LR to estimate parameters is that few statistical assumptions are required for its use and 0  , 0  , ..  , 0 and q 0 = 0.5  , 0.5  , ..  , 0.5 ; While these metrics provide a good estimate of the quality of the search results  , and in turn have been shown to correspond to search effectiveness of users  , these do not take into account the search success of a specific user for a session. The hierarchical search makes use of the Lucene Boolean operator to join: a UMLS concept search  , appropriate Topic type word search e.g. Results showed that larger lexicon sources  , phrase translation  , and disambiguation techniques improve CLIR performance significantly and consistently on TREC-9 corpus. We will now introduce an example and concretize the mapping strategy. Finally  , we present our conclusion in Section 6. When it receives the request for a sort  , it sends the request to all data sites and merge sites. Above results are just examples from the case study findings to illustrate the potential uses of the proposed method. The optimizer's task is the translation of the expression generated by the parser into an equivalent expression that is cheaper to evaluate. In this simulation  , folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not considered. The program correctly identified the semantic closeness between the following two context vectors the two context vectors have a distance of 0.03012 – the relative large value means they are close: Note that the two contexts have only one overlapping words. They also explored using random forest classification to score verticals run ICTNETVS02  , whereby expanded query representations based on results from the Google Custom Search API were used. They show that the transfer function parameters vary smoothly in the work space as a function of the joint positions  , velocities  , and accelerations. As described in 15  , GenProg needs to implement two key ingredients before the application of genetic programming: 1 the representation of the solution and 2 the definition of the fitness function. We should note that all those complex tasks cannot be identified by the straight-forward Rule-Q wcc baseline  , so that the newly defined task coverage metric measures how well the learning methods can generalize from the weak supervision . Figure 4shows the user interface of our search engine. Since deterministic regular expressions like a * define infinite languages  , and since every non-empty finite language can be defined by a deterministic expression as we show in the full version of this paper 9  , it follows that also the class of deterministic regular expressions is not learnable in the limit. Table 2shows the BMEcat-2005-compliant mapping for product-specific details. From each mention  , a set of semantic terms is extracted  , and the number of mentions a term derives from can be used to quantify its relevance for a document. The five sorts are: Straight insertion  , Quicksort  , Heapsort  , List/Merge sort and Distribution Counting sort. The bypass technique fills the gap between the achievements of traditional query optimization and the theoretical potential   , In this technique  , specialized operators are employed that yield the tuples that fulfll the operator's predicate and the tuples that do not on two different  , disjoint output streams. For our probabilistic runs we used the SMART retrieval runs as provided by NIST. , ligand docking 7  , 221  , protein folding 3 ,23  , 241. The technique is also known as φ-folding 36   , a compiler optimization technique that collapses simple diamond-shaped structures in the CFG. ODP advanced search offers a rudimentary " personalized search " feature by restricting the search to the entries of just one of the 16 main categories. As the optimization time varies greatly with the query size  , all performance numbers are given relative to DPccp  , e.g. Finally  , we would like to emphasize that we do not seek to claim the generalization of our results. However  , for BSBM dataset  , DFSS outperforms ITRMS for both scalability experiments see Figure 4c and Figure 5a. Topic characterisation in Social Media poses various challenges due to the event-dependent nature of topics discussed on this outlet. In general  , l in Definition 3.1 could be a component of a generalized path expression  , but we have simplified the definition for presentation purposes in this paper. In all the cases  , we compare the queries generated by D2R Server with –fast enabled with the queries generated by Morph with subquery and self-join elimination enabled. ueu This allowed us to validate the BMEcat converter comprehensively. , orgamzlng map h-a remarkable tradition in effective reg~ tance 7  , 8. In fact  , a class profile can be seen as an approximative unigram Language Model for the documents in that particular class. The heuristic-search has the exponential computational complexity at the worst case. Since softassign determines the correspondence between data sets  , the exact correspondences are not needed in advance. However  , this optimization can lead to starvation of certain types of transactions. , query language to the target i.e. In summary  , navigation profiles offer significant opportunities for optimization of query execution  , regardless of whether the XML view is defined by a standard or by the application. Mimic focuses on relatively small but potentially complex code snippets  , whereas Pasket synthesizes large amounts of code based on design patterns. For K = 0.5  , the transfer function reduces to Recently  , it has been shown that the problem of semantic text matching can be efficiently tackled using distributional word matching   , where a large number of lexical semantic resources are used for matching questions with a candidate answer 33. Unlike the univariate approach  , the tuning of covariance matrix Q has an exponential search space  , since we need to simultaneously set all diagonal elements. In CLIR  , essentially either queries or documents or both need to be translated from one language to another. It is known that spatialized sound may increase the sense of presence in VEs 5. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first studying the relation between long-term web document persistence and relevance for improving search effectiveness.  BSBM SQL 4 contains a join between two tables product and producttypeproduct and three subqueries  , two of them are used as OR operators. Specifically   , in our data sets with News  , Apps and Movie/TV logs  , instead of building separate models for each of the domain that naively maps the user features to item features within the domain  , we build a novel multi-view model that discovers a single mapping for user features in the latent space such that it is jointly optimized with features of items from all domains. Identifying common sub-expressions is central to the problem of multiple query optimization. These landmarks are found for both the reference map and the current map. where p m · and p s · denotes the likelihood function for moving objects and stationary object  , respectively. The probability that a target exists is modeled as a decay function based upon when the target was most recently seen  , and by whom. This approach  , however  , works only for common encoding patterns for range values in text. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. requirements engineering 12 but most often in the field of software testing 1 . Moving between the two activities may be awkward or disorienting  , making it difficult to maintain a sense of direction of focus. In this paper  , we propose to establish an automatic conversation system between humans and computers. We speed up model fitting by considering only actors billed in the top ten and eliminating any actors who appear in only one movie. The conventional approach to query optimization is to pick a single efficient plan for a query  , based on statistical properties of the data along with other factors such as system conditions. Figure 2 clearly shows that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS-test-based approach achieves much higher MRR than the other 4 approaches for all number of labelled data sources used in training. For example  , consider the following two queries: In general  , the design philosophy of our method is to achieve a reasonable balance between efficiency and detection capability. Open PHACTS 15   , query optimization time dominates and can run into the tens of seconds. The classifier uses these similarity functions to decide whether or not citations belong to a same author. The bottom-most RBM of our model  , which models the input terms  , is character-level variant of the replicated softmax RSM model presented in 28  for documents . sequences of actions a user performs with the search engine e.g. Some of its successful applications include library catalogue search  , medical record retrieval  , and Internet search engines e.g. Most cross-language information retrieval CLIR systems work by translating words from the source i.e. In that case  , the response time will be even longer. The mixed-effects model in Eq. We employed the query translation approach to CLIR by translating the English queries and retrieve in monolingual Chinese. Equally popular was advanced search where it was found that 38% of the document search used the advanced search box. This optimization problem is NP-hard  , which can be proved by a reduction from the Multiway Cut problem 3 . Relevant datasets are selected using the predicate-matching method  , that a triple pattern is assigned to datasets that contains its predicate. A search trail is represented by an ordered sequence of user actions. It can be observed that the redundancy penalization effect of | is consistent with the equivalent parameter in the metric  , i.e. For comparison purposes  , the corresponding plot for the Q-learning based controller and is also shown plot c and the knowledge-based controller plotb  , averaged over 500 epochs. Assuming the reader to be familiar with recursion in deductive databases Gallaire84  , Bancilhon86  , Ullman86  , we address the problem of evaluating queries referencing rule defined relations. In CWW00  , DB2  , Sto75Figure 2: Source data set for Order erating lineage tracing procedures automatically for various classes of relational and multidimensional views  , but none of these approaches can handle warehouse data created through general transformations. But in fact  , sort merge join does not need to compare tuples on the traditional '<' operator – any total ordering will do. Like any topic model based approach  , LapPLSA Laplacian pLSA depends on a prefixed parameter  , the number of topics K. There is no easy solution to find the optimal K without prior knowledge or sufficient training data. Applying the same fitting procedures described in Section VI-D to the torsion free case  , we first determined a tip error of 24.78 mm 54.32 mm maximum. Second  , we want to consider other types of 1 user action  , e.g. Since the " simple " approach to determine the value of social navigation cues in the search interface provided little insight  , we had to use a more advanced approach. image search  , belong to the first type  , and provide a text box to allow users to type several textual keywords to indicate the search goal. Instead of using probability to decide on a move when the cost is higher  , a worse feasible solution is chosen if the cost is less than the current threshold 1 . Rather  , it selects a successor at random  , and moves to that successor provided that there is an improvement of MP C. The computation usually halts when we have not been able to choose a better successor after a fixed number of attempts. The obtained regular expression can be applied with the appropriate flags such as multi-line support and with appropriate string delimiters to instance pages to check for template matching. Web services search is mainly based on the UDDI registry that is a public broker allowing providers to publish services. For such queries  , current IGNITE optimizer prefers hash-join-based query plans. Despite its complexity  , the LuGre dynamic friction model has been chosen in this activity to further improve the fitting between simulation and experimental results. 5 we can derive the expression C To define when a region in a tokenized table T is valid with respect to content expression ρ  , let us first introduce the following order on coordinates. For the second approach  , we applied the softmax action selection rules. Specifically  , positive pattern matches are carefully constructed regular expression patterns and gazetteer lookups while negative pattern matches are regular expressions based on the gazetteer. Besides the discrete design variables  , the size of the search space is further increased by six continuously varying parameters defining the position and orientation of the space shuttle with respect to the satellite. This regular expression is then applied on the sentences extracted by the search engine for 2 purposes: i. We choose grep-2.2 as the subject program in this study. This makes the flexible beam equations very difficult to solve and simplifications must be made. Optimization using materialized views is a popular and useful technique in the context of traditional database query optimization BLT86  , GMS93  , CKPS95  , LMSS95  , SDJL96 which has been successfully applied for optimizing data warehouse queries GHQ95  , HGW + 95  , H R U96  , GM96  , GHRU97. In this paper  , we present a scalable approach for related-document search using entity-based document similarity. Groupization to improve search. 11   , who have described the development of the Electronic Manipulus Florum project 4   , a digitized collection of Latin quotations  , as well as the Janus search engine that finds overlap between user query text and the Florum quotations despite the existence of complex variants. Almost all these existing methods are devoted to propose various measures to estimate the relevance score between query and sources and this kind of relevance is very closely related with the semantic content of query and results. Finally we will give a description of some experimental results. The determined discrete transfer function from the base motor amplifier input voltage to the reflected output is mapped to the continuous plane using a ZOH to allow for continuous time H  , design. described in the previous section and closing the outer loop by a PID controller Es  , the following transfer function can be derived: 2 Beyond the torque capacity of 150mN m  , the hybrid actuation is associated with saturation in position control bandwidth at a certain frequency due to the time constant of joint and muscle dynamics. When one uses the query term selection optimization  , the character-based signature file generates another problem. We performed one Chinese monolingual retrieval run and three English-Chinese cross-language retrieval runs. Shaelyn is completing a similar task using Scholarly. Self joins of leaves and joins between two leaves are performed by using sort-merge join. Given the biases inherent in effective search engines — by design  , some documents are preferred over others — this result is unsurprising. The relatively high F1C scores of our methods indicate that the number of unique authors can be estimated with the number of achieved clusters from the original data set. For the case of the hoist and drag drives the transfer function is for winch velocity as a function of reference input  , while for the slew drive it is for torque as a function of reference input. For any manlpulator  , wlth any type of posrtlonlng controller  , one can always arrlve at lnequallty * Is imposed on the robot end-point. Figure 4: ILI visits percentage forecasting performance on the Pearson correlation and p-value for VA and CT in 3 seasons For assessing pattern validity  , we use a simple measure based on the relative frequency of matching contexts in the context set. Regularity Detection is used to detect specific patterns of movement from a properly structured database Itinerary Pattern Base. After some simple but not obvious algebra  , we obtain the following objective function that is equivalent to the likelihood function: Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. It was found that the undamped transfer function from A71 to A41 -2Aqh4 is passive. In the sequel we describe several alternatives of hill climbing and identify the problem properties that determine performance by a thorough investigation of the search space. Most research are focused on analyzing microarray gene expression either to determine significant pathways that contribute to a phenotype of interest or deal with features genes selection problem. * ?/ in Perl regular expression syntax for the abbreviation î that is used to search a database of known inflected forms of Latin literature. Canfora and Cerulo 2 searched for source files through change request descriptions in open source code projects. In general  , OBIE systems use ontologies to model domain knowledge for a special area of interest. Thus similar titles will appear approximately in the same column  , with the better scoring titles towards the top. In this work we try to overcome these problems by applying automatically discovered techniques for fusion of the available evidence. However  , the more efficient compressors such as PH and RPBC are not that fast at searching or random decompression  , because they are not self-synchronizing. The fading is controllable by a weighting parameter a. Simulated responses of the experimental setup to 20 N disturbance force stcp are shown in Fig. The fulfillment of the second objective allows us to substitute the inner loop by an equivalent block whose transfer function is approximately equal to one  , i.e. We developed a selection-centric context language model and a selection-centric context semantic model to measure user interest. Experiments conducted on two real datasets show that SoCo evidently outperforms the state-of-the-art context-aware and social recommendation models. The full merge is not very competitive in cost  , because each element is accessed  , but it is actually a tough competitor in terms of running time  , because of the significant bookkeeping overhead incurred by all the treshold methods. Finally  , we combine the proposed technique and various baselines under a machine learning model to show further improvements. These benchmarks use the DBpedia knowledge base and usually provide a training set of questions  , annotated with the ground truth SPARQL queries. This issue is typically resolved by acknowledging these assessor differences and simply accepting the opinion of a single assessor. Finally  , although probably not sensible in the incremental setting  , an iterate-until-stable style optimizer can be specified by simply introducing a recursive call to TRANSFORMER from within the Figure 4: A Parallelizing Tool FORMER function itself. The Classic Sort-Stop plan provides much better performance than the Conventional Sort plan as long as it is applicable; its curve stops at N = 10 ,000 because its sorted heap structure no longer fits in the buffer pool beyond that point. In this paper we model score distributions of text search engines using a novel approach. In all our experiments  , we fix σ 2 = 9; experiments with several other values in the range of 3 to 20 did not yield much difference. The final step mimics user evaluation of the results  , based on his/her knowledge. Whenever an external force is applied to the hand controller  , the end-point of the hand controller will move in response. In addition  , stopword list and word morphological resumption list are also utilized in our system. For a detailed presentation of DBSCAN see We omit the term " wrt. In this paper we propose a novel approach called Concept Search C-Search in short which extends syntactic search with semantics. character also deenes a sentence boundary unless the word token appears on a list of 206 common abbreviations or satisses the following awk regular expression: ^A-Za-zzz. A-Za-zzz.+||A-ZZ.||A-Zbcdfghj-np-tvxzz++.$$ The tokenizing routine is applied to each of the top ranked documents to divide it into "sentences". In our final experiment we tested the scalability of our approach for learning in very high dimensions. Similarity between users is then computed using the Pearson correlation: Rating data is represented as a user × item Matrix R  , with Ru  , i representing the rating given by user u for item i  , if there exists a rating on item i  , or otherwise there will be a null value. Such queries are very frequent in a multitude of applications including a multimedia similarity search on images  , audio  , etc. In the pattern matching step  , we will compare performance of the several kernel functions e.g. A denoising autoencoder DAE is an improvement of the autoencoder  , which is designed to learn more robust features and prevent the autoencoder from simply learning the identity. The link is checked for the first obstacle and moved accordingly. In our system  , we use a standard Jaccard-based hashing method to find similar news articles. One of the common approaches is to derive the transfer functions for all input/output pairs from the step response experiments 4. The optimization goal is to find the execution plan which is expected to return the result set fastest without actually executing the query or subparts. SARSOP also uses a dynamic programming approach  , but it is significantly more efficient by using only a set of sampled points from B.    , where the circled elements are added by the imputation strategy . Here  , n ringers are constructed by encrypting a random plaintext Pr with a random key kr to obtain the ringer's ciphertext Cr. Figure 1depicts the architecture of our semantic search approach. Our measurements prove that our optimization technique can yield significant speedups  , speedups that are better in most cases than those achieved by magic sets or the NRSU-transformation. In order to discover and query objects in the digital repository through the Tufts Digital Library generic search application was developed that provides two initial levels of searching capabilities: a "basic search"  , and an "advanced search." It is a probabilistic model that considers documents as binary vectors and ranks them in order of their probability of relevance given a query according to the Probability Ranking Principle 2. BIR: The background model comprises several sequences of judgements. This means that This means that the descendants of v h share at least a node with the descendants of v k but they do not belong to the same subtree. We first tried the regular-expression-based matching approach . It can be shown that the number of possible decompositions i.e. The topic similarity between pi and uj is calculated as Equation 1. As the exponential growth of web pages and online documents continues  , there is an increasing need for retrieval systems that are capable of dealing with a large collection of documents and at the same time narrowing the scope of the search results not only relevant documents but also relevant passages or even direct answers. Usually  , position controllers are developed using transfer functions from the input torque T to the tip position y. A notable feature of the Fuhr model is the integration of indexing and retrieval models. Given a text query  , retrieval can be done with these probabilistic annotations in a language model based approach using query-likelihood ranking. The protein folding problem has a complication in that the way in which the protein folds depends on factors other than the purely geometrical con­ straints which govern the polygonal problems. These findings attest to the redundancy of feature functions when employing ClustMRF for the non-ClueWeb settings and to the lack thereof in the ClueWeb settings. The uncertain plant is described as the second-order transfer function This is a somewhat contrived example as it has been built to stress issues due to real parametric uncertainties. Finally  , all other numbers are identified with an in-house system based on regular expression grammars. In contrast  , our double dynamic programming technique Section 2 can be directly applied to arbitrary unrooted  , undirected trees. This shows that even if a high-quality MT system is available  , our approach can still lead to additional improvement. In their follow-up work 4  , the authors proposed an incremental model by jointly learning the word embeddings along with its document embedding. The goal of such investigations is es- tablishing equivalent query constructs which is important for optimization. Thus  , violation to the principle of optimal&y requires further extensions. The Map class supports dynamic programming in the Volcano-Mapper  , for instance  because goals are only solved once and the solution physical plan stored. Table 3 gives the mean over the 50 trials of the Pearson correlation between the per-topic estimate and goldstandard values of R  , the number of relevant documents. Section 4 addresses optimization issues in this RAM lower bound context. Some insights from measurement theory in Mathematical Psychology were briefly covered to illustrate how inappropriate correspondence between symbol and referent can result in logically valid but meaningless inference. Based on the bag-of-word representation and tf idf weighting scheme  , we calculated cosine similarity between expanded queries and the contents of resources. The 11-point P-R curves are drawn in Figure 3. Note that the value of local features may be larger than 1 as the activation function used in the autoencoder is ReLU for better sparsity. where ins represents a test instance and C denotes the context model. The imitation game balances the perceived challenges with the perceived skills of the child and proves to be challenging for the children. Deletion of tuples is performed symmetrically  , from the leaves to the root  , updating each concerned summary to take into account tuple deletion. Each region is assigned a degree of coherence that is based on visual properties of the region including fonts  , colors and size. Kivinen and Warmuth focus on deriving upper bounds on the error of WH and EG for various settings of the learning rate q. Kivinen and Warmuth Kivinen & Warmuth  , 1994 study in detail the theoretical behavior of EG and WH  , building on previous work Cesa-Bianchi et al. 2B. The value of Qo is similarly an increasing function of K which in this case means that as K increases the range of batch sizes over which the GS policy is more desirable increases. In pLSA  , it is assumed that document-term pairs are generated independently and that term and document identity are conditionally independent given the concept. Thus the random-order index has to be stored separately from the search index which doubles the storage cost. Similarity search in metric spaces has received considerable attention in the database research community 6  , 14  , 20. , a group of people who use a special-interest Web portal or work together could enhance search. For more details  , see 3. The form of SA used is a variation of the Nelder-Mead downhill simplex method  , which incorporates a random variable to overcome local minima 9. Clearly  , there is significantly fewer cross community edges  , and more inner community conductorships in the communities extracted by NetPLSA than PLSA. This confirms that determining what is the most appropriate search parameter depends greatly on the type of results desired. ,answers  , questions or users. A conventional dynamic-programming optimizer iteratively finds optimal access plans for increasingly larger parts of a query. 3 proposed an approach to classify sounds for similarity search based on acoustical features consisting of loudness  , pitch  , brightness  , bandwidth  , and harmonicity. All results  , in the form of question  , docid  pairs were automatically scored using NIST-supplied scripts designed to simulate human judgments with regular expression patterns. In conclusion  , these results are coherent with the previous experiments but a deeper understanding of the relations between the chaos and fractional-order dynamics must still be further explored. Not every nondeterministic regular expression is equivalent to a deterministic one 15. The primary contribution of this work is increased understanding of effectiveness measures based on explicit user models. The downside  , however  , is that machine translation is typically time-consuming and resource-intensive. As the goal function to be optimized in hill-climbing  , ℐ is considered better if the facets of ℐ have both smaller pair-wise similarities and smaller navigational costs than that of ℐ line 14. We view the CCR problem as a 3-class classification problem by combining garbage and neutral as a single non-useful class. Genetic Programming GP 14 is a Machine Learning ML technique that helps finding good answers to a given problem where the search space is very large and when there is more than one objective to be accomplished. During search  , our distributed search component accesses different databases depending on whether the user is a lay person or a physician. The performance of a similarity search system can be measured in three aspects: search quality  , search speed  , and space requirement. The minimal quotient strategies are equivalent to the nondominated strategies used in multiobjective optimization and Pareto optimal strategies used in cooperative game theory. The results of these experiments is presented in Table 2. Our random forest is composed of binary trees and a weight associated with each tree. Due to ambiguity in natural language  , the top returned results may not be related to the current search session. the white LED used in the lamp were manually soldered to the composite prior to folding. Using the same method as in the aforementioned formulas the tfidf values are calculated for the terms  , but the term frequency is of course based on the search result itself  , rather than the " positive " or " negative " profile. The returned score is compared with the score of the original model λ evaluated on the input data of 'splitAttempt'. Obviously there is nothing inherent in each of the factors which determines how heavily each should be weighted  , but this may be established on an experimental basis. This commanded velocity profile resulted in the vehicle's front wheels reaching the top of the hill at approximately 4.1 s. A time-lapse sequence of the motion with and without SBMPC is shown in Figure 12. Approaches derived from the probabilistic retrieval model are implemented as a summation of " weights " of the query terms that appear in the document  , where the weight is essentially a normalized version of term frequency. Some of the earliest work in CLIR was done by Salton 17 and Pevzner 13 who used thesauri to index and retrieve documents written in multiple languages. However  , practical difficulties arise in two aspects. Variants of such measures have also been considered for similarity search and classification 14. This problem can be formulated as finding longest common subsequence LCS. If we are given a world model defined by the transition probabilities and the reward function Rs ,a we can compute an optimal deterministic stationary policy using techniques from dynamic programming e.g. We use a query engine that implements a variation on the INQUERY 1 tf·idf scoring function to extract an ordered list of results from each of the three indices. The search results are saved in a cluster map from document ids to sets of cluster names using the search terms as cluster names. Results are given for a 3D task and compared to the random search. extending keyword search with a creation or update date of documents. The succession measure defined on the domain of developer pairs can be thought of as a likelihood function reflecting the probability that the first developer has taken over some or all of the responsibilities of the second developer. We then proposed different aspects for characterizing reference quality  , including context coherence  , selection clarity  , and reference relevance with respect to the selection and the context. Search that was launched in July 2009 and precisely addresses this issue. This years' performance reects the addition of the automated expression system  , and the corresponding increase in the 4  , which we feel would be a benecial addition to the overall system architecture. We defer discussing the possible reason to Section 6. use the same families of models for both MoIR and CLIR. Fourth  , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets so that its coverage detection capability is often more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method e.g. One difficulty in measuring the user-user similarity is that the raw ratings may contain biases caused by the different rating behaviors of different users. We propose a robust method called DCT fingerprinting to address the sensitivity problem of hash-breaking. where λi's are the model parameters we need to estimate from the training data. For memory-based methods such as Pearson correlation or personality diagnosis PD  , sparse FA is much faster per recommendation 50 times typical. A related research is to perform query expansion to enhance CLIR 2  , 18. Using auxiliary tree T   , recursive function sort csets is invoked to sort the component sets. Hence other search mechanisms like random search and exhaustive search would take inordinate time 20. 3  , 9  both consider a single optimization technique using one type of schema constraint. The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with two-point contact. The judges were asked to read each post and then check the boxes next to tags they thought were appropriate for the post. The second part of the table shows the slowdown of the tests generated by basic random compared to the tests generated by BALLERINA  , when run on the same number of cores. where xt ∼ r means that xt matches the regular expression r. For example  , sd700  , sd800 and sd850 all match the regular expression " a-z+0-9+ " in the pattern matching language. When ranking a query-document pair q  , d  , NCM LSTM QD uses behavior information from historical query sessions generated by the query q and whose SERPs contain the document d. NCM LSTM QD+Q also uses behavioral information from all historical query sessions generated by the query q  , which helps  , e.g. In the second stage  , for the identification of the facet inclination of a given feed  , the IowaS group used sentiment classifiers and various heuristics for ranking posts according to each facet. Tables 3 and 4 present the achieved results for transfer and copy CPs by running our method using the local ranking function. In search engine and community question answering web sites we can always find candidate questions or answers. Experimental results reported in this work were obtained on a publicly available benchmark developed by Balog and Neumayer 2  , which uses DBpedia as the knowledge graph. The search method described formally in Figure   3 is to successively narrow the search interval until its size is a given fraction of the initial search region. are themselves further defined in terms of pattern expressions in a text reference language which allows keywords  , positional contexts  , and simple syntactic and semantic notions. Participants could identify interesting pages in one of two ways. Therefore  , the learned estimator is not limited to a specific search engine or a search method. stem search  , -phrase search and full word search on node texts  , equality and phonetic similarity on author names. Initial studies have concentrated on the single flexible link. In Section 3  , we discuss the characteristics of online discussions and specifically  , blogs  , which motivate the proposal of S-PLSA in Section 4. This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . A relational similarity measure is used to compare the stem word pair with each choice word pair and to select the choice word pair with the highest relational similarity as the answer. When integrated in LDM  , they achieve significant improvements over state-of-the-art language models and the classical probabilistic retrieval model on the task of ad hoc retrieval on six English and Chinese TREC test sets. This means that we only need to check clusters whose keys have a Hamming distance in the range HQ  , P −k  , HQ  , P +k namely  , clusters Cj with They assume that session records tell success or failure stories of users who became competent questioners  , given a topic and a search system  , or went astray: a search experience is poised to be rewarding for a 'good' user  , while the experience of a 'bad' user will be negative. Especially the latter poses a challenge  , as YAGO categories tend to be very specific and complex e.g. Here the feature vector φi is composed by the count of each term in the i th comment. Moreover the pattern-matching procedure controls  , through nonnalization any excessive growth of the indexing term set. CYCLADES 3 is an OAI 6 service provider that implements an open collaborative virtual archive service environment supporting both single scholars as well as scholarly communities in carrying out their work. In order to investigate larger spaces  , randomized search strategies have been proposed to improve a start solution until obtaining a local optimum. At query optimization time  , the set of candidate indexes desirable for the query are recorded by augmenting the execution plan. Thus different truncations of the same search term were also considered different search terms. Treating V r as required nodes  , V s as steiner nodes  , and the log-likelihood function as the weight function  , WPCT sp approximately computes an undirected minimum steiner tree T . We begin by evaluating how accurately we can infer progression stages. All these techniques rely on similarity functions which only use information from the input string and the target entity it is supposed to match. It is possible to use the out of bag error to decide when to stop adding classifiers to a random forest ensemble or bagged ensemble. The goal of this section is to illustrate why similarity search at  , high dimensionality is more difficult than it is at low dimensionality. To illustrate this goal  , consider the following hypothetical scenario where the scoring function scoreq  , c = w T ϕq  , c differentiates the last click of a query session from other clicks within the same session. The performance of the Translation Model and the Translation- Based Language Model will rely on the quality of the word-to-word translation probabilities. Although the great majority of users simply have the typical religion/party/philosophy names in those fields e.g. However parts with circular edges can produce ramps in the transfer function such that there is no upper bound on plan length as a function of n. In A parts feeding plan is a sequence of open loop squeezing actions specified by the orientation of the gripper. Relevance modeling 14 is a BRF approach to language modeling that uses the top ranked documents to construct a probabilistic model for performing the second retrieval. Also  , the hybrid method selects fewer terms and stops before the quality deteriorates any further. However  , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic  , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory  , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. In this paper  , we study the vector offset technique in the context of the CLSM outputs. The changes are introduced into the XML 6 A necessarily exponential-time procedure  , in general unless P = NP. In query optimization mode  , BHUNT automatically partitions the data into " normal " data and " exception " data. We call a search in such environments F-search  , and argue that these environments result in a distinct set of information needs and search patterns. However  , there is one important restriction of such XPath views: The XPath expression in the comparison has to be exactly the same as the view XPath expression. We are continuing to study alternatives to this basic XPath expression  , such as using regular expressions  , allowing query expansion using synonyms  , and weighting the importance of terms. This is very different from what we do in this paper: our techniques do not propose any changes to current search engine architecture and do not rely on internal data of the search engine; moreover  , our goal is to sample from the whole index and not from the result set of a particular query. The best-first crawler BFC uses a classifier that learns to classify pages as belonging to topics in a taxonomy. We use a model that separates observed voting data into confounding factors  , such as position and social influence bias  , and article-specific factors. It uses dynamic programming to compute optimal alignment between two sequences of characters. Figure 7 shows the result of simulated annealing in trajectory planning when applied to the example in figure 6d. In computa­ tional geometry  , there are various paper folding problems as well 25. Step Three  , Random Baseline  , was omitted. It should be noted that the key contribution of this work is more about extracting the important features and understanding the domain by providing novel insights  , but not necessarily about building a new predictive modeling algo- rithm. A T-Regular Expression is a regular expression over a triple pattern or an extended regular expression of the form  Particularly complex operations on software graphs are pattern matching and transitive closure computation. The ARC approach is a CNN based method with convolutionary layers which construct sentence representations and produce the final matching scores via a MLP layer 7. The remaining of this paper is structured as follows. For Australian   , German and Ionosphere data sets there is improvement of 1.98%  , 5.06% and 0.4% respectively when compared with Random Forest Classifier. Detection time with angle increment 6 5 5 varies between 2-4 seconds. The basic cell for all pattern matching operations is shown in Figure 19.2. In the example at hand  , k=42 since every query and corresponding relevance set from SAWSDL-TC serves as a partition from the service set. Once the relevant pictograms are selected  , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. We further emphasized that it is of crucial importance to develop a proper combination of multiple kernels for determining the bit allocation task in KLSH  , although KLSH and MKLSH with naive use of multiple kernels have been proposed in literature. Both CPU and I/O costs of executing a query are considered. The random access address of the ancestor mark bit can be saved for reference until the successor is searched later in the sequence. However  , PLSA found most surprising components: components containing motifs that have strong dependencies. However  , users require sufficient knowledge to select substructures to characterize the desired molecules for substring search  , so similarity search27  , 29  , 23  , 21 is desired by users to bypass the substructure selection. A bruce-force enumeration approach to the joint segmentation and curve-fitting problem 3 will have a complexity exponential in T   , the sequence length. With PLSA  , although we can still see that lots of vertices in the same community are located closely  , there aren't clear boundaries between communities. We define pictogram categories by appropriating first level categories defined in the Concept Dictionary of EDR Electronic Dictionary6. was executed. High deviation was argued to correlate with potentially reduced query drift  , and thus with improved effectiveness 46. After another 500 random planning queries  , the empty area that was originally occupied by the obstacle is quickly and evenly filled with new nodes  , as shown in Figure 8d. However  , it remains to be seen whether Word Embedding can be effectively used to evaluate the coherence of topics in comparison with existing metrics. Second  , in most cases  , the W value of those combined resources are in between occasionally above the resources that are combined. However  , for most practical problems  , solutions are easier to find and such search is not neces- sary. We identify the following important similarity search queries they may want to pose: So far almost all the legal information retrieval systems are based on the boolean retrieval model. Another problem is DRs that are irrelevant for the search  , but still get a high similarity value. The creation of the WePS Web People Search corpus consisted of the following steps: 1. We next present our random forest model. Statistical model selection tries to find the right balance between the complexity of a model corresponding to the number of parameters  , and the fitness of the data to the selected model  , which corresponds to the likelihood of the data being generated by the given model. CF also has a good performance since it can always give prediction if the target item has at least one rater and the Pearson correlation similarity between this rater and the target user is calculable. , N -1  , for a positive integer The Semantic space method we use in the context of the Blog-Track'09 is Random Indexing RI  , which is not a typical method in the family of Semantic space methods. It might be because of the sparsity of data  , no obvious dimensions are much more important than others  , and every word has some contribution in representing passages nominated for a topic. Third  , a distributed P2P search system is more robust than a centralized search system as the failure of a single server is unlikely to paralyze the entire search system. Training set size was varied at the following levels {25  , 49  , 100  , 225  , 484  , 1024  , 5041}. In the digital age  , the value of images depends on how easily they can be located  , searched for relevance  , and retrieved. Items that warrant camera-imaging often introduce more complex distortions that cannot be corrected by these techniques. Most surprisingly  , the RDFa data that dominates WebDataCommons and even DBpedia is more than 90% regular. Second  , we explore how ensemble selection behaves with varying amounts of training data available for the critical forward selection step. In addition  , the hybrid approach may find sub-optimal solutions for dynamic vehicle routing problems of any size. The patterns used in ILQUA are automatically learned and extracted. We estimated 2s + 1 means  , but assumed that all of the output functions shared a common covariance matrix. The probability that a query T 1   , T 2   , · · ·   , T n of length n is generated by the language model of the document with identifier D is defined by the following equation: The exploration-cost estimate is used by the ECM to help remove certain types of incorrect advice. This vulnerability stems from the fundamental role of participants in an online world: to provide value  , the distinct pseudonyms must engage in interactions that are likely to be informationrich   , and are hence susceptible to a new set of attacks whose success properties are not yet well understood. In 9  , separate GPs are used to model the value function and state-action space in dynamic programming problems. In addition  , we study a retrieval model which is trained by supervised signals to rank a set of documents for given queries in the pairwise preference learning framework. 2005   , who show that explicit feature mapping is preferable to implicit feature mapping using   , for example  , suffix trees for support vector machine training and classification of strings  , when using small k-mers. It requires assessors to compare the search results of the suggestions to that of the input query and awards those suggestions having better search results. The proportion of search types are presented in Table 5. 0 For a rule r   , we define the function h from the set of distinguished variables in r to the set of all variables in r. For a distinguished variable x  , hx is the variable that appears in the recursive predicate in the antecedent in the same position as x appears in the consequent. In this model  , a pair i  , j of original and recognized string lengths is used as an error pattern of OCR and weight  , or a penalty of incorrect recognition is assigned to each pattern to calculate the similarity of two strings by dynamic programming matching. Query translation is usually selected for practical reasons of eeciency. The resulting point cloud is a smooth continuous surface with all outliers removed. where η is the probability weight that a word wi in C t is generated from the general background model. Our work differs from them as we use prime path coverage  , which subsumes all other graph coverage criteria  , to generate the event sequences. The stated comfort with search modes and the perceived effective strategies matched the performance discussed above. As will be shown  , the different formats offer different tradeoffs  , both during query optimization and query execution. Among the most prominent projects in this arena is the WEBSOM system 12 representing over 1 million Usenet newsgroup articles in a single huge SOM. We got 45% of the questions answered with greater than 0.7 cosine similarity measure. To give the reader an intuition of how fault-revealing properties can lead users to errors  , Figure 9 provides examples   , from our experiments  , of fault-revealing and nonfault-revealing properties for two faulty versions. The RNN implements a dynamical mapping between end-effector positions u and joint values q. They search for a good sequence of tree edit operations using complex and computationally expensive Tree Kernel-based heuristic. However  , we employ clickthrough query-document pairs to improve segmentation accuracy and further refine the retrieval model by utilizing probabilistic query segmentation. In this section  , we will attempt to determine whether the choice of retrieval model has a bigger impact on the behavior rather than the performance of a search engine than does parameter tuning. The procedure for encoding and decoding is explained in the following section. According to Q-learning  , when the agent executes an action  , it assigns the action a reward that indicates its immediate utility in that state according to the objective of the agent. Gesture recognition in complex environments cannot be perfect. However  , most of the investigations do not underline the difficulty to estimate the physical parameters of the system using the identified state space or transfer function model. Two propositions are considered equivalent if they have the same verb  , the same roles and the same head-noun for each role. Learning the TRFG model is to estimate a parameter configuration θ = {α}  , {β}  , {μ} to maximize the log-likelihood objective function Oα  , β  , μ. 8  , populated by the objects we measured. Moreover  , the self-organidng map was used in 29 for text claeaiflcation. an acronym expandable to multiple equally-likely phrases. Finally  , the distribution of θ is updated with respect to its posterior distribution. The ability to undo incorrect transforms is an important requirement for interactive transformation. Allamanis and Sutton 3 trains n-gram language model a giga-token source code corpus. From this point the top N candidates are passed to COGEX to re-rank the candidates based on how well the question is entailed by the given candidate answer. An important reason for this is that there is an implicit query expansion effect during translation because related words/phrases may be added. Two methods are also given for detecting the data flow anomalies without directly computing the regular expression for the paths. To answer RQ1  , for each action ID we split the observed times in two context groups  , which correspond to different sets of previous user interactions  , and run the two-sample twosided Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 14 to determine whether the observed times were drawn from the same distribution. Motivated by this  , we propose heuristics for fuzzy formula search based on partial formulae. The user need not know how to define hierarchies in order to &fine recursive functions. In our particular case this rating is represented by behavior of users on every page they both visit. We also show how to use the alignments to extend the classical CLIR problem to a scenario where mono-and cross-language result lists are merged. The ongoing expansion in the availability of electronic news material provides immediate access to many diaeerent perspectives on the same news stories. Focusing on any experience group  , the feature that is most strongly correlated with popularity is the number of publications 8 : the correlation reaches 0.81 for the most experienced scholars both Pearson and Spearman coefficients. Exploration is forced by initializing the Q function to zero and having a one step cost In order to explore the effect of changing the goal during learning and to assess transfer from one learned task to another  , we changed the one step reward function after trial 100 to Figure 2: Also  , terminating trials when a "goal" is reached artificially simplifies the task if it is non-trivial to maintain the system at the goal  , as it is in the inverted pendulum case where the pendulum must be actively balanced near the goal state. Given a tweet t from user u and her followers F ollowersu  , our goal is to learn a function F that estimates the likelihood of follower fi fi ∈ F olloweru retweeting t in future. Pattern-based approaches  , on the other hand  , represent events as spatio-temporal patterns in sensor readings and detect events using efficient pattern matching techniques. In this approach  , the actual contact forces shall be available via force sensors and assigned to be the desired vector Z  , such that the objective function as shown in Eq. No matching pattern indicates that PAR cannot generate a successful patch for a bug since no fix template has appropriate editing scripts. We use the following model for mixed surfing and searching: Moreover  , the DD-MCMC method shows the best performance among all of the methods. Each peer performed a search every 1–2 minutes. We consider MV-DNN as a general Deep learning approach in the multi-view learning setup. where the function X is implemented witli recursive least squares. Conventional contextual advertising primarily matches ads to web pages based on categories or prominent keywords which are regarded as semantic meaning. However  , a clever optimization of interpreted techniques known as query/sub-query has been developped at ECRC Vieille86 . More specifically  , it first identifies all the AB-paths L 1   , . Distance between documents was computed as 1 -cosine similarity.  The ranking loss performance of our methods Unstructured PLSA/Structured PLSA + Local Prediction/Global Prediction is almost always better than the baseline. Also  , the greater their number  , the higher the relevance. The procedure repeatedly samples queries uniformly at random from the set of predicted queries pqueriesx. In particular  , we have conducted an experiment in which the subjects were asked to submit a number of random as well as predefined queries to the search engine of a digital library of teaching material through our prototype application . , a sequence of partial formulae si with a specific ranges i   , e.g. Q1  , ..  , Q k are the queries in the training set and Qt is the test query. An information retrieval system SEARFA SEARch Flora Advanced system was implemented to allow users to search using both extracted information and keywords. , we care only about top 10 pairs  , because Φ has an exponential component  , any misranking of the top pairs will result in a bigger loss for N DCG 10 . The closed loop transfer function governing the system's response in the NS mode is: The line fitting error can be approximated by circular Now  , the optimization problem reduces to estimating the coefficients by maximizing the log-posterior which is the sum of the log-likelihood Eq. , units and ranks  , most of these errors could be corrected using a host of 135 regular expression rules. In particular  , we quantify behavioral agreement using the Pearson correlation score between the ratings of two users  , and we compare this between users with positive and negative links. pzj|d  , where Rt is the set of reviews available at time t and pzj|d is computed based on S-PLSA + . Last for RL4 they use the past queries and the clicked url titles to reform the current query  , search it in indri  , then calculate the similarity between current query and documents. The Random Projection Rtree addresses the problem by projecting all ellipsoids onto a fixed set of k randomly selected lines. As fundamental function of GPS receivers  , not only its position measurement data hut also measurement indexes such as DOP Dilution Of Precision  , the number of satellites etc are available from the receiver. This could imply that with more examples to learn from  , users are more focused on a general model and less able to keep in mind particular cases. We employ simulated annealing  , a stochastic optimization method to segregate these shapes and find the method to be fairly accurate. Search results often contain duplicate documents  , which contain the same content but have different URLs. One reason is that ad-hoc CLEF tasks evaluate CLIR systems as a whole; there is no direct comparison of alternative solutions for specific system components  , such as translation strategies given a fixed set of translation resources  , or resource acquisition techniques given a fixed translation strategy. In this experiment  , we start from the same seed set of N identified criminal accounts   , which are randomly selected from 2 ,060 identified criminal accounts. Relational machine learning attempts to capture exactly these statistical dependencies between statements and in the following we will present an approach that is suitable to also integrate sensory information and a knowledge base. One action is selected according to Boltzmann Dis­ tribution in the learning phase  , and is selected accord­ ing to the greedy metho d in the execution phase using the Q-values. In here  , we further developed and used a fully probabilistic retrieval model. A variety of retrieval models have been well studied in information retrieval to model relevance  , such as vector space model  , classic probabilistic model  , and language models 31  , 28  , 34  , 24  , 33  , 38 . The striking agreement between the fit model and the mean of each collection is achieved at the corresponding edge density by fitting only . An interesting application of relational similarity in information retrieval is to search using implicitly stated analogies 21  , 37. TwigStack 7  , attract lots of research attention. Core concepts are the critical ideas necessary to support deep science learning and understanding. Lee  , Nam and Lyou  l l  and Mohri  , Yamamoto and Marushima  171 find an optimized coordination curve using dynamic programming. Overall  , English-French CLIR was very effective  , achieving at least 90% of monolingual MAP when translation alternatives with very low probability were excluded. In addition  , before the main loop is executed  , R*GPU generates K random successors of the start state. Many researchers have investigated the use of statistics for query optimization  , especially for estimating the selectivity of single-column predicates using histograms PC84  , PIH+96  , HS95 and for estimating join sizes Gel93  , IC91  , SS94 using parametric methods Chr83  , Lyn88 . Figure  13depicts the sensitivity transfer function. It is therefore common practice in information retrieval and multimedia databases to use numeric scores in the interval ë0 ,1ë to model user interests ë6  , 5  , 7ë. They noted that the Janus search engine could also be used to find textual overlaps between other random texts as well. So  , we can rewrite eq. We have presented efficient concurrency control and recovery schemes for both techniques . Big gaps inside a hash table may in some operating systems cause large swap files to be allocated   , wasting disk space resources. Where TSV means Term Selection Value that is used to rank terms. If missing values are missing at random and data set size allows  , missing values rows can be discarded. , IR theory  , language models   , probabilistic retrieval models  , feature-based models  , learning to rank  , combining searches  , diversity  the most popular model among patent searchers is boolean  , because it provides clear evidence as to why a document was in the retrieved list or not ? Each  X is classified into two categories based on the maximum action values separately obtained by Q learning: the area where one of the learned behaviors is directly applicable  n o more learning area  , and the area where learning is necessary due t o the competition of multiple behaviors re-learning area. Finally  , K query partitions are created by assigning the queries in the i th bucket of any pattern to query partition i. For the sake of simplicity  , we do not distinguish between a transition and it's corresponding state variable. In this way the searcher has to fetch a page after every search attempt to search for the next word. Figure 3apresents results of the LDF clients without CyCLaDEs. In this case  , the error is the difference between the setpoint and the measured value and the control signal is the dimmer value in the next time interval. Flexible parsing methods  , often based on pattern matching  , are of value in these situations 41. We then rank the documents in the L2 collection using the query likelihood ranking function 14. If a local miminum is reached  , A * search is invoked  , beginning at the point at which hill climbing got stuck see Fig. Here are some examples of our patterns: P1. Our group has begun the use of these similarity measures for visualizing relationships among resources in search query results 13. To measure how determining trust values may impact query execution times we use our tSPARQL query engine with a disabled trust value cache to execute the extended BSBM. the input threshold. Tabuchi et al. We have extensively tested all of these in extracting links in scholarly works. The most common correlations of spiritual beliefs and robot design and use preferences were related to participants' agreement with Confucian values. Without Indices  , university INGRES used a nested loops join in which the storage structure of a copy of the inner relation is converted to a hashed organization before the join is initiated Commercial INGRES used primarily sort-merge join techniques. The evaluation shows the difficulty of the task  , as well as the promising results achieved by the new method. Large number of items  , that do not fit into the total space provided by the local stores of the participating SPEs  , are sorted using a three-tiered approach. Compiling SQL queries on XML documents presents new challenges for query optimization. We note that when sufficient training data is available  , existing techniques for learning ranking functions can be leveraged. Moreover  , following the recent trend of multilingual word embedding induction e.g. In the context of the appearance-based approach  , the mapspace X into action space Y remains a nontrivial problem in machine learning  , particularly in incremental and realtime formulations. We see that our method strictly out-performs LSH: we achieve significantly higher recall at similar scan rate. We use top Web results as background knowledge  , and construct a set of features that encode semantic meaning rather than mere textual similarity measured by the lexical features:  maxMatchScoreq ,t: The maximum similarity score as described in Section 3.1 between q and any advertisement in the corpus with the bid phrase t.  abstractCosineq ,t: The cosine similarity of Q and T   , where Q is the concatenation of the abstracts of the top 40 search results for q  , and T is that of the abstracts of the top 40 search results for t.  taxonomySimilarityq ,t: The similarity of q to t with respect to the abovementioned classification taxonomy. The s ,pecification of the optimizer example includes the definition of two tree types: initial representing the abstract syntax of the source language with no embedded attributes on any abstract syntax tree node  , and live representing the abstract syntax of the source language with live on exit facts embedded in do state- ments. The general interest model captures the user's interests in terms of categories e.g. After rewriting  , the code generator translates the query graphs into C++ code. where q 0 is the original query and α is an interpolation parameter. Pearson and Kendall-τ correlation are used to measure the correlation of a query subset vectorˆMΦvectorˆ vectorˆMΦ  , and corresponding vector M   , calculated using the full set of 249 queries. Their experiments demonstrate that the visual phrase-based retrieval approach outperforms the visual word-based approach. Due to space limitation  , we will not enumerate these results here. Simulated annealing2 is a stochastic optimization technique that enables one to find 'low cost' configuration without getting trapped by the 'high cost' local minima. We design the transfer function matrix G; similar to the case of previous section. Step 5 is improved using a model selection criterium to mitigate the over-fitting problem. Another interesting fact to note is that Support Vector Machine is virtually non-existent in the collection until 1997  , according to ACM repository. Kuffncr 121 and Nieuwenhuiwn 3. As mentioned earlier  , the most successful technique has been to apply Viterbi-type search procedure  , and this is the strategy that OCELOT adopts. By taking the underlying structure into account  , manifold ranking assigns each data point a relative ranking score  , instead of an absolute pairwise similarity as traditional ways. One aid is to intepret the axioms as defining a set of recursive functions. One of the first works to address abusive language was 21  which used a supervised classification technique in conjunction with n-gram  , manually developed regular expression patterns  , contextual features which take into account the abusiveness of previous sentences. The subject is then required to give the relevance judgements on the results returned for the best query he/she chooses for the simple combination method. Further by refining the model and improving the value function estimates with real experiences  , the proposed method enhances the convergence rate of Q-learning. Word expert parsers 77  seem particularly suitable ; the TOPIC system employs one to condense information from article abstracts into frames 39. 3shows the response of the inertial element circuit with the transfer function Fig. Similar to the twig query  , we can also define matching twig patterns on a bisimulation graph of an XML tree. This leads to the assumption of a constant transfer function for H at low frequencies where contact forces are small for all values of hand controller position. Prior work captured the effect of excessive terms appearing only in the document on the ranking score mainly by their contribution to overall document context or structure. A conversation specification for S is a specification S e.g. The size of table productfeatureproduct is significantly bigger than the table product 280K rows vs 5M rows. Evaluating local search is a challenging problem. Using a data structure which maintains the edges in the sorted order of edgeIDs  , the redundant edge elimination step can be implemented using a sort-merge based scheme. When the wheel is moved from the desired position  , the control torque sent to the wheel attempts to drive the angular position back to zero. The advantage of this approach is that new notation for writing recursive queries is unnecessary; C programmers can write recursive queries the same way they write recursive functions. So  , the GRES service is an interface between users and pools. The sorted data items in these buffers are next merge-sorted into a single run and written out to disk along with the tags. As our model fitting procedure is greedy  , it can get trapped into local maxima. Our approach combines a number of complementary technologies  , including information retrieval and various linguistic and extraction tools e.g. The A  , P  , and AP surfaces are mapped to an n-dimensional grid implemented as an n-tree  , and the search for a trajectory with minimum cost is performed in this grid. As a result of this transformation we now have equi-distant data samples in each frequency band. , http://searchmsn n.com/results.aspx ?q=machine+learning&form=QBHP. On the other hand  , DataScope is flexible to browse various relational database contents based on different schemas and ad-hoc ranking functions. Afterwards  , another 100 queries are sent to the search service  , whose average response time is taken as the result. Examples: VERS = 1: {Speed = {High  , Low}}; VERS = 1: {Kind = QuickSort}; However  , finding the central permutation σ that maximizes the likelihood is typically very difficult and in many cases is intractable 21. σ  , the partition function Zφ  , σ can be found exactly. As such  , any mapping from histories to histories that can be specified by an event expression can be executed by a finite automaton. Second  , they take a one-vs-all approach and learn a discriminative classifier a support vector machine or a regularized least-squares classifier for each term in the Note that there are lg m = 3 phases of the sort  , namely a 2-merge phase to yield a 2-sorted list  , a 4-merge phase to yield a 4-sorted list  , and an 8-merge phase to yield the final sorted list. The relation between observed CTR and the demoted grades is visualized by a scatter plot in Figure 2. In the first case  , the Triplify script searches a matching URL pattern for the requested URL  , replaces potential placeholders in the associated SQL queries with matching parts in the request URL  , issues the queries and transforms the returned results into RDF cf. The experimental system presented three different interfaces to the user during interaction  , it comprised a baseline interface that resembled the conventional layout of mainstream search engines  , and only provided a search box and 10 search results in a list format. The goal in RaPiD7 is to benefit the whole project by creating as many of the documents as possible using RaPiD7. Our newly proposed similarity measurement features graph structure well  , and can be combined with frequent subgraph mining to handle graph-based similarity search. LSP is composed of lexical entries  , POS tag  , semantic category and their sequence  , and is expressed in regular expression. We chose PIR models because we could extend them to model data dependencies and correlations the critical ingredients of our approach in a more principled manner than if we had worked with alternate IR ranking models such as the Vector-Space model. Koza applied GP Genetic Programming to automatic acquisition of subsum tion architecture to perform wall-following behavior  ?2. Applications include the folding of robot arms in space when some of the actuators fail. In this paper  , we adopt the most popular approach Pearson Correlation Coefficient PCC 2  , which is defined as: 6  , a path that avoids obstacles can be generated. We believe the advantages that the PREDATOR quicksort demonstrates over the B SD quicksort are: q The PREDATOR version is generic  , i.e. For example   , if NumRef is set to the number of relations in the query  , it is not clear how and what information should be maintained to facilitate incremental optimization . By reusing S q and the prediction cachê rui  , we can calculate the objective function in O|R| + M K 2  time  , much faster than with direct calculation. This case occurs when both slave arm located at remote site and simulated model interact with environment . Training data  , with pre-assigned values for the dependent variables are used to build the Random Forest model. where q i k is the desired target value of visible neuron i at time step k. Additionally to the supervised synaptic learning  , an unsupervised learning method called intrinsic plasticity IP is used. The search for the best choice of this parameter was performed in two steps. Interestingly  , the structurally recursive function is applied frequently to nonrecursive XML data. In IX  , this author described the problem as a graph search  , and suggested search techniques such as A'. In the case where a typical low-speed robot is used  , the proposed model cannot be applied  , and the appropriate deformation of the cloth cannot be achieved. But within that  , we maintain multiple tables of hundreds of millions of rows each. In contrast  , obtaining a minimal reformulation can take worst case exponential time in the size of the universal plan  , if the backchase has to inspect many subqueries before finding it. We assume that the tree has a well defined root  , and that a transaction attempting to construct a write quorum calls the recursive function WriteQuorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. The user interacts with the QAC engine horizontally and vertically according to the H  , D and R models. For example  , 8 shows that cvery polyhedron can be 'wrapped' by folding a strip of paper around it  , which ad­ dresses a question arising in three-dimensional origami  , e.g. PROCLUS 1 and PreDeCon 4  , are also not considered here. In the following sections  , we only considered these 490 regular selections and 299 random mentions. According to the authors  , it appears that document translation performs at least as well as query translation. In the proposed tracker  , search strategy started with a relatively large standard deviation twice as in fine search for the coarse search. The ASN has the capability of learning which action search strategy is the best to take given a particular context. In addition  , it usually requires a large training data set to detect accurate solutions. The learned soft patterns are used to judge whether sentences are definitional. As we increase σ k   , the performance in both Figure first increases and thereafter declines slightly. Thus the complexity of computing one context-aware rating is exponential in the number of modes and polynomial in the number of factors. Instead  , these formulas express the execution time not only as a function of the time to perform elementary operations e.g. The intention of the method is to trade time for space requirements. Moreover  , in order to incorporate the information from the users' social interactions and tagging  , we adopt the following ad hoc procedure. In the previous section  , we explained the main hypothesis of the search-dominant model  , Proposition 3  , that shows how visit popularity is related to the simple popularity. We use a weighted sum aggregation function with three different settings of the respective weights. Games in game theory tend to encompass limited interactions over a small range of behaviors and are focused on a small number of well-defined interactions. In contrast  , the search-dominant model captures the case when users' browsing patterns are completely influenced by search engines. This reasoning may partially explain why ensemble tree models  , such as Random Forest  , are considered superior to standalone tree models. The MediaMagic user interface contains tools for issuing queries text  , latent semantic text  , image histogram  , and concept queries  , displays ranked results lists and has an area for viewing and judging retrieved shots. The dramatic improvement over university INGRES is due to the use of a sort-merge algo- rithm. The model also includes computation of the aligning torque M z on each steered wheel. We then develop our multi-label formulation in Section 3. For simplicity  , we consider only the angular constraints imposed by the model on the local optima; only the orientations of the local fits are affected. This effect is similar to that of the XQuery core's relating projection to iteration . All collision-free samples are added to the roadmap and checked for connections with all connected components. Not all applications provide this feature  , although Such explicit reflective programming  , in which the system manipulates a dynamic representation of its own user interface  , is difficult to capture in a static query. The rectangles labeled LSTM denote the long short-term memory block 20 that is used to alleviate the vanishing and exploding gradient problem 2. In the provided evaluation   , the gold standard was manually created by the domain experts. Such a foot would in fact be more like the basilisk lizard than the standard flat circle used in the previous water runner studies. In this section we will focus on three sources from which equations with extra variables can arise and on how CEC deals with these cases. If the observed number of occurrences is more than 3 standard deviations greater than expected  , the search term and n-gram are unlikely to occur together by random chance. Hence  , which is the Pearson product-moment correlation of Q and d. In other words  , the vector space computation is used because it approximates the correlation computation when the vectors are sparse enough. , LinARX  , LogARX  , MultiLinReg  , and SimpleLinReg typically achieves high Pearson correlation i.e. 42 proposed deep learning approach modeling source code. Instead of evaluating every distinct word or document during each gradient step in order to compute the sums in equations 9 and 10  , hierarchical softmax uses two binary trees  , one with distinct documents as leaves and the other with distinct words as leaves. Our contribution is three-fold: to the best of our knowledge  , this is a first attempt to i investigate diversity for event-driven queries  , ii use the stream of Wikipedia article changes to investigate temporal intent variance for event-driven queries 2   , and iii quantify temporal variance between a set of search intents for a topic. One other study used eye-tracking in online search to assess the manner in which users evaluate search results 18. They proposed a similarity measure that uses shortest path length  , depth and local density in a taxonomy. For example  , one can join two 450 megabyte objects by reading both into main memory and then performing a main-memory sort-merge. The current implementation of the VDL Generator has been equipped with a search strategy adopting the dynamic programming with a bottom-up approach. But the problem of automatic regular expression grammar inference is known to be difficult and we generally cannot obtain a regular expression grammar using only positive samples 13  , like in our case. However  , Facebook Graph Search does not provide any travel search feature. Since the number of parameters is large and there are tremendous amount of training data  , we use stochastic gradient descent SGD to learn the model  , since it is proven to be scalable and effective. einstein relativ-ity theory "   , " tango music composers "   , " prima ballerina bolshoi theatre 1960 " ;  QALD-2: the Question Answering over Linked Data query set contains natural language questions of 4 different types: e.g. The control we present here is designed to support thii kind of extensibility. It has two paper laminates: one to fold into a handle and one to provide structure to the sensor loop. Ballesteros & Croft 3 proposed pre-translation  , post-translation and a combination of post and pre-translation query expansion techniques based on term co-occurrence. In cooperation with BookCrossing   , we mailed all eligible users via the community mailing system  , asking them to participate in our online study. In some cases  , where the density among clusters differ widely  , there is not even a single set of parameter values for and M inP ts that allows to extract the real cluster structure of a dataset for DBSCAN 8. Unfortunately  , the correct recursive function to induct upon is obscured by the many irrelevant terms in the hypothesis. Figure 4shows the distribution of trajectory times according to two adjoining distances and the best result of Q-learning. Q-value rate means percent of the number of rules in which Q-values are gotten to the number of all the rules in the environment. Search sessions of the same searcher i.e. While LIB uses binary term occurrence to estimate least information a document carries in the term  , LIF measures the amount of least information based on term frequency. However  , one recursive coarsening step already improves results considerably over mere hill climbing on the original mesh at level 0. Finally  , we build a large set of manual relevance judgments to compare with our automatic evaluation method and find a moderately strong .71 Pearson positive correlation. In our application  , the total number of MCMC iterations is chosen to be 2 ,000. Then  , tracker will continue to search through fine search for the target with smaller standard deviation and same number of samples. This leads to θ n ≈ arg max θ P Dn|θgθ|φ n−1 . Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 7 constitutes an established method for hashing items of a high-dimensional space in such a way that similar items i.e. Low-level inconsistency problems can be identified such as natural language phrases without matching semi-formal model elements and meta-model constraint violations of the extracted model. The acquisition of open-domain knowledge relies on unstructured text available within a combination of Web documents maintained by  , and search queries submitted to the Google search engine. For example  , one scientist may feel that matching on primary structure is beneficial  , while another may be interested in finding secondary structure similarities in order to predict biomolecular interactions 16. In a related result  , Croft 1980 showed that a certain type of cluster search can be more effective than a conventional search when the user wants high-precision results. The advantage of the vector space computation is that it is simpler and faster. The design of an application simulation is done as follows. They are  , however  , at a disadvantage in interactivity  , graphical presentation and popularity of the computational language. We currently estimate this threshold to be in the region of minimum query length of 10 to 12 letters for human chromosomes. reduction of error  , e.g. Search terms can easily be highlighted in found documents if they are presented using the internal representation; otherwise some word-by-word positional mapping back to the original may be needed. , escalation or non-escalation  , and the time taken to perform the transition . Two types of strategies have been proposed to handle recusive queries. The comparison of our approach to both the probabilistic retrieval models and the previous language models will show that our model achieves substantial and significant improvements. Specifically  , this paper has the following contributions:  We develop a supervised classification methodology with NLP features to outperform a deep learning approach . The CS does not support collection specific services  , i. e. all the users perceive the same services in their working space. This phase is called " search results narrowing " . In PLSA models  , the number of hidden aspect factors is a tuning variable  , while the aspects of Genomics Track topics are constants once the corpus and topics are determined. The shared central servers are taken as the central servers for the new MDNs  , while the other central servers are discarded . The RNNs in the models are implemented using LSTM in Keras. The result is the definition of a new similarity measure based on three characteristics derived from the visitor sessions: the sequence of visited pages  , their content and the time spent in each one of them. By contrast with the RI and CSTR digital libraries  , CSBIB documents are primarily bibliographic records  , rather than full text documents. The second interface displayed search results in a similar fashion to the baseline  , and provided QE terms Fig 2aon the left-hand pane  , and finally our full interface presents the search results  , and multiple representations of QE terms Fig. This is basically a random search combined with the heuristic: spreading out the contacts produces better quality grasps. Traditional twig pattern matching techniques suffer from problems dealing with contents  , such as difficulty in data content management and inefficiency in performing content search. The middle loop decouples the dynamics of the system reduces its transfer function to a double integrator. Hence  , the solution most likely converges to local minimum. 1a and 1 d. Since the function getBib is nonrecursive   , we introduce another function: define function s1xs:AnyType $a returns xs:AnyType { for $n in $a return typeswitch $n as $x case element titlexs:AnyType return $x  , s1children$x case  return  default return s1children$x } Since these SQL queries are derived from a single regular path expression  , they are likely to share many relational scans  , selections and joins. The query engine uses this information for query planning and optimization. The above experiment demonstrates the effectiveness of using CLQS to suggest relevant queries for CLIR enhancement. This relationship is then visualized in a 2D or 3D-space. Considering SAE with k layers  , the first layer will be the autoencoder  , with the training set as the input. Thus in the experiments below  , for the target set any attribute value that is not specifically of interest as specified by the target pattern retains its original value for determining matching rules. b With learning  , using the full trajectory likelihood function: large error in final position estimate. In the example it will generate the two clusters C 1   , A 1  and C 2   , A 2  visualized in Figure 1b. It also appears that  , with this approach  , additional bilingual lexicons and parallel text improve performance substantially in spite of the increased ambiguity. Qin and Henrich 2G  have pursued an AND-parallel approach which generates random subgoals and t ,hen tries to connect theni in parallel with t.he initial and final configurations. DBSCAN successfully identifies different types of patterns of user-system interaction that can be interpreted in light of how users interact with WorldCat. Additionally  , we plan to experiment with re-ranking the results returned by the Lucene search engine using cosine similarity in order to maintain consistency with the relevance similarity method used in scenario A. Thus  , we will use regular expressions to specify the history component of a guard. Specifically  , the tf idf is calculated on the TREC 2014 FebWeb corpus. In addition  , a variant of the LSTMonly model which adds the user static input as the input in the beginning of the model is also evaluated. Then  , a regular expression is used to extract all abbreviations from the articles. First  , we need more research into which effectiveness measures best capture what users want autonomous classifiers to do. We discuss this optimization problem in more detail in Section 4. The search site speed was controlled by using either a search site with a generally slow response rate SE slow  or a search site with a generally fast response rate SE fast . Images of the candidate pictograms that contain query as interpretation word are listed at the bottom five rows of Table 4. The belief update then proceeds as follows: This formulation of the observation function models the fact that a robot can detect a target with the highest likelihood when it is close to the target. This means that the user has seen at least 3 different values for the same d − k combination key and potential tracker respectively. In this paper we are in­ terestcd in problems with tree-like linkage structures. For this to happen  , each candidate point correspondence is associated with a value point correspondence cost. Furthermore  , ExpoMF with content covariates outperforms a state-of-the-art document recommendation model 30. Table 1 summarizes the clusters and shows mean values for the original features  , as well as stability scores. Furtlierinore  , we may assiinie that the adjacent frequency bins H , It is also a practice of mass collaboration at a world-wide scale that allows users to vote for ranking of search results and improve search performance. The dynamic programming is performed off-line and the results are used by the realtime controllers. While randomized  , however  , GAS are by no means a simple random-walk approach. However  , the problem of finding optimal plans remains a difficult one. That is  , the system produces a gist of a document d by searching over all candidates g to find that gist which maximizes the product of a content selection term and a surface realization term. None of the participants looked through more than a couple of search result pages. Pincer- Search 4 uses a bottom-up search along with top-down pruning. q Rapid  , incremental  , reversible operations whose results are immediately visible. We also performed experiments to understand the effect of contextual and regular expression features; the combined set performs best  , as expected. In this framework we assume a probabilistic model for the parameters of document and query language models  , and cast the retrieval problem in terms of risk minimization. An autonomous robot can be considered as a physical device which performs a task in a dynamic and unknown environment without any external help. Code is available at https://github.com/li-xirong/hierse where 0 < α  , β < 1 and I and MI are normalized to be in the same range 0  , 1. In order to extract the motions required for performing dynamic folding of the cloth  , we first analyze the dynamic folding performed by a human subject. If a term occurs more than once  , it is given a value of one for the binary indecendence model. Privileged statements modify the value of a passed tainted data and/or derive new instances of tainted data. , J ,-and JZ are performed in parallel. These patterns  , such as looking for copular constructions and appositives  , were either hand-constructed or learned from a training corpus. The experimental results show that our approach achieves high search efficiency and quality  , and outperforms existing methods significantly. if personalized information is available to the search system  , then ranking query suggestions by ngram similarity to the users past queries is more effective NR ranker. These variables can recover the global shape of the associated object. Semantic relevance. Comparison of Machine Learning methods for training sets of decreasing size. The resulting semantic relevance values will fall between one and zero  , which means either a pictogram is completely relevant to the interpretation or completely irrelevant. We also showed that it takes more effort from the user to form queries when doing pattern search as compared to similarity search  , but when relevant matches are found they are ranked somewhat higher. As expected   , the QE method using a word translation model TM1 fails to improve the search performance. Neverthcless  , we show that these additional factors can be dealt with in a reasonable fashion within the PRM framework. First  , low level operators in most commercial DBMSs are very similar  , for example  , scan  , index scan  , nested join  , sort merge join  , depth first pointer chasing  , etc. These are some of the questions we will address in our future research. We leave for future work the bias-variance decomposition of the log-likelihood loss as in 8. This experiment showed that a traditional pattern/action-based description of a searchand-replace transformation is a natural way to describe code changes. Hull & Grefenstette 10 demonstrated that the retrieval performance of queries produced using manual phrase translation was significantly better than that of queries produced by simple word-forword  dictionary-based translation. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in Figure 4. Moreover  , the number of nonzero elements of user vectors is determined by the number of items that are given a non-nil response by both paired users. In one of the examples we analyzed the vulnerability signature automaton consists of 811 states. Obviously  , this does require the imputation to be as accurate as possible. 28 suggested a search-snippet-based similarity measure for short texts. To address this possibility of over-fitting  , we consider a second heterogeneous attrition model  , in which attrition probabilities Ri are randomly generated from the distribution of estimated attrition rates shown in Figure 1. Spector and Flashner 9 analysed the zeros of a pinned-free beam transfer function for both collocated and noncollocated systems. The performance of TL-PLSA is higher when the percentage of shared classes of source and target domain is smaller. where the learning rate 7lc is usually much greater than the de-learning rate q ,. While the problemtailored heuristics and the search-oriented heuristics require deep knowledge on the problem characteristics to design problem-solving procedures or to specify the search space  , the learning-based heuristics try t o automatically capture the search control knowledge or the common features of good solutions t o solve the given problem. One reason for this practice may be the exponential growth in informational records grows at exponential rates which may contribute to higher overall discovery costs for organizations. PLSA is most suitable for count data instead of binary data  , which may be one of the reasons why PLSA did not cover the data well. Without any English OOV terms  , our translated queries achieved 86.7% of the monolingual result. The latter results in the visualization of the SSG. The MQ with q bits is denoted as q-MQ. To compute the similarity score we use an approach used in the deep learning model of 38  , which recently established new state-of-the-art results on answer sentence selection task. ECOWEB discovered the following important patterns:  Long-term fitting: Figure 1a shows the original volume of the four activities/keywords as circles  , and our fitted model as solid lines. In our work we propose a novel deep learning approach extended from the Deep Structured Semantic Models DSSM 9 to map users and items to a shared semantic space and recommend items that have maximum similarity with users in the mapped space. Only the tempered version of EM 7 used for folding prevents that the short query is mapped to that border position. Another advantage of the proposed method is that it can automatically extract the popular sense of the polysemous queries. Hiding these vertical results from view until the searcher is ready to use them might lead to a better search experience. The methods proposed in this paper use data imputation as a component. The regular expression for word specifies a non-empty sequence of alphanumerics  , hyphens or apostrophes  , while the sentence recognize simply looks for a terminating period  , question mark  , or exclamation point. Typically a learning-to-rank approach estimates one retrieval model across all training queries Q1  , ..  , Q k represented by feature vectors  , after which the test query Qt is ranked upon the retrieval model and the output is presented to the user. When memory is released and there are multiple sorts waiting  , we must decide which sort to wake up. The method of simulated annealing was used with this metric as the energy function for two sets of initial and final configurations one simply connected and one containing a loop. These results demonstrate that our system can achieve close to the best scores for a few number of topics simply because we could not implement the semantic similarity measure to compute the tweet relevance due to time complexity limitation. This is a reasonable objective as it leads to positive values of w δφ q y  at optimum  , which is the case in structured learning. As a result  , in terms of one tSk  , 2 N leaf nodes are generated and correspond t o tentative states. For the sensor selection problem we use dynamic programming in a similar fashion. Random search in such a space is hopeless. For example RF_all_13_13 stands for Random Forest using all features  , trained on 2013 and applied on 2013 9 . In addition  , the system must issue a confidence score ∈0  , 1000 ∈ Z where 1000 is very confident. At frequencies greater than 4 mHz the transfer function phase is close to 180 degrees  , thus making the shaping state estimate out of phase with the input observation. The controller is an 11th order transfer function  , which can not be found by PID control. The stability of the system can be investigated using the Routh-Hurwitz scheme. Table 2shows the Spearman correlation coefficient ρ and the Pearson correlation values for each of the distances with the AP. We use regular expression and query patterns or incorporate user-supplied scripts to match and create terms. , SEIR and EpiFast  , on the other hand  , performs not as well as social media-based methods with small lead time  , but the Pearson correlation does not drop significantly when lead time increases. Pool25 2strata Figure 1: Estimates of R on the TREC-8 collection. Moreover  , our approach is effective for any join query and predicate combinations. A state update method asynchronously combines depth and RGB measurement updates to maintain a temporally consistent hand state. However  , they do not deal with the latter problem  , suggesting further investigation as future work. 2 finds fold angle u of its original edge ee  in M  , and collects u as a folding information T . The latter limits the number of successors for each expanded state to at most K states. In the future  , we plan to utilize such constructions in order to provide a completely automatic formula revision framework. DEFINITION 2. The WSJ  , FT  , SJMN  , and LA collections are used for testing whether the parameters optimized on AP can be used consistently on other collections. The idea of having bilingual contexts for each pivot word in each pseudo-bilingual document will steer the final model towards constructing a shared inter-lingual embedding space. This goal is achieved by performing shallow semantic parsing. Λ is the vector of model parameters  , the second term is the regularization term to avoid over fitting  , which imposes a zero prior on all the parameter values. Note that a function T with the threshold property does not necessarily provide an ordering of pages based on their likelihood of being good. From Figure 2we can see that using EMD similarity strategy  , there is a higher probability that the top results are always the most relevant ones. Wang et al 41 have presented an approach called Positive-Only Relation Extraction PORE. , 9  , 2  , and at sentence level  , e.g. This result motivates a CS experiment where we check the correlation between TCT and performance  , completing our argument for detecting careless workers by their TCT under competition conditions. In this case  , the estimated cost for the query is the same as that over a database with no indexes. For large document clusters  , it has been found to yield good results in practice  , i.e. It provides additional flexibility in fitting either of these models to the realities of retrieval. , 35  , 3  , 23  , relevance models e.g.  The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. Popular email applications like Google Inbox 4  and Thun- derbird 6 display search results by relevance. Service Descriptions are represented in RDF. Students and professionals were treated separately. However  , this requires that the environment appropriately associate branch counts and other information with the source or that all experiments that yield that information be redone each time the source changes. After that  , general automated program repair has gone from being entirely unheard of to having its own multi-paper sessions  , such as " Program Repair " session in ICSE 2013  , in many top tier conferences 20  , and many researchers justify the advantage of their techniques  , such as Par and SemFix  , via the comparison with GenProg. This restriction can easily be removed to allow the vehicle to select the best path. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios   , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought 5. In the fields of image recognition and general pattern matching  , geometric similarity measures have been a topic of study for many years 9. We also employed GenProg to repair the bugs in Coreutils. First  , we discuss how to analyze the structure of a chemical formula and select features for indexing  , which is important for substructure search and similarity search. The presence of the FUNIT element helps to distinguish quantitative properties from datatype and qualitative properties  , because quantitative values are determined by numeric values and units of measurements  , e.g. In this section  , we demonstrate the performance of the Exa-Q architecture in a navigation task shown in Fig.36Table 1shows the number of steps when the agent first derives an optimal path by the greedy policy for &-learning  , Dyna-Q architecture and Exa-Q architec- ture. In order to translate an extended selection operation u7 ,ee into a regular algebraic expression  , we have to break down the operation into parts  , thereby reducing the complexity of the selection predicate $. We used an inchworm robot to validate these techniques  , which transformed itself from a two-dimensional composite to a three-dimensional function­ ing device via the application of current  , a manual rotation  , and the addition of a battery and servo. Note that search engine operations such as stemming and case-folding may preclude highlighting by re-scanning the retrieved documents for the search terms. Though content based similarity calculation is an 1 the search volume numbers in the paper are for relative comparison only effective approach for text data  , it is not suitable for use in queries. Operating in the log-likelihood domain allows us to fit the peak with a second-order polynomial. The module is based on a set of regular-expression-like rules  , that match a certain context and replace found erroneous tag with a correct one. For DBSCAN we do not show the results for DS4 and Swiss-roll since it returned only one cluster  , even when we played with different parameter set- tings. that map type names to regular expressions over pairs at  of element names a and type names t. Throughout the article we use the convention that element names are typeset in typewriter font  , and type names are typeset in italic. We describe our evaluation below  , including the platform on which we ran our experiments  , the test collections and query sets used  , the performance measured. We use Live Search to retrieve top-10 results. In contrast ~o the BIT model  , the RPI model is able to distinguish between different requests using the same query formulation. It is the translator  , not the LSL interpreter  , which can easily view the entire boolean qualification so as to make such an optimization. The document matching module is a typical term-based search engine. We then use the fitted q i parameters and equation 2 to predict the expected number of downloads in the control world. For write effects  , we give the starting points for both objects and the regular expressions for the paths. The broad-brush effect can be eliminated by identifying such alliances and grouping them together. In monolingual IR it is common to treat words that share a common stem as if they expressed the same meaning  , and some automated and interactive query expansion techniques can also be cast in this framework. To overcome the disadvantage some efforts have been taken. Our experiments of CLIR on TREC Chinese collections show that models using larger and more specific unit of translation are always better  , if the models can be well trained  , because more specific models could model more information. Both methods share the problem of too much generality since the pro- grammer can write anything into the loop or the function body; this severely limits query optimization. KIM has a rule-based  , human-engineered IE system  , which uses the ontology structure during pattern matching and instance disambiguation. There are several open challenges for our CQ architecture. example of a sentiment-based search screen and its result pages. Table 2lists the obtained space and performance figures. The only difference between Bitonic/sample sort and Bitonic/sample merge is that the initial sorting step is not required because the local lists are already sorted. On the other hand  , critics have contended that claims of success often paper over track records of failure 48   , that expert predictions are no better than random 55  , 20   , that most predictions are wrong 47  , 14  , 40  , and even that predicting social and economic phenomena of any importance is essentially impossible 54. Extracting ranking functions has been extensively investigated in areas outside database research such as Information Retrieval. We disabled constant folding in LLVM because our test cases use concrete constants for the optimizations that use dataflow analyses as described in Section 4. Our observations for this outcome include that for the models derived from the regular expression style paraphrases for the questions  , the classes were too sparse as the software developed for this task was not able to generalize the patterns enough. We expect melodic pattern matching to involve what we call " complex traversal " of streamed data. *Yahoo! IMRank achieves both remarkable efficiency and high accuracy by exploiting the interplay between the calculation of ranking-based marginal influence spread and the ranking of nodes. Plan recognition is semantic pattern matching in the programming-language domain  , for example identifying common and stereotypical code fragments known as cliches. In many documents and requests for information  , technical terms and proper names are important text elements. These sizes are then used to determine the CPU  , IO and communication requirements of relational operations such as joins. He used residual functions for fitting projected model and features in the image. MILOS indexes this tag with a special index to offer efficient similarity search. Even for synthetic data  , for which the relevant subset of dimensions is known ,only a subset of the relevant dimensions was found. Using this similarity in a self organizing map  , we found clusters from visitor sessions  , which allow us to study the user behavior in the web. The alignments use dynamic programming and the Levenshtein edit distance as the cost. More formally  , autocorrelation is defined with respect to a set of related instance pairs Our extension  , available from the project website  , reads the named graphs-based datasets  , generates a consumer-specific trust value for each named graph  , and creates an assessments graph. Apparently  , the small benefit of stemming and spelling normalization was canceled by the introduced ambiguity. The controller transfer function is C The plant transfer function Pz is α z   , therefore it becomes P mod z = ˜ α·∆α z . In their most general forms these ope~'a~ors are somewhat problematic. Our experiments exposed three previously unknown bugs  , two of which were already fixed. The key in image search by image is the similarity measurement between two images. Even though the folding pathways pro­ vided by PRMs cannot be explicitly associated with actual timesteps  , they do provide us with a temporal ordering. Within the SEM Model  , it also provides a function similar to an execution stack in a block-structured language  , where the current context is saved upon recursive invocations further planning and restored upon the successful translation and verification of certain artifacts following a promotion. The next step in sophistication is to have a template that can model more general transformations than the simple template  , such as affine distortion. Finding a measure of similarity between queries can be very useful to improve the services provided by search engines . For example  , consider the task of recognizing the U-shaped pipe fitting in the left scene of Figure2. In all cases  , the multi-probe LSH method has similar query time to the basic LSH method. Acknowledgments. After this iterative search  , an additional pass over the data is performed for refinement of clusters  , medoids and associated subspaces. Examples of these approaches are presented in 3 and 4 where frequency statistics are used for selecting the translation of a term; contrariwise  , in 5 and 6 more sophisticated techniques exploiting term co-occurrence statistics are described. Computer programs that evolve in ways that resemble natural selection can solve complex problems even their creators do not fully understand " 16. From the definition of time-dependent marginalized kernel   , we can observe that the semantic similarity between two queries given the timestamp t is determined by two factors . Performance should be slightly better when starting with a hot cache. In the sequel  , we discuss indexing the reduced PLA data to speed up the retrieval efficiency of the similarity search. This way we can assume that the whole robot structure has the equivalent transfer function 9 for every given position an for each motor at a time. We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space  , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. The shared S-only component can now be applied exactly once. We begin with a brief introduction to word embedding techniques and then motivate how can these be applied in IR. Examples of such strategies are Simulated Annealing SA IC91 and Iterative Improvement II Sw89 . Set of intervals is formed by taking all pairs of split points. This might also depend on the difference in separability of the Qrels sets from the entire collection. The choice is motivated bytheshape of the observed reliability growth curve. The recursion in the SPARQL query evaluation defined here is indeed identical to 11  , 13. Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. In DBSCAN  , the concepts of core objects and reachability are defined. Oracle provides a rich full-text search API that can be used to build information retrieval applications. Language modeling approaches apply query expansion to incorporate information from All the classifiers are implemented with random forest classification model  , which was reported as the best classification model in CCR. Our approach and more systematic approaches represent different tradeoffs of completeness and scalability  , and thus complement each other. In order to identify class names in the first group  , we can additionally match different parts of the package name of the class in documents. However  , best-first search also has some problems. The second application is in content-based image search  , where it may suffice to show a cached image that is similar to a query image; independent of our work  , Falchi et al. Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in Thus  , it helps IMRank to converge to a good ranking if influential nodes are initially ranked high. It is also possible that some relevant documents may be retrieved by document-document similarity only and not via query-document similarity. Given a query template that is c1assified by the Random Forest  , we can not only predict its probability to afford a successful grasp but also make predictions about latent variables based on the training examples at the corresponding leaf nodes. Some drawbacks of the identification of single flexible link manipulators using ARMA type models have been previously reported 4  , 51. In quick search users key in search terms in a textbox  , whereas in advanced search in addition to that they may limit the search by the type of literature fiction – non-fiction  , author  , title  , keywords  , or other bibliographic information. First  , we need a basic assumption of what the distributions will look like. However  , the relatively poor performance of the translation component of our test CLIR system was not a major concern to us  , as it remained a constant throughout our experiments. To tackle the problem  , we clean the graph before using it to compute query dissimilarity. 20 perform a comprehensive simulation study to evaluate three MDTs in the context of software cost modelling. By using our proposed system  , an mobile robot autonomously acquires the fine behaviors how to move to the goal avoiding moving multiobstacles using the steering and velocity control inputs  , simultaneously. In this study  , we further extend the previous utilizations of query logs to tackle the contextual retrieval problems. This matrix captures which pairs of patterns are collaborative and which are competitive in the context of their domain. The log-likelihood metric shows how well a time model explains the observed times between user actions. After that  , the original rank sorted by Yahoo is integrated with the similarity as candidate. This might be due to over-fitting the training data with more RBFs. Dynamic load balancing strategies can be important for meeting timeliness requirements under changing workloads  , while also providing a natural scaling plan as environmental events become more numerous and more frequent. in an Internet search engine  , we will see that there is a wide variety of pages that will provide advice vendors of cleaning products  , helpful hints specialists  , random chroniclers who have experienced the situation before  , etc. The first heuristic called " search-near-goal " drives to the parking space that is closest to the target location and then searches for the next free parking spot in a random walk fashion . , medicine  , engineering is used. It is well known that for collocated measurements  , the transfer function is passive and hence it is easy to stablilise the system 4. This section presents a dynamic programming approach to find the best discretization function to maximize the parameterized goodness function. Previous works based on this approach yield to interesting results but under restrictions on the manip ulator kinematics. We set α = 0.025  , context window size m to 10 and size of the word embedding d to be 200 unless stated otherwise. The compiled query plan is optimized using wellknown relational optimization techniques such as costing functions and histograms of data distributions. For an n clof manipulator  , the search space is exponential in n  , resulting in n * X states for a discretization x. Another topic for future \irork is providing support for cancelling submitted subqueries to the scheduler when a restrict or a join node yields an empty result. The well-known kernel trick is difficult to be applied to 9  , while kernel trick is considered as one of the main benefits of the traditional support vector machine. , N . To evaluate the performance of the random forest for disambiguation  , we first randomly select 91 unique author names as defined by the last name and the first initial from Medline database. Once we know that the recursive search on a row-maximal pCluster cannot lead to a maximal pCluster  , the recursive search thus can be pruned. Using this AXdiand the transfer function matrix Gi which we design in previous section  , the i-th follower can estimate the desired trajectory of the i-th virtual leader. Nir Ailon 1 proposed a formal pairwise method based on QuickSort which can reduce the number of preference judgments from On 2  to On log n. In the text context  , an observed event corresponds to occurrence of a word w occurring in a document d. The model indirectly associates keywords to its corresponding documents through introducing an intermediate layer called hidden factor variable }  ,.. , Experimental results organizing an archive of MP3 music are presented in Section 4  , followed by some conclusions as well as an outlook on future work in Section 5. Moreover  , it can extract semantically relevant query translations to benefit CLIR. One of the benefits of our visual notation is encapsulation. It is about 10 times as fast as our CLIR system in the above experiments. In the task decomposition approach  5    , the Q-learning is closed inside each subtask. Given a learning request Q and a repository of learning objects {LO 1   , ..  , LO n }  , find a composition of LOs that covers the user's query as much as possible. Notice the difference between the scale of the top diagram and the scales of the other two diagrams. In our model  , we connect two components through a set of shared factors  , that is  , the latent factors in the second component for contents are tied to the factors in the first component for links. In such a case  , the objective function degenerates to the log-likelihood function of PLSA with no regularization. Clearly  , the elimination of function from the path length of high traffic interactions is a possible optimization strategy. It is no surprise that the speedup of PRIX over due to the use of a full index  , ToXinSca dups depe the query. We can see that the main difference between this equation and the previous one for basic PLSA is that we now pool the counts of terms in the expert review segment with those from the opinion sentences in C O   , which is essentially to allow the expert review to serve as some training data for the corresponding opinion topic. Note that  , although we reformulate queries only for pattern search  , the structural similarity search produces results that are comparable with the results of well-formulated pattern queries. Corpus based methods have also been investigated independent of dictionaries. Although they do not remember their starting point  , our model limits the number of transitions to keep them in the vicinity Recent advances in X-ray crystallography and NMR imaging have made it possible to elucidate the folded conformations of a rapidly increasing number of proteins  , However  , little is known today about the folding pathways that transform an extended string of amino acids into a compact and stable structure. However  , no results have been produced for mixed level arrays using these methods. We first note that even on a single server for a single game  , players generally interact with considerably more players than they have declared friendships with. The top performing topics from each of our sort merge and log merge experiments were used to investigate the effect of truncating the result sets before merging. However  , local search may also return other entity types including sights and " points-of-interest " . One can imagine  , for example  , that a query like " best physical training class at Almaden " will indeed return as the first hit a page describing the most popular physical training program offered to IBM Almaden employees  , because many people have annotated this page with the keyword " best " . Hence  , we use the entire input paragraph and compute a vector representation given a Doc2Vec model created on a Wikipedia corpus. For example  , if the question category is COUNTRY  , then a regular expression that contains a predefined list of country names is fetched  , and all RegExp rewriting is applied to matches. Sharp pixel proportion 4 1 Photographs that are out of focus are usually regarded as poor photographs  , and blurriness can be considered as one of the most important features for determining the quality of the photographs. Under the bag-of-words assumption  , the generative probability of word w in document d is obtained through a softmax function over the vocabulary: Each document vector is trained to predict the words it contains. As a component of a long term project minifactory'  5   which is focused on the development of modular robotic components and tools to support the rapid deployment and programming of high-precision assembly systems  , the work presented here targets the most  basic levels of a modular control and coordination architecture which is central to the larger project. Unlike current extraction approaches  , we show that this framework is highly amenable to query optimization . Finally  , we investigate whether Google Search personalizes results based on Web browsing history i.e. where p  , q  , and K are user-chosen parameters  , while φi and ρi ,j are parameters whose values are to be estimated using the training data. An extreme case is that hyperplanes ω 1 ,2 and ω 2 ,3 are almost perpendicular on the definition search data i.e. As part of the CLEF 2006 effort  , which shared the same set of topics as used in CLEF 2007  , the topics were categorised into a number of different categories  , including: easy/hard  , semantic/visual  , and geographic/general 5. The search consists of two phases  , where in the first phase m paths are planned in the joint subspaces using a local search method. When there exist no modeling errors  , i.e. Recently  , the authors of 5 showed how the time-honored method of optimizing database queries  , namely dynamic programming 14  , could be cxtcndcd to include both pipelining and parallelism. Our experiments with feature selections also demonstrate that near-optimal accuracy can be achieved with just four variables  , the inverse document frequency value of author's last name and the similarity between author's middle name  , their affiliations' tfidf similarity   , and the difference in publication years. In order to deal with configuration similarity under limited time  , Papadias et al. For simplicity  , we assume that the accessible test cases do not vary significantly between the testing strategies based on the all-DUs and all-edges criteria. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependence between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. For compound digital objects  , including text  , audio  , and video resources  , it is necessary to provide convenient random access to digital contents. For instance  , it is straightforward to show that as the number of trees increases asymptotically  , MLRF's predictions will converge to the expected value of the ensemble generated by randomly choosing all parameters and that the generalization error of MLRF is bounded above by a function of the correlation between trees and the average strength of the trees. Even the expressions above and in And as such these approaches offer excellent opportunities for query optimization. In this way  , we insure that undefined instances will not affect the calculation of the likelihood function. Typically  , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7  , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. It can be seen that above 0.15 mHz GPS information is transferred from position to the shaping state. , to reduce the probability of deadlock and sometimes even sacrifice data consistency to avoid performance problems. The weighted inputs are summed  , and then an output Y can be obtained by mapping of transfer function f . One of the advantages of latent variable methods such as ICA  , NMF and PLSA is that they give a parsimonious representation of the data. The latter idea of using best candidates of individual queries as the search space is valuable  , as we will discuss later. Answering these queries amounts to the task of graph pattern matching  , where subgraphs in the data graph matching the query pattern are returned as results. Exception raising is the notification of an exception occurrence. The implementation of the logic behind the alignments to be presented herein resulted into the BMEcat2GoodRelations tool. We should also note what happens when there are less than k optimal answers in the data set. We consider a meta-search framework where a broker search system forwards the query to component search systems that may include general purpose search engines as well as the APIs of Web 2.0 platforms  , like YouTube or Twitter. Finally  , during the retrieval time  , EuroVoc thesaurus is used to let the user visually extend the query and rerank the results in real-time. Then we run another three sets of experiments for MV-DNN. Kumar and Spafford 10 applied subsequence pattern matching to intrusion detection. To overcome the shortcomings of each optimization strategy in combination with certain query types  , also hybrid optimizers have been proposed ON+95  , MB+96. At profile level  , the two classifiers performed very similarly instead  , and their classifications were strongly correlated Pearson correlation coefficient of r = .73: each profile  , on average  , was considered to be positive/negative to a very similar extent by both classifiers. Fig.13shows the bode plot of the transfer function. The former plays a part in folding the fingers and the latter plays a part in stretching the fingers. Schema knowledge is used to rewrite a query into a more efficient one. Four experimental urban courses similar in difficulty were created from differently-sized boxes. In SPARQL 5 no operator for the transformation from RDF statements to SPARQL is defined. Doing so allows for powerful and general descriptions of interaction. The results also shows how our conservative local heuristic sharply reduces the overhead of optimization under varying distributions. As the length of a semantic path gets longer  , the relevance between the source and the destination decreases. We can use this fact to develop reasonable bounds for our estimate of . We argue that several issues are overlooked in the semantic embedding method 9. The work 6 describes other large-scale pattern matching examples. Then  , DBSCAN visits the next object of the database D. The retrieval of density-reachable objects is performed by successive region queries. The subject then performed a pattern-level search for the regular expression " blocking "   , which resulted in several sentences  , including the following: " if the underlying IPC mechanism does not support non-blocking  , the developer could use a separate thread to handle communication " . In the following  , we give some formulas in order to perform pattern matching between expressions and patterns. To measure the impact of this extension on query execution times we compare the results of executing our extended version of the BSBM with ARQ and with our tSPARQL query engine. For example  , our Space Physics application 14 requires the FFT Fast Fourier Transform to be applied on large vector windows and we use OS-Split and OS- Join to implement an FFT-specific stream partitioning strategy. The algebraic properties of AS allow us to quickly calculate the AS of an n-gram from the CAS encoded record. The CM-PMI measure consists of three steps: search results retrieval  , contextual label extraction and contextual label matching. To conclude with the above example  , suppose that we want to obtain the objects and not only the Definition attribute e.g. However  , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets and is different from the traditional method of using materialized views to answer queries. In the rest of this section we give an overview of how our approach automatically detects this vulnerability and generates the sanitization statement. In the latter case  , we computed the similarity between each search keyword and a given URL function inFuzzy. We formalize this as τi→j ∼ f x; θ = Θai  , where Θ denotes a mapping from the space of actions A to the space of parameters of the probability density function f x; θ. In addition to simple keyword searches  , Woogle supports similarity search for web services. Thus  , we " discretize " the error in steps of K for some suitable choice of K  , and apply the dynamic programming above for integral error metrics with appropriate rounding to the next multiple of R; the details are omitted. Note that figures 7 and 8 represent matching results of the sequences grouped into the same cluster. These feature values are then used by a ranking model calculated via Learning To Rank to provide an ordered list of vocabulary terms. The purpose of using such hard matching patterns in addition to soft matching patterns is to capture those well-formed definition sentences that are missed due to the imposed cut-off of ranking scores by soft pattern matching and centroid-based weighting. There are several reasons for wanting to restrict the design of a query tree. It does not offer immediate capability of navigating or searching XML data unless an extra index is built. However  , in ARC-programs what is more important is the means by which bindings are propagated in rules. There exist two general approaches: the hill-climbing approach based on the MDL score 16  , 23  , the prevalent  , more practical one which is used here  , and the constraint-based approach. The test cases to demonstrate cycles were generated for LLVM- 3.6 with Alive-generated code inserted into the InstCombine pass. The experimental setup included all components of the control system because we wanted to find the transfer function of the entire control system. First and foremost  , we have demonstrated the extension of our previous Q-learning work I31 to a significantly more complicated action space. Therefore  , a popular correction is to subtract ¯ Ru from each vector component 6  , 4  , 2. The self-organizing map and related models have been used in a number of occasions for the classification and representation of document collections. We argue that the above conclusion does not hold in general. , are provided by the Access Service itself. That is  , the user clicks that the search engine observes is not based on the topic-driven random surfer model; instead the user's clicks are heavily affected by the rankings of search results. the reduction in the number of cache misses is much larger because of the partitioning and the relative overhead of making the partition is correspondingly much smaller. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. , by tracking users on third-party Web sites. A 3-state Viterbi decoder is first used to find the most likely sequence of states given a stream. What differentiates S-PLSA from conventional PLSA is its use of a set of appraisal words 4 as the basis for feature representation. Each lesson lasts a few seconds  , so a complete learning session should last few minutes  , allowing the robot to quickly set-up each time the operative conditions change. According to the above discussion  , we summarize the parameters that correlate with arousal in Table 2  , where Pearson correlation was computed between parameter values and the perceived arousal scale. The query is input on the user's PC  , or basestation. With these feature functions  , we define the objective likelihood function as: Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. After developing the complete path algebra  , we can apply standard query optimization techniques from the area of database systems see e.g. In summary  , the check-in behavior at one time may be more similar to some time slots than others. In the last decade  , however  , with the growth in the number of Web users  , the need of facing the problem of the language barriers for exchanging information has notably increased and the need for CLIR systems in everyday life has become more and more clear the recent book by J.-Y. Most robotics related applications of game theory have focused on game theory's traditional strategy specific solution concepts 5. To support the application  , each document that matches a query has to be retrieved from a random location on a disk. This prevented us from effectively exploiting similarity based on topic distributions with some queries. Solving this exactly is only possible for very small test collections. Thus solving the graph search problem in The part µ/e has to be higher than 0 to avoid ∆ k to converge to 0 and has to be divided by the Euler's number e to make the median of the generated IED around the target median µ more details in the Appendix A. Despite its relatively short history  , eXist has already been successfully used in a number of commercial and non-commercial projects. An anchor element points out the location in a node's content which is source or destination of a link. For instance  , many techniques model control flow and omit data  , thus folding together program states which differ only in variable values. The resulting semantic kernels are combined with a standard vector space representation using a heuristic weighting scheme. The paper is organized as follows. In PT generation  , the initial state is constituted by the relations and predicates from the input query together with related schema information  , states are join nodes  , an action is an expand method and goal states are join nodes that correspond to complete PTs e.g. This binding is realized in the notion of In a query of type 1  , the text pattern can be specified in many different ways  , e.g. The search results appeared either below the search box  , or in a different tab depending on user's normal search preferences  , in the original search engine result format. In fact  , 25  , 27  validate the overfitting issue faced by random forest models when learning to classify high-dimensional noisy data. For a single query session  , the likelihood pC|α is computed by integrating out the Ri with uniform priors and the examination variables Ei. He concluded that cluster-based selection could not improve upon greedy ranking-based selection  , but a second approach that integrated relevance and redundancy into a single score in a way similar to mRmR 8 did so. Bitonic sort makes use of a key procedure called bitonic merge. First  , existing OWPC is developed for ranking problem with binary values  , i.e. Each pair of connected subtopic candidates is an integrated subtopic. However  , the discussion of optimization using a functional or text index is beyond the scope of this paper. The " defect " of a ranking y wrt the ideal ranking y q is encoded in a loss function 17 Approaches Back-tracking provides a simple recursive method of generating all possible solution vectors. In sum  , we have theoretically and empirically demonstrated the convergence of IMRank. The query can be formed either by indicating an example data point or by specifying the shape of interest explicitly. Note that runs may be of variable length because work space size may change between runs. Recommendation pages include various lists of books and recommendations with links. Building on the suffix array   , it also incorporates ideas embedded in the Burrows-Wheeler transform. The detected breakpoints are marked on the trajectory and are indeed located at the folding points  , segmenting the angular position signals at the peaks and valleys of the signals not shown. Recall from the previous example that the dynamic programming solution for region e  , 11 is not optimal because it is not capable of picking a combination of rows and columns i.e. However  , it has a few limitations  , such as the fact that it is based on a hill climbing search  , which seem to make it unsuitable for our domain. In CLIR  , using the query translation approach  , the semantic ambiguity of a query can degrade the performance of retrieval. This work was extended to assign features to each of the regions such as spatial features  , number of images  , sizes  , links  , form info  , etc that were then fed into a Support Vector Machine to assign an importance measurement to them. For In this example the developer does not have access to information from previous tasks or other developers   , so a new concern is created in ConcernMapper. Ranked retrieval test collections support insightful  , explainable  , repeatable and affordable evaluation of the degree to which search systems present results in best-first order.  Recognition of session boundary using temporal closeness and probabilistic similarity between queries. The task of question classification could be automatically accomplished using machine learning methods 91011. Future research includes collecting more interview data and developing a thesaurus of English terms used in CLIR to enhance traditional or monolingual controlled vocabularies. The probability of document d l generated by relevant class is defined as the multinomial distribution: , 21  focus on " deep " parsing of sentences and the production of logical representations of text in contrast with the lighter weight techniques used by KNOWITALL. The information and operations accessible through each role searcher  , provider  , indexer can be used to facilitate different types of breaches. This lack of relationship between sentiment and success may be a masking effect  , due to the correlation between positive sentiment and other variables like reciprocity Pearson correlation coefficient r = .08 and word length r = .10. Simulated annealing takes a fixed number R of rounds to explore the solution space. 2 The software necessary for these systems is quite simple. This category includes the Pearson-correlation based approach 4  , the vector similarity based approach 1  , and the extended generalized vector space model 3. , we write bias as a function of unbiased rating and unbiased rating as a function of bias. The effectiveness of this design strategy will be demonstrated on the task of ad hoc retrieval on six English and Chinese TREC test sets. First  , we have designed an ontology specific for personal photos from 10 ,000 active users in Flickr. Bindings link to a PatternParameter and a value through the :parameter and :bindingValue properties respectively. The first rule invokes a search for a possible open reading frame ORF  , that is  , a possible start and stop location for translation in a contig and for a similarity that is contained within. The TOMS can map between the two branches  , however  , and find which lines a sentence spansboth  , and gives the administrator an ID that must be used as a unique key to identify the document in all future interactions. The mentioned appraisal variables are then used by FAtiMA to generate Joy/Distress/Gloating/Resentment/Hope/Fear emotions  , according to OCC Theory of emotions18. For each substring  , the bounding boxes indicate the parts that match exactly with S 2 . Observe that the minimum staleness level achievable on the random data set is much higher than on the high-quality data set. One common approach  , known as "query translation ," is to translate each query term and then perform monolingnal retrieval in the language of the document 11. We sort the full set Of 6Qj F values and delete any duplicates. In both systems large aggregations  , which often include large sort operations are widespread . Then  , the number of failures experienced in 0 ,re will be a random variable. Columns show project  , model 1 -the full model in Equation 3 and 2 -the simplified model from Equation 4  , degrees of freedom  , log-Likelihood  , likelihood ratio  , and p-value for the test comparing the full and the simplified models. In this section  , we describe how to apply the structural function inlining to structurally recursive queries in XQuery. A boundary unction is any function F on the set of nodes in the tree having the following properties: 1 if X is a feasible complete solution  , then Obtaining a random sample from an uncooperative search engine is a non-trivial task. The spring-damper model is typically employed as a virtual wall and the transfer function from the velocity at the contact point to the command force is given by Here the appearance function g has to be based only on the image sequences returned from the tele-manipulation system. It is the latter capability that allows us to define aggregate functions simply. This method requires users to learn specific query language to input query " pattern " and also requires to predefine many patterns manually in advance. In the learning-to-rank approach  , we additionally have the following prefix-global features cf. We collected all the data in an SPARQL-capable RDF store and extrapolated some statistics to substantiate the potential of our approach. Moreover  , they consider nonrecursive functions only  , and even the XQuery core cannot optimize recursive functions 2  , 10  , 11 . The gold-standard value of R for the TREC 2012 collection is the estimate produced using the entire set of runs submitted to the Medical Records track. As we will show  , our method has better performance characteristics for retrieval and sketching under some common conditions. Keeping this in mind  , we briefly cite the well-known inductive definition of the set of regular expressions EXP T over an alphabet T and their associated languages: Now we are ready for motivating our choice to capture the semantics of ODX by regular grammars. This results in decreased precision. Even though precomputation can improve the efficiency of our system as we discussed earlier  , we expect MT-based CLIR would still be faster due to a sparser term-document matrix. The best fit between the number of trees and the learning time is given by the function T ime = #T rees · 0.22 1.65 with an adjusted R 2 coecient of 0.96. De Raedt et al. Suppose that  , while Ihc sort is executing the preliminary step the step with the solid arrows in Figure 2b  , the available memory increases to 1 I pages apain. All runs are compared to pLSA. On the other hand  , our pattern matching approach is more suitable for determining supporting documents and is therefore the preferable approach for answer projection. While the BSBM benchmark is considered as a standard way of evaluating RDB2RDF approaches  , given the fact that it is very comprehensive  , we were also interested in analysing real-world queries from projects that we had access to  , and where there were issues with respect to the performance of the SPARQL to SQL query rewriting approach. search. Standalone localization means that each robot estimates its position using its exteroceptive sensors data collected from the fixed beacons located in the evolution area. This gives us the opportunity to compare what yields better learning to rank performance: training on the 2011 relevance assessments  , or training on automatically generated ground truth ? In our work we make use of this property by deeming two words to be lexical paraphrases if the cosine similarity between their word embeddings is sufficiently high. In terms of Pearson correlation  , the improvement over the baseline is even larger  , as the stages learned by the baseline are negatively correlated with the true stages. Integrating all the factors together  , we obtain the following log-likelihood objective function: We adopt the influences learned in the previous stage as the input factors  , and learn the weighting parameters. The results of our optimization experiments are shown in Tables 2 and 3. We represent the query subject probability as P sb S and introduce it as the forth component to the parsing optimization. Then  , generation of a word in this model is defined as follows: Another objective of this research is to discover whether reducing the imbalance in the training data would improve the predictive performance for the 8 modeling methods we have evaluated. This work can be characterized as demonstrating the utility of learning explicit models to allow mental simulation while learning 2. Tables present structural data and relational information in a two-dimensional format and in a condensed fashion. The transfer function for first setup controller is: The sensitivity weighting function is assigned to be  Two controllers were designed using p -synthesis toolbox of Matlab. The penalty term has a factor 1 + r e   , where r e is the ratio of documents that belong to event e. If the ratio r e for a specific event is high  , it will receive a stronger penalty in the size of its spatial and temporal deviations   , causing these variances to be restricted. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query to be generated from a document 16. After receiving N search results from high ranking  , Similarity Analyzer calculates the similarity  , defined in 2.4  , between the seed-text and search result Web pages. Computing the dK-2 distributions is also a factor  , but rarely contributes more than 1 hour to the total fitting time. Since these types of actuators are activated by uniform external energy sources  , a sheet containing these actuators does not require an internal control system. Yet  , selecting data which most likely results in zero loss  , thus zero gradients  , simply slows down the optimization convergence. The objects are sorted in ascending order of estimated preferences  , and highly ranked objects are recommended . Hence users may not be able to see all the photographs actually belonging to that cluster. Moreover  , game theory focuses on conceptualizations for strategic interaction. As the folding angle approaches 180    , the density reaches its maximum value and the magnetic field increases for a given current. After making a relevance judgment a NASA TLX questionnaire would be displayed. To apply this metric  , we converted the user interest model into a vector representation with all weighted interest elements in the model. The controlled system's transfer function under perturbation becomes: If a relevant video was located on the first page or so of search results  , then it was selected for viewing; otherwise  , another search was entered. On the other hand  , BaySail is able to provide full distributional information  , which avoids these problems. Each internal node has q children  , and each child is associated with a discriminating function: Second  , calculation of the control action aCL is typically extremely fast compared to calculating or approximating an entire action-value function Q*. Most of the pattern-matching tools 10  , 14  , 13  , 9 require users to specify the buggy templates. To perform a matching operation with respect to a contiguous word phrase  , two approaches are possible. According to 19  , there is a benefit to laying out photos based on visual similarity  , although that study dealt with visual similarity instead of similar contents. Right-hand truncation of search terms is also enabled by default. where the optimization of ǫ and σ can be effectively solved via a gradient-based optimizer. For example   , " Sequence<item+> " would refer to a list of one-or-more items. The goal of grammarguided genetic programming is to solve the closure problem 7. Eventually robot has a single color TV camera and does not know the locationis  , the sizes and the weights of the ball and the other agent  , any camera parameters such as focal length and tilt angle  , or kinematics/dynamics of itself . To simplify the problem   , we model each axis of a machine tool as a simple second-order transfer function. Structural similarity: The similarity of two expressions is defined as a function of their structures and the symbols they share. All 24 out of 24 QALD-4 queries  , with all there syntactic variations  , were correctly fitted in NQS  , giving a high sensitivity to structural variation. In this work  , we propose a deep learning approach with a SAE model for mining advisor-advisee relationships. The link between a question and the production of the KDB component may be seen as a relation more than a function since the output may be multiple. For each relation in a query  , we record one possible transmission between the relation and the site of every other relation in the query  , and an additional transmission to the query site. Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. The k-n-match problem models the similarity search as matching between the query object and the data objects in n dimensions  , where these n dimensions are determined dynamically to make the query object and the data objects in the answer set match best. The transfer function depends on the geometry given by the diameter function of the part. For each position p  , we model the " normal " amount of attention a review at this rank gets using the parameter zp. Representation is necessary since the company running the web site wishes to pick a subset of ads such that a certain objective function e.g. Then  , the intensity p 0 was estimated from the retweet sequence of interest by using the fitting procedure developed in section 3.3. We assign scores to each entity extracted  , and rank entities according to their scores. Previous work in person name disambiguation can be generally be categorized as either supervised or unsupervised approaches. Kacimi and Gamper propose a different opinion diversification framework for controversial queries 17  , 18 : three criteria are considered for diversification: topical relevance  , semantic diversification  , and sentiment diversification. Their industrial applications were rarely observed in the literature. When evaluating answers for each question type  , we determine whether changing " or " or " and " retrieves any sentences  , and allow this most restrictive screen if it returns any sentences. If MyDatabase is a class inheriting from Database and has its method execute overriding Database.execute  , then q is a proxy external interaction of MyDatabase.execute. a The transformation step :. Also remember that the training period is 2011-2012 while the rest two seasons are both for testing. The primary difference between these methods and our proposed approach is that we do not require the search to expand the generated subgoal  , or a random successor in the case of R*. This highlights the need to find a better similarity measure based on the semantic similarity rather than just textual overlap. This is aimed at averting too long loops that would happen with simple greedy selection. Our proposed approach uses a low latency multi-scale voxelization strategy that is capable of accurately estimating the shape and pose parameters of relevant objects in a scene. 3. Topicqi = ⟨P C1|qi  , P C2|qi  , · · ·   , P Cn|qi⟩  , where P Ci|q is the probability that q belongs to Ci. MXQuery does not have a cost-based query optimizer . CyCLaDEs aims at discovering and connecting dynamically LDF clients according to their behaviors. The discrepancy of 6.5-6.1 = .4 articles/search is made up of articles which NewsTroll did not judge to be related  , i.e. According to different independence assumptions  , we implement two variants of DRM. However  , in order to find a paper with a search engine the researcher has to know or guess appropriate search keywords. These models utilize the bilingual compositional vector model biCVM of 9 to train a retrieval system based on a bilingual autoencoder. Furthermore  , the orthogonality in the reduced k-dimensional basis for the column or row space of A depending on inserting terms or documents is corrupted causing deteriorating effects on the new representation. However. The interaural transfer function ITF ˆ I is defined by the ratio between the left-and right-HRTF: The HRTFs are mainly determined by the shape of the head  , pinna and torso of the listener  , e.g  , the robot-mounted dummy-head in our case. , 2   , applied simulated annealing to construct an image from known sets of shapes in the presence of noise. Model-free RL approaches  , such as Q-Learning 6 and policy gradient descent 7  , are capable of improving robot performance without explicitly modeling the world. Using an exponential distribution to accomplish a blending of time and language model Eq. How to measure the similarity of events or road condition ? The documents contain different sections  , with their corresponding headings. This table shows that after feature selection  , the proposed method is about three times faster than the sate-of-the-art random forest method  , and achieves greater accuracy. 2015. 9 have developed an OR-parallel formulat.ion of F:PP based on random competition parallel search ll. Underactuated robots have been a recent topic of interest l-71. The results obtained using the remaining methods are presented in Table 2. The TREC-2001 CLIR track focussed this year on searching Arabic documents using English  , French or Arabic queries. We have investigated user search behavior in a complex multisession search task  , with a search system that provides various types of input components. The control problem can be problem of getting stuck in a local optimum which other Proceedings of the 17th International Conference on Very Large Data Bases hill climbing problems are faced with. By comparing their performance distributions  , merge sort is the better choice in this context. For the purposes of CLIR  , it seems clear that the appropriate basis for constructing a similarity function is the differential effect on retrieval if both terms were considered to represent the same concept. However  , it has a weakness in that it requires two distance computations at every node during a search and is limited to a branching factor of two. As noise is canceled   , the KM-imputed data has slightly lower complexity than the unseen original. Knowing the common structural motifs in a set of coregulated RNA sequences will help us better understand the regulation mechanism. We have tested three greedy search strategies: This shows that both the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the language modeling approach to retrieval are special cases of the risk minimization framework. If c&h corresponds to the actual costs for evaluating the operations of the first set and costj is a close lower bound of the future costs  , A* search guarantees to find an optimal QEP efficiently. The first is Best- First search  , which prioritizes links in the frontier based on the similarity between the query and the page where the link was found. In the area of Semantic Query Optimization  , starting with King King81  , researchers have proposed various ways to use integrity constraints for optimization.  Standard compiler optimization techniques  , in this case dead-code removal Section 9. The performance of the stacked model does not come without cost  , however. To demonstrate how an application can add new facts to the YAGO ontology  , we conducted an experiment with the knowledge extraction system Leila 25 . Participants were given ten minutes to complete an instructional planning task; one task was used for each of three search tools: Google.com; NSDL Keyword Search  , and NSDL Science Literacy Maps. This view is a demonstration of relational search 8  , where the idea is not to search for objects but associative relation chains between objects. Mitosis is essential because  , after some training  , there can be nodes that try to single-handedly model two distinctly different clusters. The input to this pre-condition computation will be a DFA that accepts the attack strings characterized by the regular expression given above. Compute the search direction. Berry and Fierro 2 therefore proposed a technique of 'folding-in' by slightly warping the space around the new data  , which can be done relatively efficiently. The test collections are the TREC5 Chinese track  , the TREC9 cross-lingual track and the TREC5 Spanish track Voorhees and Harman  , 1997; Voorhees and Harman  , 2000. For many applications  , however  , trajectories are updated continuously . The rest of this paper is organized as following  , first we review major approaches in recommendation systems including papers that focus on the cold start problem in Section 2; in Section 3  , we describe the data sets we work with and detail the type of features we use to model the user and the items in each domain  , respectively. Therefore  , we can conclude that 2500 examples are sufficient to leverage the proposed semantic similarity measure. We repeated published experiments on a well-known dataset. Composition operators can be seen as deening regular expressions on a set of sequence diagrams  , that will be called references expressions for SDs. This user interface can be extended to implement more elaborate search commands. , we do not consider conditions on other attributes. The second is that no imputation method is best for all cases. For example  , SEIR still can achieve a Pearson correlation around 0.6 while the lead time is 20 weeks. We searched for English labels and synonyms of the FMA in Wikipedia. The pairwise similarity matrix wui  , uj  between users is typically computed offline. The best regular expression in the candidate set C is now the deterministic one that minimizes both model and data encoding cost. The result is produced by performing an in-memory duplicate elimination on each of the derived buckets. An interesting thing is that the distance metric defined by EMR we name it manifold distance is very different with traditional metrics e.g. It is the same engine that was used for previous TREC participations e.g. The magnitude of A obtained from experiments is shown in Fig. Of the pipelined methods  , the nested loops join method outperformed the sort-merge method for this example. In such a way  , knowledge of RR contained in the skill could be extended to the arbitrary path that belongs to the learning domain. As stated above  , local sequential features extracted by HRM is not capable enough to model relations among apart baskets  , while a recurrent operation of a deep RNN architecture can capture global sequential features from all baskets of a user. Both Kwok's method and MDF were found to achieve retrieval effectiveness values similar to that obtained with Pirkola's structured query method  , so Kwok's method seems to be a good basis from which to build probabilistic structured query methods. To characterize the fold angle as a function of the actuator geometry  , we built eight self-folding strips with gaps on the inner layer in the range of 0.25mm–2mm  , and baked them at 170  C. Each strip has three actuators with the identical gap dimensions. It First the summary function of the call node must be computed from the regular expression for the arc language of the called prime program . Our extraction patterns are based on both the general POS tags and the strict keyword matching. result page  , but depending on the scenario more powerful languages may be needed that take the DOM tree structure of the HTML or even the layout of the rendered page into account. Further  , they propose the use of simulated annealing to attempt to solve the reconfiguration problem. The experimentally determined transfer function is 6. The selected edges represent discontinuities in color and lie inside of a planar surface to avoid errors caused by edges at the boundary between two surfaces. However   , there are two difficulties in calculating stochastic gradient descents. , to edit them. Figure 1' which are acquired through repeated exposures t o the particular sounds of interest. In the second phase  , we trained the DNN model on the training set by using tensorflow 8   , the deep learning library from Google. It is computationally infeasible to generate the similarity graph S for the billions of images that are indexed by commercial search engines. As can be seen from these two tables  , our LRSRI approach outperforms other imputation methods  , especially for the case that both drive factors and effort labels are incomplete. Further more  , we define a certain number of unigram language models to capture the extra topics which are the complement to the original paper's abstract. There is a task identifier 'ki' for known-item search  , and 'ex' for expert search  , no identifier for discussion search  , as these were the first runs submitted. We will compare our technique to standard similarity search on the inverted index in terms of quality  , storage  , and search efficiency. Apers and is optimal  , given the existing query strategies. Enriching these benchmarks with real world fulltext content and fulltext queries is very much in our favor. A typical CNN has one or more convolutional/max pooling layer pairs followed by one or more fully connected layers  , and finally a softmax layer. Recall that  , as Section 2 defined  , in entity search  , a query q specifies a context operator α  , which suggests how the desired tuple instances may appear in Web pages. the binary independent retrieval BIR model 15 and some state-of-the-art language models proposed for IR in the literature. The matching degree is calculated in two parts. As indicated in lo  , using the minimum force objective function  , the force setpoinl  , solutions for all supporting legs show major discontinuitien whenever the leg phase alternates between support and transfer. Consider personalization of web pages based on user profiles. As regards the learning component  , the extensive studies have been made. By fitting a model to the generated time-series the AR coefficients were estimated. For each of the three representative types of the structurally recursive query  , we present the current approach of the XQuery core  , new approaches that exploit the structural function inlining  , and some discus- sion. Support vector machine is a model of binary classifier 6. The heuristic makes this approach more efficient than a purely random search. We distributed GOV2 across four leaf search engines and used an aggregate engine to combine search results. sources on sort-merge join "   , and this metalink instance is deemed to have the importance sideway value of 0.8. sources on query optimization is viewing  , learning  , etc. 7 If we consider all changes it ranges from 1.2% Robotics Control and Automation to 7.8% Computational Biology . extracted from parallel sentences in French and English  , the performance of CLIR is improved. We showed that by using a generic approach to generate SPARQL queries out of predicate-argument structures  , HAWK is able to achieve up to 0.68 F-measure on the QALD-4 benchmark. Many researchers including Caiani et al. The aim of the classical element and frequency response experiments is to let the shdents comprehend the concepts in control theory. The re-ranking function is able to promote one question related to RAW files  , which is not included in the candidate question set retrieved by query likelihood model. Intuitively  , the search performance depends on the quality of the alignment. using a dynamic programming approach. This reduces the number of input runs for subsequent merge steps  , thereby making them less vulnerable to memory fluctuations. The term discrimination model has been criticised because it does not exhibit well substantiated theoretical properties. Variable importance is a measurement of how much influence an attribute has on the prediction accuracy. Edit distance. We maintained a data store of basic regular expression formats  , suitable substitution types  , an allowable answer type  , and a generic question format for the particular rela- tion. A search engine for semi-structured graph data providing keyword and structural search using NEXI-like expressions. These That is  , our hierarchical histogram is constructed by applying our recursive function until it reaches the level l. In our experiments  , l = 3 gave us good results. This also allows additional heuristics to be developed such as terminating CGLS early when working with a crude starting guess like 0  , and allowing the following line search step to yield a point where the index set jw is small. If a function approximator is used to learn the policy  , value  , or Q function inadequate exploration may lead to interference during learning  , so correct portions of the policy are actually degraded during learning. In contrast  , the proposed approach in this paper leverages the exponential character of the probabilistic quadtree to dramatically reduce the state space  , which also benefits the Fig. We begin by observing that only actions on targeted dimensions affect the optimization problem in any state  , thus the utility values in two states with the same number of A1 actions and A2 actions are the same. edge in the APT. The number of product models in the BSH was 1376 with an average count of 29 properties  ,  while the Weidmüller BMEcat consisted of 32585 product models with 47 properties on average created by our converter. Operation LaMa is the basis for interpreting regular expressions of descriptors. Our objective is to take advantage of this property for the task of query rewriting  , and to learn query representations in a lowdimensional space where semantically similar queries would be close. For example  , if the query is " night "   , relevant pictograms are first selected using the highest semantic relevance value in each pictogram  , and once candidate pictograms are selected  , the pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category  , which in this case is the TIME category. To enable this some training is typically needed. It has already been shown that the Hamming distance between different documents will asymptotically approach their Euclidean distance in the original feature space with the increase of the hashing bits. , 5  , 2 and concurrent work on this topic 6. Similarity search in metric spaces focuses on supporting queries  , whose purpose is to retrieve objects which are similar to a query point  , when a metric distance function dist measures the objects dissimilarity. The conventional approach to query optimization is to examine each query in isolation and select the execution plan with the minimal cost based on some predcfincd cost flmction of I0 and CPU requirements to execute the query S&79. For the teams applying RaPiD7 systematically the reward is  , however  , significant. Recall is the proportion of relevant material actually retrieved in answers to a query; and precision is the proportion of retrieved material that is actually relevant. by human experts may not be consistent with actual queries used by users  , which may affect the search quality for the search engine. FarGo attempts to reconcile these seemingly conflicting goals. It is evident that natural language texts are highly noisy and redundant as training data for statistical classification  , and that applying a complete mathematical model to such noisy and redundant data often results in over-fitting and wasteful computation in LLSF. These can be used to explore optimal search strategies given a search interface. Furthermore  , the OASIS search technique employs a best-first A* search strategy as it descends the suffix tree. Had the transformation to be carried out on the XML transfer syntax  , many of those component properties would need to be collected cumbersomely. The information contained in a single character in the CAS encoding includes information about all preceeding characters in the string. The correct translations are available since NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 CLIR tasks provide both English and Chinese topics at the same time. We train the embeddings of the words in comments using skip-bigram model 10  with window size of 10 using hierarchical softmax training. Given that the Meet space is unlikely to be convex  , there is no guarantee that this greedy hill climbing approach will find a global optimum  , but  , as we will show  , it tends to reliably find good solutions for our particular problem. To the best of our knowledge  , the problem of discovering accurate link specifications has only been addressed in very recent literature by a small number of approaches: The SILK framework 14  now implements a batch learning approach to discovery link specifications based on genetic programming which is similar to the approach presented in 6. This indicates that the information about curvature is contained in the data  , however the model used to estimate curvature is not quite correct. Second  , po boils down to " pattern matching  , " which is a major function of today's page-based search engine. The given text fragment is first represented as a vector of words weighted also by TFIDF. The support state of a walking machine is a binary row vector  , whose com onents are the support states of its individual legs 4f There are in all 26 or 64 possible support states for a six-legged machine. However  , construction of OPTIMAL using dynamic programming for 100  , 000 intervals proved to be unacceptably slow on our computing platform. Our new approach focuses on the data  , the term-document matrix X  , ignoring query-speciic information at present. Researchers using genetic data frequently are interested in finding similar sequences. Thus  , eachjoint can he driven independently with two degrees of freedom. The TREC topics are real queries  , selected by editors from a search engine log. According to the age division standard released by the United Nations we make age into 12 categories. While providing entitybased indexing of web archives is crucial  , we do not address the indexing issue in this work  , but instead extend the WayBack Machine API in order to retrieve archived content. Many solution approaches have been employed to solve this problem with reasonable computational effort. sort-merge for implementing the join instead of always using tuple substitution. Yet  , so far  , none of these approaches has made use of the correlation between the unlabeled data items while computing the set of most informative items. Second  , we have looked at only one measure of predictive performance in our empirical and theoretical work  , and the choice of evaluation criterion is necessarily linked to what we might mean by predictability. For RL3 anchor log was used to reform current query  , search it in indri  , then calculate the similarity between current query and documents. Some of them suppose a particular geometry planar or with three intersecting axes  , others a fixed kinematic joint type or general mobilities  or even no constraints in the optimization no obstacle avoidance for instance. To determine relevant sources we first need to identify the region in data space that contains all possible triples matching the pattern. The capability t o guarantee that a point in the workspace is reachable in any orientation despite joint limits is unique t o this work. For the Jaccard function  , the LSH scheme that we use is the min-hash 12  , 8  function  , which are designed originally for binary vectors. Based on our experiments  , we find that our system enables broad crosslingual support for a wide variety of location search queries  , with results that compare well with the best monolingual location search providers. The second one is PLSA based methods. Generally  , these regular expressions are interpreted exactly as in other semistructured query languages  , and the usual regular expression operations +  , *  ,  ? Representative examples include the Probabilistic Indexing model that studies how likely a query term is assigned to a relevant document 17  , the RSJ model that derives a scoring function on the basis of the log-ratio of probability of relevance 20  , to name just a few. The key to using simulated annealing to compute something useful is to get the energy mini- mization function to correspond to some important relationship  , for example  , the closeness of For the purposes of this paper we will give exampIes from the medium-sized AI tools knowledge base. Anti-Semijoin For an anti-semijoin El I ? As evaluation A keyword query can be submitted to a search engine through many applications communicating with the search engine. If we extend inside-out pulling to inside-out grasping  , we have to take into account one extra degree of freedom of the device: the width of the gripper. 3  , we show how a combination of text-search followed by visual-search achieves this goal. In this work  , we use a similar idea as word embedding to initialize the embedding of user and item feature vectors via additional training data. To achieve over 0.9 recall  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 while achieving similar time efficiencies. While CueFlik allows users to quickly find relevant search results and reuse rules for future searches it does not allow users to organise search results or to maintain old search results and carry out new searches  , unlike ViGOR. Ambitious optimizers for sequential machines perform numerous transformations that involve deletion  , simplification  , and reordering of the generated code in an attempt to decrease the program's running time and space requirements. In 10 the content of pages is considered in order to propagate relevance scores only over the subset of links pointing to pages on a specific topic. Different from the traditional PLSA 9  , S-PLSA focuses on sentiments rather than topics. For pro-active search  , the user can explicitly specify a depth search criterion  , like the name of a known author  , a topic of interest or a temporal range. The structural framework of simulated need situa- tions 6 were used to present search tasks. , code length  , respectively  , such that mp and mq may be different. Further experiments with larger datasets and more realistic queries are required to evaluate the practical implications of this theoretical advantage. The GoodRelations vocabulary further refines the categorization made by OWL by discerning qualitative and quantitative object properties. We simply evaluate all bipartitions made up of consecutive vertices on the ordering n ,d. As we only compute a bipartitioning  , we do not need to resort to dynamic programming as for k-way partitioning. That is  , first  , the open loop transfer function G , ,Note that the travel  , traverse  , and hoist motions of the crane can be independently controlled using the position servo controller 15. For the example mentioned above  , our code produces the regular expression fs.\.*\.impl. For instance  , the top 20 retrieved documents have a mean relevance value of 4.2 upon 5  , versus 2.7 in the keyword search. An age-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for the identification of de-identified age groups mentioned in visits. For each user engagement proxy  , we trained a random forest RF classifier using the feature set described in Section 4.2. This problem is generic to any method attempting to solve this problem and is not a reflection of the proposed system. With flexible GP operators and structural motif representations  , our new method is able to identify general RNA secondary motifs. The batch  Q  size is set to be 20.  ,\ = 0.5 and 3 = 1. Therefore  , the likelihood function takes on the values zero and -~-only. Boolean operators and uncertainty operators have to be evaluated in a different way from the evaluation of semantic operators. RDMA measures the deviation of agreement from other users on a set of target items  , combined with the inverse rating frequency for these items. Takeda  , Facchinetti and Latombe 1994 13 introduce sensory uncertainty fields SUF. Similar attempts   , using the sum of absolute differences  , were also reported in the early stages of research on this topic. Figure 5.1 shows that there was a big difference in accuracy between interest-based initial hub selection and random initial hub selection. At the end of this phase  , the logical database subset has been produced. Conventional applications of GA- Fuzzy suggest a random initial popultion. But combining these sources would presumably improve effectiveness of CTIR  , much as evidence combination has aided CLIR 25. Since a given table The Dienst protocol provides two functions for querying a collection: Simple Search and Fielded Search. The ζµi; yi is the log-likelihood function for the model being estimated. A widely used method for traffic speed prediction is the autoregressive integrated moving average ARIMA model 1. When a radius is defined  , as in DBSCAN  , or some related parameter   , a particular view is being set that has an equivalence to viewing a density plot with a microscope or telescope at a certain magnification. 10 can expressed by In particular  , if sl is equal to one  , then this equation becomes the following transfer function: The transfer function of the model in eq. The initial interface layout was based on proposed scenarios 2. " A significant scalability challenge for symbolic execution is how to handle the exponential number of paths in the code. The efforts are based on heuristic fitting the system model in order to obtain the required properties of the model to be used 27- 311. We conjecture that the decrease in performance when changing to a within-project setting is caused by the low ratio of defects i.e. This is a problem when the new data have to be added quickly. Each log likelihood function relies on one set of parameters. We introduce the recent work on applications of deep learning to IR tasks. We call this tree the LSH Tree. Like the generic relationship  , aggregation does not have a userdefined counterpart because the user must define aggregation in the syntax. The left side shows one of the random split experiments from Table 6with a Pearson correlation of >0.6. For example  , the performance with K = 30 is worse than the that with K = 20. We discuss alternatives here  , which primarily vary in the extent to which they take advantage of the large distributed group and sort operations built into the MapReduce execution framework. In this subsection  , rather than focusing on finding the single best parameter values  , we explore the parameter space and present multiple examples of graphs obtained with varying parameter values. However  , it can still be used in open-loop control and other closed-loop control strategies. Calculating the average per-word held-out likelihood   , predictive perplexity measures how the model fits with new documents; lower predictive perplexity means better fit. In practice  , it is very hard to come up with a function T with the previous property. 8 As explained before  , our intention is to assess data set quality instead of SPARQL syntax. Obviously  , by defining a specific optimization goal  , we get different instantiations of the framework  , which correspond to different problem statements. The vector lt is used to additively modify the memory contents. We have thus demonstrated how the Kolmogorov- Smirnov Test may be used in identifying the proportion of features which are significantly different within two data samples. We can observe that all translation types native  , C  , SQE  , SJE  , SQE+SJE have similar performance in most of BSBM queries  , ranging from 0.67 to 2.60 when normalized  ing to the native SQL queries. We use word embeddings of size 50 — same as for the previous task. By projecting images into S  , cross-media relevance can be computed. Lee 9   , using a rule learning program   , generated rules that predict the current system call based on a window of previous system calls. LSA Landauer and Dumais  , 1997  , Hyper Analog to Language Lund and Burgess  , 1996 and Random Indexing Kanerva et al. This is done by computing the Pearson correlation Equation 1 between the active user and all other users in R and ranking them highest to lowest according to that correlation. The type of the tax is set to TurnoverTax  , since all taxes in BMEcat are by definition turnover taxes. The parameter is determined using the following likelihood function: The center corresponds to the location where the word appears most frequently. The interleaving of random and symbolic techniques is the crucial insight that distinguishes hybrid concolic testing from a na¨ıvena¨ıve approach that simply runs random and concolic tests in parallel on a program. , ∀ nodes x  , y ∈ G and for any predicate p  , either px  , y or ¬px  , y holds in G. In particular  , all nodes in a maximal OTSP sets are totally ordered using a topological sort. If a call graph contains no cycles  , it is guaranteed that all functions in the call graph will be annotated. For example   , ;a somewhat more thorough version of the optimizer might repeat the original three phases a second time. Using a support vector machine with normalized quadratic kernel and an all-pairs method  , this yields an accuracy of 67.9%. We have used the Google N-grams collection 6   , taking the frequency of words from the English One Million collection of Google books from years 1999 to 2009. Now  , recursively build both branches  , This method is an improvement in that it is symmetric and the tree struc-ture still tends to be well balanced assuming sufficiently random selection of the two points. Entity annotation systems  , datasets and configurations like experiment type  , matching or measure are implemented as controller interfaces easily pluggable to the core controller. On the other hand  , the test set has only 25 queries and the difference between our system and the combined MT run is very small. Therefore  , the positional error can be clearly evaluated wherever the end of the arm is located in the workspace. This ensures that there is no simple pattern  , such as the query always precisely matching the title of the page in question. It was shown that the perfomance of simulated annealing using the metric developed in this paper performs better than with another cost function which seeks to maximize the number of overlapping modules. Searches use token adjacency indexes to find sequences of tokens a phrase search instead of just a word search. Term frequency was developed by their domain experts in order to establish the relevance of different MetaMap semantic types and articles that displayed high frequency of relevant terms were ranked higher among articles that had lower frequencies. As long as the batch is sampled in an unbiased fashion  , this procedure can be applied to provide an accurate estimate of the error rate for a given set of documents. To accelerate learning rate  , model-based methods construct empirical models which are not known in advance  , and  , use statistical techniques and dynamic programming to estimate the utility of taking actions in states of the world. A standard way of deriving a confidence is to compute the second derivative of the log likelihood function at the MAP solution. It has been shown that the ability to execute this volume of queries allows the error rates of evaluation measures to be examined 2. For example  , in 12  , syntactic dependency was exploited for resolving word sense ambiguity. We empirically choose the number of latent variables k = 100. Sequential prediction methods use the output of classifiers trained with previous  , overlapping subsequences of items  , assuming some predictive value from adjacent cases  , as in language modeling. A standard approach to optimize search and query in the vocabulary is to maintain a tree-based data structure 17– 19. The Google search engine employs a ranking scheme based on a random walk model defined by a single state variable. On the other hand  , at low frequencies in particular at DC  , since the operator can follow the hand controller motion comfortably  , he can always establish almost constant contact forces between his hand and the hand controller. In this paper  , we present a novel distributed keyword-based search technique over RDF data that builds the best k results in the first k generated answers. Given the obvious constraints  , a trade-off had to be made between getting a broad representative sample of search tasks and what was feasible. This means in practice that a person uses approximately a day to finalize the work. But they cannot combine data streams with evolving knowledge  , and they cannot perform reasoning tasks over streaming data. Section 3 describes the architecture of our definition generation system  , including details of our application of PRF to automatically label the training data for soft pattern generalization. Paradoxically  , technical terms and names are not generally found in electronic translation dictionaries utilised by MT and CLIR systems. The result is empty  , if negatively matched statements are known to be negative. 4are positive  , the poles of the conjugate eye movement transfer function are always negative  , and the conjugate eye movement is always stable. In addition to implementation simplicity  , viewing PIVOT as GROUP BY also yields many interesting optimizations that already apply to GROUP BY. q Optimized Set Reduction OSR  , which is based on both statistics and machine learning principles Qui86. The PDFs analyzed were a random sample from our SciPlore.org database  , a scientific web based search engine. The dataset comprises a set of approximately one million queries selected uniformly at random from the search sessions. In the past  , several researchers have addressed the problem of registering two images obtained from different viewpoints. And 30 times reproduction is carried out. It is not suitable to use pattern matching method to recognize the micro injector because of the low efficiency and poor accuracy. contiguous and non-contiguous combinations of words are generated and ranked in the descending order of their length. First we collected a When the probabilistic annotation model is used  , each word image in the testing set is annotated with every term in the annotation vocabulary and a corresponding probability. Simulated annealing SA is implemented to optimize the global score S in Equation 1. In our first attempt we did a plain full text keyword search for labels and synonyms and created one mapping for the best match if there was one. In this approach a probability matrix that defines the likelihood of jumping from one point to another is used to generate a random walk. , interactive mining  , but its efficiency for incremental mining where the database is changed frequently is unclear. This joint likelihood function is defined as: 3 is replaced by a joint class distribution for both the labeled samples and the unlabeled samples with high confidence scores. Next  , we show how this atomic formula can be expressed in SRPQs. For TREC-7 and TDT-2 we had been using PRISE  , but our interest in trying out Pirkola's technique for CLIR led to our choice of Inquery for CLIR TREC-8. Many-to-Many transforms help to tackle higher-order schematic heterogeneities 18 where information is stored partly in data values  , and partly in the schema  , as shown in Figure 8. The uncertainty in the localization is estimated in terms of both the variance of the estimated positions and the probability that a qualitative failure has occurred. The play is divided into acts in such a way that each act has a fixed set of actors participating objects fitting conveniently on the scene scenario diagram. The results show that dialect similarity can also affect retrieval performance. Figure 12shows the experimental system used for velocity response experiment. The effectiveness of the search behavior has an underlying dependence on the quality of the roadmap used by the agents. This can is typically very large 7. In fact  , the motion resolution of the AFAM is expected to be below 10nm  , which corresponds to the reported resolution of thermal MEMS devices. Let R be the set of points in the query result. Ideally  , a similarity search system should be able to achieve high-quality search with high speed  , while using a small amount of space. Topics sustainable tourism and interpolation 1411 and 4882 do not benefit from semantic matching due to a semantic gap: interpolation is associated with the polynomial kind while the relevance assessments focus on stochastic methods. If the keywords have a large semantic gap semantic similarity<0.05  , we determine that the doorway page utilizes traffic spam techniques. A major function of the web access module is search. In this case  , as the second approach  , we should define a more generic structurally recursive function. , overfitting and can hardly generalize to unseen documents. For this pattern  , dbo:City is more likely to be a domain than dbo:Scientist  , and so for the range. The broad architecture of the solution is shown in Figure 4. We simply take their common prefixes as patterns since different parameters are usually at the end of URLs. More specifically  , referring to Figure 5  , we would like to design a controller to trade-off minimizing the norm of the transfer function from reference input Y d to the tracking error e tracking performance  , the transfer function from the disturbance d to the output y disturbance attenuation  , the transfer function from T to q robust stability   , and the transfer function from reference input Y d ~ . Section 4 of this paper proposes an alternate transfer function which has a well-defined relative degree even as the number of modes approaches infinity. In the following  , we investigate three different  , theoretically motivated methods for predicting retrieval quality i.e. Nagelkerke pseudo R 2 was 0.35  , which hints that the model explains about 35 % of the variation in interest scores. Each single user  , and each community of users  , can dynamically activate its own/shared working space. In information retrieval domain  , systems are founded on three basic ones models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model which were derived within many variations extended Boolean models  , models based on fuzzy sets theory  , generalized vector space model ,. To improve performance   , we automatically thin out our disambiguation graph by removing 25 % of those edges  , whose source and target entities have the lowest semantic similarity. The search of a meaningful representation of the time series   , and the search of an appropriate similarity measure for comparing time series. This model belongs to the " learning to rank " category 8 which learns the preference or relevance function by assigning a real valued score to a feature vector describing a query  , object pair. In each round a random successor of the current solution is looked at. the force response was directly superimposed upon the reference position trajectory. The control law that implements the deiired impedance of the master arm can be obtained by solving for the acceleration in and substituting it into the master arm dynamics. This is done by interpreting the regular expression as an expression over an algebra of functions. , the user's curiousness on item i given its sd  , denoted by cur i u = pdfusd  , where pdf is the probability density function of Cu. Most search systems used in recent years have been relational database systems. There are roughly three categories of approaches: volume-based approaches  , feature-based approaches  , and interactive approaches. More concretely  , our contributions are:  We propose a mechanism for expiring cache entries based on a time-to-live value and a mechanism for maintaining the cache content fresh by issuing refresh queries to back-end search clusters  , depending on availability of idle cycles in those clusters. Both start with a zero recall search " helicopter volitation spare parts cheap " . Subsequently  , Colde and Graefe 8 proposed a new query optimization model which constructs dynamic plans at compile-time and delays some of the query optimization until run-time. On the other hand  , it assigns surprisingly low probability of " windy " to Texas. This ready-to-use solution comes as a portable command line tool that converts product master data from BMEcat XML files into their corresponding OWL representation using GoodRelations. Whereas query engines for in-memory models are native and  , thus  , require native optimization techniques  , for triple stores with RDBMS back-end  , SPARQL queries are translated into SQL queries which are optimized by the RDBMS. Mimic 15 aims to synthesize models that perform the same computations as opaque or obfuscated Javascript code. A plus  " + "  indicates that the corresponding factor can be set multiple for each product. Even for simple temporal queries  , this approach results in long XQuery programs. The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. The service activation and execution function report costs only when the execution site referred in the grounding parameter of the functions is the current execution site. In the three semantic relevance approaches 4  , 5  , and 6  , a cutoff value of 0.5 was used. The grammar for a simple subset of RML is shown in Figure 2. Conceptually  , HERALD represents a delta as a collection of pairs Ri  , R ,  , specifying the proposed inserts and deletes for each relation variable R in the program. Therefore  , in order to construct the model based pressure distribution image  , it is much easier to use the hollow model than the solid model. However  , it is worth mentioning that the proposed method is generally applicable to any probabilistic retrieval model. These components interact  , respectively  , with the MT services and with the domain-specific ontology deployed on the CLIR system. The query in Example 1.1 defines a view which logically partitions the database into three regions  , as in Figure 3 . In ROBE81 a similar retrieval model  , the 80 251 called two-poisson-independence TPI model is described. To copy otherwise  , or republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. We also evaluated the response time for similarity name search  , illustrated in Figure 11. cannot degrade retrieval effectiveness to a given rank K – and use docid sorted posting lists  , as deployed by at least one major search engine 12. We show that our approach improves retrieval performance compared to vector space-based and generative language models  , mainly due to its ability to perform semantic matching 34. PLSA did a poor job with the smaller yeast data  , whereas PLSA results with human data are quite interesting. Figure 2: Query to find cities connected by sequences of flights with at most two airlines. This explains why nodes with regular tags that represent multiple coalesced nodes of the original path tree need to retain both the total frequency and the number of nodes they represent. Their work only examined a single language pair English to Spanish  , and relied on the Collins's English-Spanish electronic dictionary. This approach recognizes the interdependencies between the data allocation and query optimization problems  , and the characteristics of local optimum solutions. As the solution space gets larger for complex queries  , the search strategy that investigates alternative solutions is critical for the optimization cost. We conclude with a discussion of open problems and future work. For each configuration in our dataset we computed the values of absolute online and o✏ine metrics. Advantages of these schemes include the ability to segment non convex shapes  , identify noise  , and automatically estimate the number of partitions in a data set. Regular path expression queries RPE that contain " # " and " * " need to be expanded to SPE queries first  , then translated into SQL statements. Our focus on constant prints allows us to perform exhaustive search for repairs  , ensuring both completeness and minimality. We consider a dynamic caching setup  , as earlier works show that for reasonably large caches  , dynamic caching approaches outperform the static counterparts 9. Once participants completed the practice task  , those with a task time limit were shown the instructions in Figure 1before being presented with their first search task. Tassa et al. On the other hand  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. For example  , Figure 1shows an example query plan for a path query in which some constraints involve standard graph pattern matching. The closed loop transfer function governing the system's response in the NS mode is: The system's response is 2nd order. These valid ranges can be propagated through the entire query as described in SLR94. , our onset signatures into multiple parts  , and obtains a histogram of time series gradients corresponding to each of them. These common data types are used across different domains and only require one-time static setup– e.g. Parameters for the random walk models were optimized via conjugate gradient with line search. The vector consists of sensor data. Member function B is virtual in P and since it is redefined in M  , it is virtual-redefined in R. Member function C is redefined in R since its implementation is changed by M and overrides member function C from P. Finally  , data members i and j in P arc inherited but hidden in R  , which means they cannot be aeeessed by member function defined in the modifier. This approach is yet a batch learning approach and it consequently suffers of drawbacks of all batch learning approaches as it requires a very large number of human annotations to learn link specifications of a quality comparable to that of EAGLE. We also assume that the host extracts tuples from the communication messages and returns them to the application program. One might wonder whether we can use the Arabic monolingual thesaurus to improve CLIR. For more information on this approach see 7  , 6  , and 22. The comparison between raw-data objects is done in a pixel-by-pixel fashion. In this setting  , the information content of a pair s  , t is usually inverse to its distance from the boundary of C t . Our pattern matching approach interprets a question by creating a concise representation of the question string that preserves the semantics. Stochastic gradient descent SGD methods iteratively update the parameters of a model with gradients computed by small batches of b examples. The sensor model for stationary objects can then be expressed as the dual function of the sensor model for moving objects  , which can be written as On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. If the outer query already uses GROUP-BY then the above optimization can not be applied. This dynamic programming gives O|s| 2  running time solution. Figure 1 shows a truncated example page of Google Search results for the query " coughs. " This march towards dynamic web content has improved the web's utility and the experience of web users  , but it has also led to more complexity in programming web applications. This is an encouraging result that shows the approach based on a probabilistic model may perform very well. The high level goal of this paper is to enhance the theory of designing virtual incentive systems by introducing and studying an alternative utility model. , not likely to yield an optimal plan. It remains future work to investigate whether and when re-optimization of a query should take place. Considering the Random Forest based approaches we vary the number of trees ranging from 10 to 1000. So far It has only been possible to identifY approximate intermediate confoTI11ations for few proteins. We are focusing on driving frequencies significantly less than the servo valve bandwidth. Answering this question is not easy in practice  , because we cannot prevent users from using search engines in order to observe the popularity evolution when search engines do not exist. Machine learning systems treat the SBD task as a classification problem  , using features such as word spelling  , capitalization  , sumx  , word class  , etc. Consequently  , databases are slowly morphing into a unified search/query system. The values for Pearson correlation are listed in a similar table in the appendix Table 5. If two words are semantically similar  , the cosine similarity – as per Equation 3 – of their word vectors is higher. Thus  , by the Passivity theorem  , a P D controller can provide very good vibration control. Our impiemcntation of paging works as follows: The external sort keeps a copy of the current tuple of each input run in its private work space  , where the tuples are merged. Can we quantitatively prove that NetPLSA extracts better communities than PLSA ? To build a machine learning based quality predictor  , we need training samples. At test time  , the random forest will produce T class distributions per pixel x. The straightforward approach of listing all such possible strings grows factorially. The extent to which the information in the old memory cell is discarded is controlled by ft  , while it controls the extent to which new information is stored in the current memory cell  , and ot is the output based on the memory cell ct. LSTM is explicitly designed for learning long-term dependencies   , and therefore we choose LSTM after the convolution layer to learn dependencies in the sequence of extracted features . continents in the world "   , " products of medimmune   , inc. " ;  INEX-LD: this query set covers different types of queries – named entity queries  , type queries  , relation queries  , and attribute queries e.g. " CAD e.g. In a study comparing reading digital documents on a tablet with reading a paper  , the authors point out " lightweight navigation " features present in paper that are missing in their tablet interface. It is generally agreed that the probabilistic approach provides a sound theoretical basis for the development of information retrieval systems. We need to investigate why longer Ad-Hoc queries in our system do not yield good retrieval effectiveness results. This search task simulates the information re-finding search intent. Section 3 addresses the concept and importance of transductive inference  , together with the review of a well-known transductive support vector machine provided by T. Joachims. Such incremental modifications of software systems are often referred to collectively as software evolution. To tackle these problems  , we propose a complete system  , based on a number of well-established technologies  , allowing ontology engineers to deploy their ontologies  , providing the necessary infrastructures to support their exploitation  , and ontology users in reusing available knowledge  , providing essential  , community-based functionalities to facilitate the search  , selection and exploitation of the available ontologies. By introducing this join and adjusting the optimization level for the the DB2 query optimizer  , we could generate the correct plans. In this representation   , even though  , the GA might come up with two fit individuals with two competing conventions  , the genetic operators such aa crossover  , will not yield fitter individuals. 12 See http://code.google.com/apis/ajaxsearch/local.html  , last re- 4. Unlike lookup search  , where a discrete set of results achieves a welldefined objective  , exploratory search can involve unfamiliar subject areas and uncertainty regarding search goals. The second group events e2 and e5 is related with the detection of maneuver optimization events. The Decomposition Theorem immediately gives rise to the Dynamic Programming approach 17 to compute personalized Page-Rank that performs iterations for k = 1  , 2  , . This step is like dividing the problem of learning one single ranking model for all training queries into a set of sub-problems of learning the ranking model for each ranking-sensitive query topic. A new parameter estimate is then computed by minimizing the objective function given the current values of T s = is the negative log likelihood function to be minimized. I use WebScope Yahoo! Because of such functions  , the type of a structurally recursive query tends to be typed imprecisely. It is intriguing that the LINE2nd outperforms the state-of-the-art word embedding model trained on the original corpus. Recommendations to person p are made using: Pm|p ∝ Pp  , m. in  While our use case has been motivated by statistical data  , a lot of Linked Data sources share this data model structure  , since many of them are derived from relational databases. The problem of finding global density parameters has also been observed by Ankerst et al. This behavior indicates that selective search is more stable at the top of the ranking. Our solution incorporates such constraints  , and provides a practical scheme to predict instantaneous motions. '#N BigCC' is the number of the nodes in the biggest connected component of the roadmap  , '#edges' is the total number of edges  , and '#N path' is the number of roadmap nodes in the final folding path. A new approach for a mobile robot to explore and navigate in an indoor environment that combines local control via cost associated to cells in the travel space with a global exploration strategy using a dynamic programming technique has been described. The search engine can be activated in different modes applying three different search types  , namely  , Automatic Query Expansion auto  , Interactive Query Expansion semi  , and a regular search without query expansion none. This overhead is unnecessary and expensive for individuals wishing to get an overall understanding of user opinion. Each keyword search has a unique search ID. We executed ten runs of each LUBM query and in the diagrams report both the average and geometric mean over the fastest runs. Answers question page in the SERPs  , 81% of the searchers who turned to More likely in SearchAsk queries Words to  , a  , be  , i  , how  , do  , my  , can  , what  , on  , in  , the  , for  , have  , get  , with  , you  , if  , yahoo  , it First words how  , what  , can  , be  , why  , i  , do  , my  , where  , yahoo  , if  , when  , 0000  , a  , will  , 00  , best  , who  , which  , should Content words yahoo  , 00  , use  , 0  , work  , song  , old  , help  , make  , need  , like  , change  , year  , good  , long  , mail  , answer  , email  , want  , know More likely in SearchOnly queries Words facebook  , youtube  , google  , lyric  , craigslist  , free  , online  , new  , bank  , game  , map  , ebay  , county  , porn  , tube  , coupon  , recipe  , home  , city  , park First words facebook  , youtube  , google  , craigslist  , ebay  , the  , you  , gmail  , casey  , walmart  , amazon  , *rnrd  , justin  , facebook .com  , mapquest  , netflix  , face  , fb  , selena  , home Content words facebook  , youtube  , google  , craigslist  , lyric  , free  , bank  , map  , ebay  , online  , county  , porn  , tube  , coupon  , recipe  , anthony  , weather  , login  , park  , ca Therefore  , users in SearchAsk sessions are about twice as likely as in SearchOnly sessions to click on a Yahoo! More sophisticated cost functions  , be it for graph search methods or for dynamic programming can be used . It is important to note that the dynamic programming equation 2 is highly parallelizable. In this paper  , we considered the problem of similarity search in a large sequence databases with edit distance as the similarity measure. On the other hand  , it is apparent that to fully benefit from RaPiD7 training is required  , too. Clearly  , we want to enumerate every pair once and only once. In addition  , with increasing interoperability across system boundaries  , a significant fraction of the workload may become inherently unpredictable  , and DMP settings that are based on the local load alone will be meaningless. In the current state of knowledge   , the single-vehicle dial-a-ride problems can rarely be achieved to optimization when the number of tasks is more than 40. The Pearson correlation coefficient between the width and the depth of a tree is 0.60  , which suggests that the largest trees are also the deepest ones. Figure 4shows the number of results returned by the two approaches for the 316 queries. However  , the initial state is not meaningful and does not affect the result Laarhoven ans Aarts  , 19871. However  , current search engines do not support the table search. To this purpose we have proposed randomized procedures based on genetic programming or simulated annealing 8  , 9. In more complex cases  , methods of machine learning can be deployed to infer entity annotation rules. Formally  , we denote the goodness function based on MDLP as GF MDLP . This chaining method passes label information between classifiers  , allowing CC to take into account label correlations and thus overcoming the label independence problem. An autoencoder can also have hidden layer whose size is greater than the size of input layer. 3.2 is initially set up with a path length based semantic similarity measure of concepts. Our approach to CLIR takes advantage of machine translation MT to prepare a source-language query for use in a target-language retrieval task. We focus on static query optimization  , i.e. We are the first to model sentiments in blogs as the joint outcome of some hidden factors  , answering the call for a model that can handle the complex nature of sentiments. 2 is minimized. This allows for real-time reward learning in many situations  , as is shown in Section IV . Missing components or sequences in a model compared to an otherwise matching pattern are classed as " incomplete " . No mention was made of pay conditions  , ad conditions or random assignment  , and a search on turkernation .com  , a discussion forum for Mechanical Turk workers  , found no mention of either experiment. Furthermore  , we evaluate the reliability of our models  , since AUC can be too optimistic if the model is overfit to the dataset. This discrepancy with SemSearch ES illustrates the significance of bigram matches for named entity queries. Suppose we have the variational distribution: Therefore  , we carry out variational EM. Comparative evaluation of PMI and CHI or IG in CLIR was not reported before. Among many variants of language models proposed  , the most popular and fundamental one is the query-generation language model 21  , 13  , which leads to the query-likelihood scoring method for ranking documents.   , n |Q|−|X obs | } indicating on which dimensions the data elements are lost; 2. imputing the assigned dimensions according to the imputation strategy ϕ. . It determines the most appropriate action at all states according to an evaluation function. 5 Obviously  , δ 2 Q obs   , X obs  is a real value for given X rv   , while δ 2 Q mis   , X mis  is a random variable depending on the imputation method. Table 1summarizes the results. However  , semantic similarity neither implies nor is implied by structural similarity. 17  and object-oriented approaches e.g. Following common practice 2   , prediction quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the true average precision AP@1000 for the queries  , as determined using the relevance judgments in the qrels files  , and the values assigned to these queries by a predictor. We sort the two input sequences based on their join values  , merge them and then sort the output based on the node id of the first sequence. The whole system consists of three major compo­ nents  , namely texture feature extractor  , texture clas­ sifier and boundary detector. The 2-inertia system in F i g 5 can be expressed with an equivalent block diagram in Fig.6: Transfer function description of Fig.5where In fact  , he showed that every class of regular expressions that contains all non-empty finite languages and at least one infinite language is not learnable in the limit from positive data. To maximize with respect to each variational parameter  , we take derivatives with respect to it and set it to zero. To the best of our knowledge  , our paper presents the very first application of all three n-gram based topic models on Gigabyte collections  , and a novel way to integrate n-gram based topic models into the language modeling framework for information retrieval tasks. The results show that this new " translation " method is more effective than the traditional query translation method. RQ6 a. The techniques discussed in this paper can be used for dramatically improving the search quality as well as search efficiency. The DTW distance between two sequences is the sum of distances of their corresponding elements. One of the important properties of the database centric probabilistic retrieval formulation is that  , due to the simplicity of the retrieval model  , it enables the implementation of sophisticated parameter optimization procedures. Let us mathematically formulate the problem of multi-objective optimization in database retrieval and then consider typical sample applications for information systems: Multi-objective Retrieval: Given a database between price  , efficiency and quality of certain products have to be assessed  Personal preferences of users requesting a Web service for a complex task have to be evaluated to select most appropriate services Also in the field of databases and query optimization such optimization problems often occur like in 22 for the choice of query plans given different execution costs and latencies or in 19 for choosing data sources with optimized information quality. Previous methods summarized above can only be used to select one element in the sequence which can not be labeled without context information. The zero dynamics arising from the suggested measurement were shown to be stable. The testing procedures for correlated rs and partial rs are discussed in Hotelling 1940 and The Pearson product moment correlation was used to measure the relations among the SRDs  , since they are all measured continuously. In typical document search  , it is also commonly used– e.g. As an enhanced version of the self-encrypting virus  , a polymorphic virus was designed to avoid any fixed pattern. Therefore  , a static optimizer should reverse the triple patterns. By doing this  , we search for a unified set of latent factors that best explains both content and link structures simultaneously and seamlessly. Quick search consists of a search box with a drop down menu suggesting a keyword with information about its type like author when keying in search terms. However  , Google's work mainly aims to help developers locate relevant code according to the text similarity. Given the vertex We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. Thus although we anticipate that our qualitative results will prove robust to our specific modeling assumptions  , the relationship between model complexity and best-case predictive performance remains an interesting open question. In addition  , under the two different diffusion models  , IMRank shows similar improvements on influence spread from the relative improvement angle. In the learning phase of the proposed methodology  , the QA corpora is used to train two topic models Sect. Optimizing a query into a single plan may result in a substantially sub-optimal plan if the actual values are different from those assumed at optimization time GW89. This generalized vocabulary covers a common abstraction of the data models we consider to be of general interest for the QA community. For example  , a pattern of a 'term' type is a set of unigrams that make up a phrase  , such as {support  , vector  , machine} or 'support vector machine' for simpler notation. For this  , we measured the performance on large BSBM and LUBM data sets while varying the number of nodes used. It is desirable to use the simplest friction model in order to avoid computational complexity. The means bj of the ad groups in a campaign k are themselves drawn from a normal distribution with mean b k   , and the campaign means are normal with mean b h : Further we conducted the same experiment with two slices removed at a time. The summary graph of Experiment 1 Figure 6 shows that as stifmess of virtual walls increases  , performance of the size identification task improves. This approach makes the hest use of the occurrence of the common suffix in transactions  , thereby constructing a more compact tree structure than F'P-tree. , results produced by C-Search and syntactic search are the same. Similarly  , there may not be one pattern with the highest nested-level in the pattern tree. In Figure 7random-surfer model  , it took less than 25 time units for the page to obtain popularity one  , but in Figure 10search-dominant model  , it took 1650 time units! This equation  , however  , does not take into account the similarity of interpretation words. Each of the three bits per word performs a specific function. We can see that subsets having larger coverage are searched first in this case. This is regarded as a baseline in this study since current search engines show this source alone in search results. Thus  , we utilize LSH to increase such probability. On the other side  , BMEcat does not explicitly discriminate types of features  , so features FEA- TURE  typically consist of FNAME  , FVALUE and  , optionally  , an FUNIT element. Additionally  , it only depends on the training meta-data and not on the currently evaluated data set. A string path definition spd is a regular expression possibly containing some variables variable Y indicated by \varY  which appear in some concept predicate of the corresponding rule. a X position b Z position utilized Our work falls in the class of sequential indexing. This principle will be applied decoupling the functional properties from the non functional properties matching. Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. We expect that as more approximate predicates become available  , normalized costs will drop. In modern query optimizer architectures FV94  , FG94  , different components are driven by different search strategies; thus  , it would be useful to have a special combination of strategies for optimizing path expressions . Based on the plaintext collection  , our ARRANGER engine  , a Genetic Programming GP based ranking function discovery system  , is used to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for the topic distillation task. Even the proximity of one search string found within a specified number of words to another search string increases the probability of correlation between the search strings. Such representations can guide knowledge transfer from the source to the target domain. 2 We propose hierarchical measures using intent hierarchies   , including Layer-Aware measures  , N-rec  , LD♯-measures  , LAD♯-measures  , and HD♯-measures. In particular  , we use a technique for approximate similarity search when data are represented in generic metric spaces. Some optimization techniques were designed  , but not all of them were implemented . Approximate-match based dictionary lookup was studied under the context of string similarity search in application scenarios such as data cleaning and entity extraction e.g. preliminary merge step. As a result  , large SPARQL queries often execute with a suboptimal plan  , to much performance detriment. The approach matches each test page with the learnt template  , segment the web page into set of sections  , and assigns importance to each section  , using template learning  , and page level spatial and content features. A method for planning informative surveys in marine environments is detailed in 8. This section introduces the optimization methodology on Riemannian manifolds. Perplexity  , which is widely used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood lower numbers are better. Random pictures can be renewed on demand by the user. However   , the biggest difference to most methods in the second category is that Pete does not assume any panicular dishhution for the data or the error function. Tanaka 1986 6 proposed the first macroscopic constitutive model. Trajectory tracking immediately follows from the properties of Fs23: These conditions are easily checked  , but the exponential number of partitions m must be fairly large to allow decryption renders ex- haustive search impossible. used six electrodes mounted on target muscles and a support vector machine was employed as a classifier 2. The uncertain plant is described as the second-order transfer function To test the effectiveness of using appraisal words as the feature set  , we experimentally compare ARSA with a model that uses the classic bag-of-words method for feature selection   , where the feature vectors are computed using the relative frequencies of all the words appearing in the blog entries. Ballesteros 3 researched a transitive scheme and techniques to overcome word ambiguity. The latter problem is typically solved using learning to rank techniques. , " brazil world cup " . A comment with each of the public attributes indicates its t~  , all other inherited attributes are recursive. However  , the user of a CLIR system may be bilingual to some extent. In this paper  , we are interested not in the standard imputation problem but a variant that can be used in the context of query rewriting. They are ultimately interested in learning the parameters controlling the model  , as well as the uncertainty associated with an incomplete raw dataset. " , information must occur within three words of collect. Because of the first point  , the rarity of electronic sources for translation  , investigators may be drawn to use the resources most readily available to them  , rather than those best suited for bilingual retrieval. The controller transfer function is redimensionalized by essentially scaling t ,he zeros and poles of the nondimensional controller. If there are still mul­ tiple connected components in the roadmap after this stage other techniques will be applied to try to connect different connected components see 2 for details. To identify the usefulness of these WE-based metrics  , we conducted a large-scale pairwise user study to gauge human preferences. Figure 2suggests that we do not have such a " large enough " database. This is effectively an optimization problem  , not unlike the query optimization problem in relational databases. However  , with such collocated measurements  , the vibrations of the system are not controlled well enough. The topics to generate terms are local topics   , which are derived from global topics. If the modeled concept is a generic concept such as ComponentType in Fig. The majority of the approaches proposed so far for estimating the relevance of a given ad to a given content  , and thus indirectly CTR  , are based on the co-occurrence of words or phrases within ads and pages 13  , 16  , 20 or on a combination of semantic and syntactic factors 4. For the Google and NSDL General Search interfaces  , participants' online behaviors were defined as search whenever the search interface screen was displayed; in these interfaces  , search mainly consisted of keyword generation and submission. These queries had at most 3 required search terms and at most 3 optional search terms. 2 The semantic similarity-based weighting Sim is the best weighting strategy. Density-based techniques like DBSCAN 4  , OPTICS 2 consider the density around each point to demarcate boundaries and identify the core cluster points. Research in the area of cross-language information retrieval CLIR has focused mainly on methods for translating queries. To prevent over-fitting  , we add an l1 regularization term to each log likelihood function. To our knowledge  , this is the first systematic comparison of those models on the task of English to Chinese CLIR on gold test sets. The Cranfield paradigm of retrieval evaluation is based on a test collection consisting of three components: a set of documents  , a set of information need statements called topics  , and a set of relevance judgments. Therefore  , the true bandwidth of the system will depend on the servo valve characteristics. The third interaction module that we implemented is a rhythmic phrase-matching improvisation module. Basically  , SPARQL rests on the notion of graph pattern matching. We consider a special class of nonserial manufacturing system shown in figure 2. search system works. In order to get a better perspective of how well the Human Interest Model performs for different types of topics  , we manually divided the TREC 2005 topics into four broad categories of PER- SON  , ORGANIZATION  , THING and EVENT as listed in Table  3 . In principle  , the optimal plan generated by parametric query optimization may be different. To make this plausible we have formulated hash-based similarity search as a set covering problem. With the mapping probabilities estimated as described above  , the probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S can use these as weights for combining the scores from each field PQLw|fj into a document score  , as follows: Also  , PM Fj denotes the prior probability of field Fj mapped into any query term before observing collection statistics. Query-biased similarity aims to find similar documents given the context of the user's search and avoid extraneous topics. In fact  , the performance of regularization with click logs is still decent ; testing for significance of the difference between run G C and run pLSA has a p-value of 0.077 for ERR-IA@20 and 0.059 for α-nDCG@20. p-value of 0.1 for ERR-IA@20 and 0.054 for α-nDCG@20  , the highest absolute score is achieved across all settings on this set. In our experiments  , we used two versions of queries  , short only titles and long all the three fields. Several new operations are needed to manipulate labels with properties. In this paper  , we introduce the novel problem of question recommendation in Question Answering communities. The strategy of the pattern-matching can be ruled by an action planner able to dynamically define partial goals to reach. This is in contrast to the very large body of work in experimental game theory; see  , e.g. This research has been co-financed by the European Union European Social Fund ESF and Greek national funds through the Operational Program " Education and Lifelong Learning " of the National Strategic Reference Framework NSRF -Research Funding Program: Heracleitus II. In this paper  , we described the design  , the modeling and the experimental results of our prototype of an endoscope based on the use of metal bellows. Research on technical preservation issues is focused on two dominant strategies  , namely migration and emulation. Tradeoff: It identifies and presents results that characterize a tradeoff between the size and sophistication of the search space and the ability of the patch generation system to identify correct patches. A. Lacerda et al. As one composes large-grain operators and operands together into longer expressions  , each subexpression implies not only some atomic computations e.g. The above query is the query example from the introduction. First is a random snippet from the list of possible snippets for the document.