The novel contributions of this work are 5-fold: 1 We describe a game-based approach to collecting document relevance assessments in both theory and design. In this experiment  , the robot motion obtained by the simulation is implemented. Surprisingly  , our simple rule based heuristic performed better than a support vector machine. often turns out to be sub-optimal because of significant changes that occur in the external sort's memory allocation during the preliminary merge steps. words are mapped to their base forms thus completely solving the problem with the generation of plural forms. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. This indicates that a significant portion of the queries in these categories is often ranked similarly by frequency. While tbe power of this model yields strong retrieval effectiveness  , the structured queries supported by the model present a challenge when considering optimization techniques. Streemer on the other hand first finds candidate clusters and then only merges them if the resulting cluster is highly cohesive. Unsupervised topic modeling has been an area of active research since the PLSA method was proposed in 17 as a probabilistic variant of the LSA method 9  , the approach widely used in information retrieval to perform dimensionality reduction of documents. Oyama and Tanaka 11 proposed a topic-structure-based search technique for Web similarity searching. Input vectors composed of range-to-obstacle indicators' readouts and direction-to-goal indicator readouts are partitioned into one of predefined perceptual situation classes. In addition to the user and previous queries  , the model can also include result URLs  , individual query terms or phrases  , or important relatedness indicators like the temporal delay between queries 3. In a classic search engine  , the users enter their search terms and then request the system to search for matching results.  Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. In this paper  , we propose to use CLQS as an alternative to query translation  , and test its effectiveness in CLIR tasks. We will discuss the results in Section 6.5. Heuristic search aspires to solve this problem efficiently by utilizing background knowledge encoded in a heuristic function. We have extensively tested all of these in extracting links in scholarly works. In the literature " approximate string matching " also refers to the problem of finding a pattern string approximately in a text. In this way  , at each point the node being inserted will become the rightmost leaf node in T after insertion. For this reason   , the model LFSs are placed in the LFS list of the model database in descending order of the area of the surface to which they correspond. This is a variant of pc-SIM and consists of three steps: A2.1: Impute similarities between all papers  , recording them into an intermediate imputed paper-citation matrix Figure 3. Later in 2  , polynomial semantic indexing PSI is performed by learning two low-rank mapping matrices in a learning to rank framework  , and then a polynomial model is considered to measure the relevance between query and document. During query execution the engine determines trust values with the simple  , provenance-based trust function introduced before. Compared to the global re-optimization of query plans  , our inspection approach can be regarded as a complementary   , local optimization technique inside the hash join operator. This situation does not take the sentiment information into account. For forward selection  , the generation of candidate alternatives to a current model relies on the addition of edges  , because graphical models are completely defined by their edges or two-factor terms. The localization method that we use constructs a likelihood function in the space of possible robot positions. Those models are based on the Harris Harris  , 1968 distributional hypothesis  , which states that words that appear in similar context have similar meanings. The basic idea is that there is uncertainty in the prediction of the ranking lists of images based on current visual distances of retrieved images to the query image. Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist  , too. Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. In addition  , a variant of the LSTMonly model which adds the user static input as the input in the beginning of the model is also evaluated. This generic representation  , is a list of regular expressions  , where each regular expression represents the links in a page the crawler has to follow to reach the target pages. The magnitude of A obtained from experiments is shown in Fig. We argue that these variations can be captured by successfully matching training resources to target corpora. Genetic Programming GP 14 is a Machine Learning ML technique that helps finding good answers to a given problem where the search space is very large and when there is more than one objective to be accomplished. 2 Based on NIST-created TREC data  , we conduct a large-scale comparative evaluation to determine the merit of the proposed method over state-of-the-art relevance assessment crowdsourcing paradigms. In order to verify that the optimization results do indeed yield a gear box mechanism that produces in-phase flapping that is maintained even during asymmetric wing motion  , a kinematic evaluation was conducted by computational simulation and verified by experiment. For each query reformulation pair  , we calculated the change of search performance measured by nDCG@10 and the similarity of results measured by the Jaccard similarity for the pair of queries' top 10 results. The mapped functions embed as much type information as possible into their function bodies from the given query. But they cannot combine data streams with evolving knowledge  , and they cannot perform reasoning tasks over streaming data. The coefficients co and cl are estimated through the maximization of a likelihood function L  , built in the usual fashion   , i.e. According to the precedent theory the matrix inp&-output relation is given by y = Hu  , where H is the transfer function matrix. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. First the parameter space was coarsely gridded with logarithmic spacing. Support Vector Machine is trained to produce initial group suggestion as the baseline. However  , users require sufficient knowledge to select substructures to characterize the desired molecules for substring search  , so similarity search27  , 29  , 23  , 21 is desired by users to bypass the substructure selection. The transfer function represents a ratio of output to input. The objects are sorted in ascending order of estimated preferences  , and highly ranked objects are recommended . If  , for example  , an ADT has a domain definition represented by the regular expression "name sex birthdate"  , then the ADT is a generalization of person because "name sex birthdate" is a subexpression of the expression "name sex birthdate address age deathdate which is a commutated expression of the domain-defining regular expression for person. The KS test is slightly more powerful than the Mann-Whitney's U test in the sense that it cares only about the relative distribution of the data and the result does not change due to transformations applied to the data. Section 3 discusses methods for evaluating the alignments and section 4 shows the application of alignments in a CLIR system. We have inferred that the distribution is heavy-tailed  , namely a Pareto with parameter α ≈ 2. distribution of transfer size: Figure 1shows the complementary cumulative distribution function of the sizes of transfers from the blogosphere server. The uneven surface of the vermiculite does not lend itself to primitive fitting without a severe reduction in surface location accuracy. The searching trajectory can be designed intentionally to ease detection of such features. Finally  , the predictors proposed in this work outperform those in the literature  , within this particular context. As with any program synthesis technique which fundamentally involve search over exponential spaces  , the cost of our technique is also worst case exponential in the size of the DSL. In our method  , we do the latter  , using already induced word embedding features in order to improve our system accuracy. Users rely on search engines not only to return pages related to their search query  , but also to separate the good from the bad  , and order results so that the best pages are suggested first. This is appropriate in our case because we want the most predictive tree while still modeling cannibalization. once the shortcomings mentioned in Section 6.2 are addressed  , we will evaluate our approach on a larger scale  , for example using the data provided by the second instalment of the QALD open challenge  , which comprises 100 training and 100 test questions on DBpedia  , and a similar amount of questions on MusicBrainz . The goal of learning-to-rank is to find a scoring function f x that can minimize the loss function defined as: Let P Q denote the probability of observing query Q  , based on the underlying distribution of queries in the universe Q of all possible queries that users can issue together with all possible result combinations. As our time and human resources were limited for taking two tasks simultaneously  , in this task we only concentrate on testing our ranking function discovery technique  , ARRANGER Automatic Rendering of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming Fan 2003a  , Fan 2003b  , which uses Genetic Programming GP to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for various information needs. User search interests can be captured for improving ranking or personalization of search systems 30  , 34  , 36 . However  , the relatively poor performance of the translation component of our test CLIR system was not a major concern to us  , as it remained a constant throughout our experiments. Netflix Ratings: Within the Netflix dataset  , the results were not nearly as simple. We have thus demonstrated how the Kolmogorov- Smirnov Test may be used in identifying the proportion of features which are significantly different within two data samples. The first run for list-questions selected the twelve best matching answers  , whereas the second and third run used our answer cardinality method Section 2.3  , to select the N-best answers. The total evolution time is about 6 hours on a SUN/SPARC5 workstation. During these experiments  , transient changes were present  , in the form of people moving past the robot as it constructed these evidence grids. Instead of determining the correct grid cell and returning the latitude/longitude of the cell's center  , a text-based twostep approach is proposed in 23: first  , the most likely area is found by a language modeling approach and within the found cell  , the best match images are determined by a similarity search. From there  , Safe Browsing shows a browser interstitial and emails WHOIS admins  , while both Safe Browsing and Search Quality flag URLs in Google Search with a warning message . Another objective of this research is to discover whether reducing the imbalance in the training data would improve the predictive performance for the 8 modeling methods we have evaluated. There have been many studies on this problem. Since the transfer function matrix in Eq. query terms rather than document terma because they were investigating probabilistic retrieval Model 2 of Robertson et.al. In this section  , we introduce our method in learning topic models from training data collections. Probabilistic facts model extensional knowledge. Section 2 of the paper gives an overview of the I4 Intelligent Interpretation of Isokinetics Information system  , of which this research is part. After query planning the query plan consists of multiple sub-queries. For example  , in the above online banking system  , assume that after aspectization  , a new function transfer is added and also has locking  , i.e. Another strength of our approach is that it is a relatively simple and efficient way of incorporating time into statistical relational models. The main area of the screen shows one random map which was among the top-ten ranked search results for this query. Variational EM alternates between updating the expectations of the variational distribution q and maximizing the probability of the parameters given the " observed " expected counts. This can be attributed to the presence of compounds  , which leads to higher rates of OOV compound For patent search in compounding languages  , the CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than for other language pairs 3  , 7 . The first two perform the similarity selection and correspond to the two traditional types of similarity search: the Range query Rq and the k-Nearest Neigbor query k-NNq 3. Second  , we describe a novel two-stage optimization technique for parameterized query expansion. Annotated Pattern Trees accept edge matching specifications that can lift the restriction of the traditional oneto-one relationship between pattern tree node and witness tree node. First there is the transfer function representing the dynamics of the master arms Y ,. For taking the rank into consideration  , an exponential decay function with half-life α = 7 is proposed by Ziegler et al. This makes possible to propose similar formulas with coefficients to estimate their costs. We also consider its stochastic counterpart SGBDT  , by fitting trees considering a random subset of training data thus reducing the variance of the final model. Benchmarked using TREC 6 French to English CLIR task  , CLQS demonstrates higher effectiveness than the traditional query translation methods using either bilingual dictionary or commercial machine translation tools. The framework for Partition-based Similarity Search PSS consists of two phases.  published search reports can be used to learn to rank and provide significant retrieval improvements ? Optimal bucket boundary can be reported by additional bookkeeping  , Lines 8–15 are the dynamic programming part: We compute OP T j  , b according to the recurrence equation Equation 3. Since the confidence level is low  , the interval estimate is to be discarded. The language modeling approach to information retrieval represents queries and documents as probabilistic models 1. This is attractive  , because most PIM software applications can export content to BMEcat. ARRANGER works as follows: First  , the best ranking functions learned from the training set are stored and the rest are discarded. There are two deficiencies in the fixed focal length model. However  , in OCR  , character : was often read as i or z. Luckily  , being a specialized domain with rigid conventions for writing   , e.g. The hierarchical search makes use of the Lucene Boolean operator to join: a UMLS concept search  , appropriate Topic type word search e.g. In this paper we present a randomized and hill-climbing technique which starts with an initial priority scheme and optimizes this by swapping two randomly chosen robots. To our best knowledge  , we are among the first to adopt visual saliency information in predicting search examination behavior. In the first attempt  , we defined three different detection methods: maximum entropy  , regular expression  , and closed world list. This eases parsing  , pattern declaration and matching  , and it makes the composition interface explicit. Figure 4shows the theoretical and experimental values for the bode plot of G ,. Next we interpret each instructions of the function by following the transfer functions in Table 1 . LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. For example  , the rewriting rule In some patterns  , the answer type is represented by one of the match constituents in the regular expression instead of one of the standard types  , e.g. The mutual exclusion relation is simply the diagonal set of Σ 0 × Σ 0   , meaning that different events in Σ 0 could fire simultaneously. In the above argument we established that the iterative program will terminate whenever the original recursive program does and that the two programs will then return the same value. The same table li\ts the values of several parameters. Also  , stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization. The relational operations join  , restrict and project as well as statistical summaries of tables may be used to define a view. A* is efficient because it continues those trajectories that appear to have the smallest total cost. In a second experiment  , our goal was to estimate which of the topics has 10% or less of their aspects covered by the document collection. Another 216 words returned the same results for the three semantic relevance approaches. Still  , none of the active learning approaches for LD presented in previous work made use of the similarity of unlabeled link candidates to improve the convergence of curious classifiers. The most common approach is directly fitting Ut to the actual query execution time of the ranking model 7. If many output tuples am generated  , the Hash Loop Join will perform better. Query Operators and Optimization: If a declarative query language is specified  , the E-ADT must provide optimization abilities that will translate a language expression into a query evaluation plan in some evaluation algebra. a search with the word 'diagnosis' for cases with the 'diagnosis' type  , stemmed title search and stemmed keyword search using the preferred terms of the UMLS concepts from the Googlediagnosis . Consequently  , we performed a Pearson Chi-square test to check if there exists any association between the role of the respondents 7 different categories and the choice of programming language as a deciding factor for a system being legacy. Researchers using genetic data frequently are interested in finding similar sequences. Researchers in fields as diverse as CSCW  , Web technologies  , crowdsourcing   , social structures  , or game theory  , have long studied them from different perspectives  , from the behaviour and level of participation of specific groups and individuals Lampe and Johnston 2005; Arguello et al. Question parsing and generating full questions is based on regular expression rewriting rules. Applying the passivity to teleoperation  , Lawrence proved the following theorem. The hill-climbing match procedure typically requires about one minute. The exponents A 1 and X2 are weights  , and were chosen experimentally. The only approach that could be employed is systematic search  17 18  , which due to the worst case exponential cost is not guaranteed to terminate within reasonable time. Figure 4summarizes the query performance for 4 queries of the LUBM. Thus there could be an improvement not only in the dynamics of the structure  , but in the construction by utilizing these composite materials. The key insight between what we call meaning matching is to apply that same perspective directly to CLIR. two common in-memory sorting methods that are used for the split phase. Formally  , assume that we have a set U of unreachable atomic propositions. Images of the candidate pictograms that contain query as interpretation word are listed at the bottom five rows of Table 4. However  , we improved upon this result in our XSEarch implementation by using dynamic programming. In this paper  , we make a first step to consider all phases of query optimization in RDF repositories. There has been extensive research on fast similarity search due to its central importance in many applications. In the following  , we introduce our dynamic programming approach for discretization. For evaluation purposes the accuracy of predicted location is used. They were successfully used for color histogram similarity Fal+ 941 Haf+ 951 SK97  , 3-D shape similarity KSS 971 KS 981  , pixel-based similarity AKS 981  , and several other similarity models Sei 971. Spectral hashing SH 36  uses spectral graph partitioning strategy for hash function learning where the graph is constructed based on the similarity between data points. Nonetheless  , the results suggest that a simple dictionary-based approach can be as effective as a sophisticated MT system for CLIR. Such a technique has been shown to improve CLIR performance. The parameters of the final PLSA model are first initialized using the documents that have been pre-assigned to the selected cluster signatures. From the desktop to the internet  , through enterprise intranets  , the search " giants " are engaged in a fight for control of the search infrastructure. This paper presents an approach to retrieval for Question Answering that directly supports indexing and retrieval on the kind of linguistic and semantic constraints that a QA system needs to determine relevance of a retrieved document to a particular natural language input question. Previous work 10  , 18  , 25 on mining alternating specifications has largely focused on developing efficient ranking and selection mechanisms . However   , for hash joins optimizing memory usage is likely to be more significant thau CPU load balancing in marry cases and must therefore be considered for dynamic load balaucii in multi-user mode. The dataset sizes are chosen such that the index data structure of the basic LSH method can entirely fit into the main memory. Challenges for domainspecific CLIR  , in particular the problem of distinguishing domainspecific meanings  , have been noted in 12. more likely to be a person or entity vs. medical domain documents more likely to be a chemical. The transfer function for figure 9.a is identical to equation 2  , with the same bandwidth. However  , sufficient knowledge to select substructures to characterize the desired molecules is required  , so the similarity search is desired to bypass the substructure selection. A well equipped and powerful system should be able to compare the content of the abstracts regarding their semantics  , i.e. For domains with wildcards  , the associated virtual host must use a regular expression that reflects all possible names. We evaluate the performance of OTM on the tasks of document classification using the method similar to 9 . While some projects have attempted to derive the semantic relevance of discrete search results  , at least sufficiently to be able to group them into derived categories after the fact 27  , the unstructured nature of the Web makes exploring relationships among pages  , or the information components within pages  , difficult to determine. RuralCafe  , then allows the users to choose appropriate query expansion terms from a list of popular terms. 3 report on CLIR experiments for French and Spanish using the same test collection as we do OHSUMED  , and the UMLS Metathesaurus for query translation  , achieving 71% of baseline for Spanish and 61 % for French. The main advantages of DBSCAN are that it does not require the number of desired clusters as an input  , and it explicitly identifies outliers. Using the QGM representation of the query as input  , Plan Optimization then generates and models the cost of alternative plans  , where each plan is a procedural sequence of LOLEPOPs for executing the query. Given this observation  , we are interested in the question: is regularized pLSA likely to outperform non-regularized pLSA no matter the value of K we select ? Let us mathematically formulate the problem of multi-objective optimization in database retrieval and then consider typical sample applications for information systems: Multi-objective Retrieval: Given a database between price  , efficiency and quality of certain products have to be assessed  Personal preferences of users requesting a Web service for a complex task have to be evaluated to select most appropriate services Also in the field of databases and query optimization such optimization problems often occur like in 22 for the choice of query plans given different execution costs and latencies or in 19 for choosing data sources with optimized information quality. Put contents of Input Buf fer2 to Aging The partitioned hash outerjoin is augmented with compression in a very similar manner to the sort merge outerjoin. Solutions for the SB approach were obtained running simulated annealing for R = 50  , 000 rounds. Our approach is based on the successful probabilistic roadmap PRM motion planning method 17. In general  , in the worst case we would need to look at all possible subsets of triples an exponential search space even for the simplest queries. The sp2b uses bibliographic data from dblp 12 as its test data set  , while the bsbm benchmark considers eCommerce as its subject area. The relationship between context instances and patterns is called the matching relation  , which is mathematically represented by the belong-to set operator . The nested loops join methods ar ? The similarity is measured by by mutual information between an entry candidate ei and all concepts C for query q: We hence disambiguate Wiki entries by measuring the similarity between the entires and the topics mentioned in the search queries. Finally  , comparing the different reaulta for 11 and A1 in table -4  , it can be aeen that indexing A1 provides better retrieval results than 11. weight 0 random ord. The implementation appeared to be outside the RDBMS  , however  , and there was not significant discussion of query optimization in this context. These parameters can be divided into two kinds: the weights on the classes of words  , like people or locations  , and the thresholds for deciding if enough of the content is novel. Not all common evaluation functions possess this property. Research work on time sequences has mainly dealt with similarity search which concerns shapes of time sequences. TREC-8 marks the first occasion for CLARITECH to participate in the CLIR track.  Regular-Expression Matching: XTM provides the ability to search for text that matches a set of rules or patterns  , such as looking for phone numbers  , email addresses  , social-security numbers   , monetary values  , etc. In Section 5 we present a technique based on analyzing the properties of ideal queries  , and using those observations to prune the option search space. However  , these approaches usually consider each user's search history as a whole  , without analysing it into its inherent search behaviors. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR refers to retrieval when the query and the database are in different languages. Following a typical approach for on-line learning  , we perform a stochastic gradient descent with respect to the   , S i−1 . As per Table 2  , our automatic evaluation MRR1 scores have a moderately strong positive Pearson correlation of .71 to our manual evaluation. Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. Rather  , our goal is to use Q/A data as a means of learning a 'useful' relevance function  , and as such our experiments mainly focus on state-of-the-art relevance ranking techniques. For participant 2  , Q-learning converged in 75% of the cases and required around 100 steps on average. BCDRW requires three inputs: a normalized adjacency matrix W  , a normalized probability distribution d that encodes the prior ranking  , and a dumpling factor λ that balances the two. Cross-language retrieval supports the users of multilingual document collections by allowing them to submit queries in one language  , and retrieve documents in any of the languages covered by the retrieval system. One is random search Random 1  , the only fully parallelizable strategy besides A-SMFO. The small number of queries in the testing dataset precluded the use of any statistical significance tests. Figure 5ashows how the vector states sr for different ranks r are positioned in the space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . CyCLaDEs source code is available at: https://github.com/pfolz/cyclades 3 . This experiment studied the performance of the IDP optimizer that is based on dynamic programming. A session S supports a pattern P if and only if P is a subsequence of S not violating string matching constraint. Most present CLIR methods fall into three categories: dictionary-based  , MT-based and corpus-based methods 1 . We cannot derive a closed-form solution for the above optimization problem. In the future  , we expect to further study more efficient motions of the fingers  , possibly in parallel  , to fold knots. To support similarity search  , partial formulae of each formula are useful as possible substructures for indexing. ×MUST generates the second smallest test suite containing the largest number of non-redundant tests and the smallest number of redundant tests Fig. Given a user attempting a search task  , the goal of our method is to learn from the on-task search behavior of other users. A total of twentyfive groups participated in the enterprise track. pressive language. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized  , 2 categorized  , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared  , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. By contrast  , apart from incorporating the search term occurrences in the document for ranking  , our score of every location in the document is determined by the terms located nearby the search term and by the relative location of these terms to the search term. The feature will be put into the support vector machine and the associated da.% will be reported. In order to use support vector machine  , kernel function should be defined. This also reflects that apps tend to go through a series of revisions before being generally favorable; after which the subsequent versions show a decline in general interest  , and this suggests the peripheral nature of the subsequent revisions. Along the line of similar studies  , the statistics suggest an exponential growth of pages on the WWW. Therefore  , the scan task is also responsible for returning the sorted records to the host site. However  , research funding by such projects as TIDES 1   , indicates that there is a need  , within intelligence organisations at least  , for CLIR systems using poor translation resources and pivots. Often  , regularization terms The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. Large measurement likelihoods indicate that the particle set is distributed in a likely region of space and it is possible to decrease measurement model entropy. The combinator accepts a sequence of such parsers and returns a new parser as its output. There is no need for complex sort/merge programs. As shown  , topic-based metrics have correlation with the number of bugs at different levels. Experimental results show the PLSA model works effectively for recommending questions. When experimented with the synthetic data and real-world data  , the proposed method makes a good inference of the parameters  , in terms of relative error. When there are many tuples in memory  , this may result in considerable delays. However  , note the empty big circles and squares representing the other short queries in the left and right corners of the simplex in figure 1a  , where the tempered EM could not help. cost function based on softmax function. It seems clear that patlems occurring in random indexing can be profitably exploited  , and surprisingly quickly. In order to design the controller  , we need to have the transfer function matrix of the robotic subsystem sampled with period T , ,. We then redefine each function which is owned by the terminal to be a call on a protocol transfer function: the name of the function and its parameters are passed to the remote-function-call function. In this scenario  , teleportation is also generally performed via visits to a search engine and a user is more likely to " teleport " to a related or similar page instead of a random page in a search session. The unit of memory adjustment is a data buffer plus the space for additional data structure for sorting. The tool implementation of MATA has been extended to include matching of any fragments using AGG as the back-end graph rule execution engine. However  , the performance of SDM remarkably drops on SemSearch ES query set. For a noncompliant motion Eq.5 describes a decoupled system  , which is generally not true in case of compliant motion. The resulting point cloud is a smooth continuous surface with all outliers removed. A complete example of all four combinations can be viewed below: Description: What is depression ? After issuing the search interface/engine with a query  , the component provides SimIIR with access to the SERP -a ranked list of snippets and associated documents. For instance it can be used to search by similarity MPEG-7 visual descriptors. However the substantial time required and perhaps the complexity of implementing such methods has led to the widespread use of simpler heuristics  , such as hill-climbing 8 and greedy methods. Reordering the operations in a conventional relational DBMS to an equivalent but more efficient form is a common technique in query optimization. tion  , a spatial-temporal-dependent query similarity model can be constructed. To evaluate our proposal  , we implemented two use cases that allowed us to produce a large quantity of product model data from BMEcat catalogs. Pain is a very common problem experienced by patients  , especially at the end of life EOL when comfort is paramount to high quality healthcare. However  , as the translation resource is constant across the experiments in the paper  , we were confident this would not affect the comparison of triangulation to other CLIR techniques. Specifically  , it was shown empirically that the score distributions on a per query basis may be fitted using an exponential distribution for the set of non-relevant documents and a normal distribution for the set of relevant documents. The real problem lies in defining similarity. There are several main differences between string matching and the discovery of FA patterns. Xcerpt's pattern matching is based on simulation unification. In that way  , a search system will retrieve documents according to both text and temporal criteria  , e.g. To implement this scheme we can use F F T to analyze the spectrum of both input and output during the transient period  , and calculate the transfer function N . There are no semantic or pragmatic theories to guide us. This function is the maximum cumulative discounted reward that can be achieved by starting from state s and applying action a as the first action. Additional documents are then retrieved by following the edges from the starting point in the order of a breadth first search. We also propose a novel evaluation metric to measure the performance . Therefore  , our model disguises a user's true search intents through plausible cover queries such that search engines cannot easily recognize them. Figure 6 : One wave length error detection using the reflection model. The technique is applied to a graph representation of the octree search space  , and it performs a global search through the graph. It is important to understand the basic differences between our scenario and a traditional centralized setting which also has query operators characterized by costs and selectivities. The three most common and most important methods are: Genetic programming applies a number of different possible conditions to the best solutions to create the next generation of solutions. Optimization approaches include branch-and-bound and dynamic programming methods e.g. However  , in many other cases  , it requires rescanning the entire updated database DB in order to build the corresponding FP-tree. The current Web is largely document-centric hypertext. Otherwise  , if no graph pattern from C matches  , the source graph pattern P represents graphs that can be transformed into unsafe graphs by applying r  , and If a graph pattern from C matches the source graph pattern  , the application of r is either irrelevant  , as the source graph pattern already represents a forbidden state  , or impossible   , because it is preempted by another matching rule with higher priority. Note that our optimization techniques will never generate an incorrect query — they will either not apply in which case we will generate the naive query or they will apply and will generate a query expected to be more efficient than the naive query. Our study is also related to a large body of previous work on search personalization. Based on the assumptions defined above  , in this section we propose a Two-Dimensional Click Model TDCM to explain the observed clicks. The results also shows how our conservative local heuristic sharply reduces the overhead of optimization under varying distributions. We design an initialization strategy to balance the above two approaches. This research is an important contribution to the understanding of the design tradeoffs between query optimization and data allocation for distributed database design. For each dataset  , the table reports the query time  , the error ratio and the number of hash tables required  , to achieve three different search quality recall values. Thus  , next we show how to address this issue such that we can use stochastic gradient descent effectively. Search logs are usually organized in the form of search sessions. One problem with all the methods described in this section is that it is not easy to select the parameters defining the amount of components to be looked for. Keeping this in mind  , we briefly cite the well-known inductive definition of the set of regular expressions EXP T over an alphabet T and their associated languages: Now we are ready for motivating our choice to capture the semantics of ODX by regular grammars. APEQ uses Graph traversal technique to determine the main entity by graph exploration. Here we explore the opposite however  , optimality of interfaces given search behavior. However  , it has a weakness in that it requires two distance computations at every node during a search and is limited to a branching factor of two. We used Random Indexing 6  to build distributional semantic representations i.e. Existing measures of indexing consistency are flawed because they ignore semantic relations between the terms that different indexers assign. We collect a set of 5 ,629 real user search sessions from a commercial search engine. As a result  , we derive a similarity search function that supports Type-2 and 3 pattern similarities. As an example of the application  , the proposed method is tested with a two-link brachiation robot which learns a control policy for its swing motion 191. 2 Training a Random Forest: During trammg of the forest  , the optimization variables are the pairs of feature component cPij and threshold B per split node. We then review the basic DSSM model and discuss how it could be extended for our setting in Section 4; in Section 5  , we introduce the multi-view deep learning model in details and discuss its advantages ; in Section 6  , we discuss the dimension reduction methods to scale-up the model; in Section 7  , 8  , 9 & 10  , we present a comprehensive empirical study; we finally conclude in Section 11 and suggest several future work. 7 The highly effective UEF prediction framework 45 is based on re-ranking the retrieved list L using a relevance language model induced from L. We use the exponent of the Pearson correlation between the scores in L and those produced by the re-ranking as a basic prediction measure. Focused crawling  , on the other hand  , attempts to order the URLs that have been discovered to do a " best first " crawl  , rather than the search engine's " breadth-first " crawl. " A detailed discussion can be found in If the load is negligible the actuator dynamics transfer function becomes A brief discussion on EH servo system operation modeling is iven. The Tsetlin automaton can be thought of as a finite state automaton controlling two search strategies. Given a query template that is c1assified by the Random Forest  , we can not only predict its probability to afford a successful grasp but also make predictions about latent variables based on the training examples at the corresponding leaf nodes. While the libraries are focusing on the customization of existing tools  , such as the The CLIR/DLF fellow at Indiana University has been placed within the D2I Center as a liaison to the libraries. In this study  , we will therefore explore a third alternative. If the function is SUM  , the likelihood of a multi-buffer replacement decreases rapidly with the number of pages. In this paper  , we present a novel distributed keyword-based search technique over RDF data that builds the best k results in the first k generated answers. In addition  , before the main loop is executed  , R*GPU generates K random successors of the start state. The values of learning rates ⌘1 and ⌘2 are set as constant 0.05 in the experiments. Hence  , this approach bears high potential for CLIR tasks. On every third revision  , three exploration-free rollouts were evaluated  , each using identical controls  , to evaluate learning progress. Figure 4illustrates CSSA for the case where the user requires the best K solutions exceeding the similarity specified by target. We then generalise the string to a suitable regular expression  , by removing stopwords and inserting named entity classes where appropriate. Thus  , our hybrid auctions are flexible enough to allow the auctioneer and the advertiser to implement complex dynamic programming strategies collaboratively  , under a wide range of scenarios. This also implies that for a QTree this optimization can be used only once. The advantages of STAR-based query optimization are detailed in Loh87. DBSCAN expands a cluster C as follows. The pruning comes in three forms. We propose several effective and scalable dimensionality reduction techniques that reduce the dimension to a reasonable size without the loss of much information. The softmax distribution has several important properties. Finally   , applications may be developed by multiple teams  , possibly using multiple programming paradigms and programming languages. The problem here is determining how good the imputation model is for a candidate point  , when the true global values for this point are not known. In 8  , we analyzed a simple vision-motion planning problem and concluded that hill-climbing is useful to limit a search space at each stage of DP. The study used a structuring method  , in which those words that were derived from the same Finnish word were grouped into the same facet. Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. Where Qd is the continuously differentiable bounded desired trajectory and Fs is any relative order one  , strictly proper exponentially stable transfer function. This reaches a threshold as the search becomes more exhaustive in nature. Conventionally CLIR approaches 4 ,7 ,8 ,12 ,21 have focused mainly on incorporating dictionaries and domain-specific bilingual corpora for query translation 6 ,10 ,18. A set of sufficient conditions for showing that a folding preserves violations of specifications expressed in propositional temporal logic are given in YouSS. The second pass does not use template stepping and is a refinement step to select the best possible SAD from within the 2i by 2i region. The minimal quotient strategies are equivalent to the nondominated strategies used in multiobjective optimization and Pareto optimal strategies used in cooperative game theory. The keyword value  , as in domain constraint definitions  , provides a way of naming  , not the type  , bul the whole instance of the type or domain being referenced in an expression that is being evaluated it is often called self or this in programming languages. If the transfer function is represented in the frequency domain as the closed-loop transfer funcl ion  , Hs  , from the exogenous inputs to the regulated outputs  , is obtained as: If the system performance can be represented by functions in terms of Hs  , multiple specific ,ltions for the system are formulated in a uniform format. To get a weighting function representing the likelihood An exemplary segmentation result obtained by applying this saturation feature to real data is shown in figure 3b. RDMA measures the deviation of agreement from other users on a set of target items  , combined with the inverse rating frequency for these items. First  , the compensating signal which counterbalances the influence of friction force and parameter change is generated using an idea of disturbance observer . Nevertheless  , such pattern matching is well supported in current engines  , by using inverted lists– our realization can build upon similar techniques. First we create original intent hierarchies OIH by manually grouping the official intents based on their semantic similarity or relatedness. To reduce execution costs we introduced basic query optimization for SPARQL queries. However  , no results have been produced for mixed level arrays using these methods. With this model  , we can reduce the effects of background words and learn a model which better captures words concentrating around users' collective interests. We use a TRIE representation of variablelength character strings to avoid readjusting comparison starting points. A substantial overshoot can be remarked at about 10 rad/s. 19 Table 1shows the 20 items exhibiting the highest similarity with the query article " Gall " article number 9562 based on the global vector similarity between query and retrieved article texts. The confidence of the learned classifier is then used as a similarity metric for the records. Possible choices for s ij are the absolute value of the Pearson correlation coefficient  , or an inverse of the squared error. Blank nodes have to be associated with values during pattern matching similiar to variables. This is done by converting the distinguished paths of e1 and e2 to regular expressions  , finding their intersection using standard techniques 21  , and converting the intersection back to an XPath expression with the qualifiers from e1 and e2 correctly associated with the merged steps in the intersection. Besides consistently producing response times that are at least as fast as Quicksort  , replacement selection with block writes also makes external sorts more responsive  , compared to Quicksort  , in releasing memory when required to do so. A keyword search engine like Lucene has OR-semantics by default i.e. These features are usually generated based on mel-frequency cepstral coefficients MFCCs 7 by applying Fast Fourier transforms to the signal. Perplexity  , which is widely used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood lower numbers are better. Folding-in refers to the problem of computing representations of documents that were not contained in the original training collection . To demonstrate these techniques  , we describe the development of the inchworm robot shown in Fig. With respect to E  , the log-likelihood function is a maximum when = due to the fact that is positive definite. These constraints are called QFT bounds and are usually shown on the Nichols chart 12 . Identity mapping I is used as feature mapping function  , with the mapping procedure This can be viewed as a special case of transfer learning. The goal of this work is to improve attribute prediction in dynamic domains by incorporating the influence of timevarying links into statistical relational models. While ESA achieves a rather low Pearson correlation and SSA comparably low Spearman correlation  , our approach beats them in both categories. The first result involves characterizing transfer functions of polygonal parts and states that for every step function f   , each step having a fixed point4 strictly in its interior  , there corresponds a polygonal part PJ having f as its transfer function and vice versa. Third  , we develop a clickrate prediction function to leverage the complementary relative strengths of various signals  , by employing a state-of-the-art predictive modeling method  , MART 15  , 16  , 40. With this parameterization of λt  , maximum-likelihood estimates of model parameters can be numerically calculated efficiently no closed form exists due to the integral term in Equation 6. In the probabilistic retrieval model used in this work  , we interpret the weight of a query term to be the frequency of the term being generated in query generation. Given a problem  , the basic idea behind genetic programming 18 is to generate increasingly better solutions of the given problem by applying a number of genetic operators to the current population . Deep learning with bottom-up transfer DL+BT: A deep learning approach with five-layer CAES and one fully connected layer. To the best of our knowledge  , our work is the first to establish a collaborative Twitter-based search personalization framework and present an effective means to integrate language modeling  , topic modeling and social media-specific components into a unified framework. Cross-language Information Retrieval CLIR is the task of finding documents that are written in one language e.g. The first 1 ,000 iterations of MCMC chains were discarded as an initial burn-in period. With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. To apply this metric  , we converted the user interest model into a vector representation with all weighted interest elements in the model. This suggests an opportunity to explore alternative methods of imputation to achieve different feature weightings and reduce learning bias within a stacked framework. In terms of CASE tools support  , we are testing a few mechanisms that allow generation of constraints for pattern verification as well as matching rules for pattern recovery given a UML design model. Fitting an individiral skeleton model to its motion data is the routine identification task rary non-ridd pose with sparse featme points. The representation for data objects and their relationships with each other is a relational data base with a pattern-matching access mechanism. Therefore  , we can utilize convex optimization techniques to find approximate solutions. Traditional text similarity search methods in the original keyword vector space are difficult to be used for large datasets  , since these methods utilize the content vectors of the documents in a highdimensional space and are associated with high cost of float/integer computation. One might speculate whether embedding the IDEAL model in a less fitting strategy would have lead to the same positive results. However  , it does not carry out semantic annotation of documents  , which is the problem addressed here. There are 105 stages for this problem  , and the dynamic programming computations took about 20 seconds on a SPARC 20 workstation. stochastic dynamic programming  , and recommended actions are executed. For example  , AlphaSort 18  , a shared-memory based parallel external sort  , uses quicksort as the sequential sorting kernel and a replacement-selection tree to merge the sorted subsets. We apply the concepts of modular grammar and just-in-time annotation to RegExprewrite rules. We compared SPARQL2NL with SPARTIQULATION on a random sample of 20 queries retrieved from the QALD-2 benchmark within a blind survey: We asked two SPARQL experts to evaluate the adequacy and fluency of the verbalizations achieved by the two approaches. By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. The regular expression occurring in this query has an equivalent automaton with three states: the three regions correspond precisely to these states. Usually  , the Euclidean distance between the weight vector and the input pattern is used to calculate a unit's activation. All other agents utilized a discount rate of 0.7. The performance also varies depending on the choice of scoring function. This paper presents a novel session search framework  , winwin search  , that uses a dual-agent stochastic game to model the interactions between user and search engine. aspects. Figure 10shows the likelihood and loop closure error as a function of EM iteration. Our rationale for splitting F in this way is that  , according to empirical findings reported in 11  , the likelihood of a user visiting a page presented in a search result list depends primarily on the rank position at which the page appears. There might be two possible reasons. When certain characters are found in an argument  , they cause replacement of that argument by a sorted list of zero or more file names obtained by pattern-matching on the contents of directories. In 19  , for example  , an IR-like technique is used to find statistical association between words in two languages. What is shown at each point in the figure is the monolingual percentage of the CLIR MAP. Knowledge of a particular user's interests and search context has been used to improve search. To allow larger distances to increase backtracking capability and avoid the exponential explosion  , a maximum number of markings is allowed at each level. The exploration-cost estimate is used by the ECM to help remove certain types of incorrect advice. The semantic association between the nodes is used to compute the edge weights query-independent while the relevance of a node to the query is used to define the node weight query- dependent. Clustered multi-index. We employ a random forest classifier as the discriminative model and use its natural ability to cluster similar data points at the leaf nodes for the retrieval task. Results show that in most test sets  , LDM outperforms significantly the state-of-the-art LM approaches and the classical probabilistic retrieval model. He concluded that cluster-based selection could not improve upon greedy ranking-based selection  , but a second approach that integrated relevance and redundancy into a single score in a way similar to mRmR 8 did so. This post optimizer kxamines the sequential query plan to see how to parallelize a gequential plan segment and estimates the overhead as welLas the response time reduction if this plan segment is executed in parallel. The numbers in table 1 show that the CLIR approach in general outperforms our baseline. Table 1presents Pearson correlation coefficients that examined time taken to complete each search actual and estimated by subjects  , recall actual and estimated by subjects and number of documents saved. We then extracted noun phrases by running a shallow part of speech tagger191  , and labeling as a noun phrase any groups of words of length less than six which matched the regular expression NounlAdjective*Noun. We call such allowable plans MHJ plans. which fragments slmultl be fetched from tertiary memory . Therefore  , every word is determined a most likely document tion. We also showed how to extend this framework to combine data from different domains to further improve the recommendation quality. For instance  , the Alembic workbench 1 contains a sentence splitting module which employs over 100 regular-expression rules written in Flex. Once we have mined all frequent itemsets or  , e.g. The problem of similarity search aka nearest neighbour search is: given a query document 1   , find its most similar documents from a very large document collection corpus. Future work will put these findings to a practical application for selective approaches to PRF-AQE  , or in the selection of a baseline model to optimize a system's overall performance given the conditions of a particular query. A user with zero-recall search in her search trail has a purchase rate which is 0.64 times the purchase rate of user who did not Table 5describes this factor for various user segments. Then the position data are transmitted to each the satellite. The transfer function of the controller is obtained using equation hub. Finally  , all other numbers are identified with an in-house system based on regular expression grammars. This is also the first piece of work which treats the performance and quality issues of textual similarity search in one unified framework. Indeed  , while the contribution of stop-words  , such as determiners and modals  , can be largely ignored  , unmatched named entities are strong indicators of semantic differences between the query and the document. This report is organized as follows. The novel optimization plan-space includes a variety of correlated and decorrelated executions of each subquery  , using VOLCANO's common sub-expression detection to prevent a blow-up in optimization complexity. Moreover note that in low Z values the cube is sparse  , which generates many TTs decreasing the size of CURE and BU-BST. As a pilot study  , we believe that this work has opened a new door to recommendation systems using deep learning from multiple data sources. In this respect  , the sink variable and regular expression variables play similar roles in that they appear in the same position in both the head of each rule and the IDB predicate in the body. The most popular variants are the Pearson correlation or cosine measure. In order to tackle graph containment search  , a new methodology is needed. The procedure of creating start-point list is illustrated in Fig. Figure 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q consistently outperforms NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity for all queries  , with larger improvements observed for less frequent queries. The obvious similarity with RaPiD7 is the idea of having well structured meetings in RaPiD7 called workshops in order to work out system details. Hence  , the Random Walk served as the search performance lower-bound. The tree node corresponding to the last item of the sorted summary itemset represents a cluster  , to which the transaction T i belongs. GP is ultimately a heuristic-guided random search; the success rate in some sense measures the difficulty of finding the solution. To increase the chance of forming a good solution we repeat the random walk or trial a number of times  , each time beginning with a random initial feasible solution. The reason is the handling of pattern matching in the generated Java code with trivially true conditional statements. Atkeson and Schaal 11 describe work in which a reward function and a model for a task are learned by observing a human demonstratc thc task. In addition  , we present a new tensor model that not only incorporates the domain knowledge but also well estimates the missing data and avoids noises to properly handle multi-source data. We compare four methods for identifying entity aspects: TF. IDF  , the log-likelihood ratio LLR 2  , parsimonious language models PLM 3 and an opinion-oriented method OO 5 that extracts targets of opinions to generate a topic-specific sentiment lexicon; we use the targets selected during the second step of this method. In this paper we present a system for cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR working over the multilingual corpora of European Legislation Acquis Communautaire 1. This paper presented the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval. This means that we would do EA_LB_Keogh 2k-1 times  , without early abandoning. We are not surprised for this experimental results. Structural similarity: The similarity of two expressions is defined as a function of their structures and the symbols they share. Although this is a rather obvious result  , it may provide some insight into the more complicated case in which all the links are obstructed. From our perspective  , it is evident that given the nature of the TREC collections  , CLIR approaches based upon multilingual thesauri remain difficult to explore. Pages that are labeled as strongly negative by the classifier are then added as negative examples to the training set. The queries are in line with the BSBM mix of SPARQL queries and with the BSBM e-commerce use case that considers products as well as offers and reviews for these products. Second  , single-point estimates do not help inference of model parameters  , and may in fact hurt if the ensuing model-fitting stage uses them as its input. Both tools employ heuristics to speed up their search. To analyze this  , we measured the Pearson correlation between the displayed popularity of a tag and the likelihood of a user to adopt the tag. Through repetitively replacing bad vertices with better points the simplex moves downhill. On the other hand  , a recursive navigation is typed differently by an ad hoc approach 11 that uses an internal typing function recfactor. We know that these query optimizations can greatly improve performance. The model assumes that the relevance relationship between a document and a user's query cannot be determined with certainty. In particular  , we demonstrate that for a large collection of queries  , reliable similarity scores among images can be derived from a comparison of their local descriptors. Note that in this paper  , we focus on ordered twig pattern matching. For example  , an article on Support Vector Machines might not mention the words machine learning explicitly  , since it is a specialized topic in the field of machine learning. We adopted existing code for SQL cross-matching queries 2 and added a special xmatch pattern to simplify queries. In this paper  , only triangular membership functions are coded for optimization. We can therefore define the notion of a strand  , which is a set of substrings that share one same matching pattern. Measuring semantic quantities of information requires innovation on the theory  , better clarification of the relationship between information and entropy  , and justification of this relationship. and substituting the plant transfer function of Eq. Regularization with most resources or their combinations does not lead to significant improvement over the pLSA run. Since the model depends on the alignment at the document level  , in order to ensure the bilingual contexts instead of monolingual contexts  , it is intuitive to assume that larger window sizes will lead to better bilingual embeddings. We propose the S-PLSA model  , which through the use of appraisal groups  , provides a probabilistic framework to analyze sentiments in blogs. All similarity matrices we applied were derived from our color similarity search system. Similarity search in metric spaces has received considerable attention in the database research community 6  , 14  , 20. It is important to note that orderpreserving hash join does preserve orderings  , but does not preserve groupings held of the outer relation. After that search is carried out among this population. Perform a range search on the B+-tree to find Suppose the time search interval is IS = ta  , ta. We used four graded-relevance data sets from the TREC robust track and the NTCIR CLIR task: some statistics are shown in Table 1. NL interfaces are attractive for their ease-of-use  , and definetely have a role to play  , but they suffer from a weak adequacy: habitability spontaneous NL expressions often have no FL counterpart or are ambiguous  , expressivity only a small FL fragment is covered in general. There was a strong positive correlation between the termconsistency and the proportion of descriptors among search terms rs = 0.598; p = 0.0009. We have thus decided to combine navigational probing with FSMs and present a new method SINGLEDFA for this category. In this section  , we first describe our experimental setting for predicting user participation in threads in Section 4.1. Therefore  , we modify the standard dynamic programming to accept real-valued matching similarity. Note that figures 7 and 8 represent matching results of the sequences grouped into the same cluster. Contributions of R-SOX include: 1. We therefore omitted Model 4 for the English- Chinese pair. Therefore  , the frequency Characteristics are compensated with the inverse transfer function of it  121. Practically  , it is impossible to search all subgraphs that appear in the database. If a query consists of several independent parts e.g. In Section 2  , we describe the various components of CLIR systems  , existing approaches to the OOV problem  , and explain the ideas behind the extensions we have developed. 1 Sponsored search refers to the practice of displaying ads alongside search results whenever a user issues a query. The weighted inputs are summed  , and then an output Y can be obtained by mapping of transfer function f . The results are compared to non-annealing methods and their effectiveness was demonstrated. The original language modeling approach as proposed in 9 involves a two-step scoring procedure: 1 Estimate a document language model for each document; 2 Compute the query likelihood using the estimated document language model directly. The first step for the developer is to identify a few elements that could be related to the implementation of the folding feature. At the same time it is not possible to tune the word embeddings on the training set  , as it will overfit due to the small number of the query-tweet pairs available for training. Some people rather assign higher scores while others tend to assign lower values. Kumar and Spafford 10 applied subsequence pattern matching to intrusion detection. The goal of this scoring is to optimize the degree to which the asker and the answerer feel kinship and trust  , arising from their sense of connection and similarity  , and meet each other's expectations for conversational behavior in the interaction. Yet another important advantage is that the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. The development of sensors that utilize self-folding manufacturing techniques and their integration into more complex structures is an important stepping stone in the path towards autonomously assembling machines and robots. Given an existing single-machine indexer  , one simple way to take advantage of MapReduce is to leverage reducers to merge indexes built on local disk. Summarized briefly  , this result follows from the following reasoning: 1. For searching in the implicit C-space  , any best-first search mechanism can be applied. Assume that we are part-way through a search; the current nearest neighbour has similarity b. To validate the above strategy  , we collect two groups of more than 140K samples from the search API  , users whose name match popular and unpopular < 1000 users surnames   , in Sep 2012. An alternate method is presented in this section which does give a well-defined transfer function. Ranking functions usually could not work consistently well under all situations. We define translation  , expansion  , and replacement features. by using dynamic programming. These findings suggest that the criteria in the Hybrid method Equation 7 improves both temporal similarity and semantic relevance. However  , on QALD-2  , whose queries are questions such as 'Who created Wikipedia'  , simple text similarity features are not as strong. However the impact of hashing on the total time is small because the sort-merge dominates the total time. The instance learning method presented in the paper has been experimentally evaluated on a dataset of 100 Deep Web Pages randomly selected from most known Deep Web Sites. The execute-imm function computes the partial fixpoint of a database instance using some immediate rules. We further propose a method to optimize such a problem formulation within the standard stochastic gradient descent optimization framework. The encoding procedure can be summarized as: Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input  , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. In the CI Spider study  , subjects believed it was easier to find useful information using CI Spider with a score of 3.97/5.00 than using Lycos domain search 3.33 or manual within-site browsing and searching 3.23. Each invocation produces an index into the list of zy pairs  , thereby defining a contour point. The range n0  , n1 of frequent k-n-match search is chosen according to the results on real data sets as described in Section 5.2.1. The entropy-based LSH method generates randomly perturbed objects and use LSH functions to hash them to buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method uses a carefully derived probing sequence based on the hash values of the query object. All of the subsystem commands developed for the generic MI were implemented with C++ functions and all data transfer and data conversions are handled by Orbix. The size of table productfeatureproduct is significantly bigger than the table product 280K rows vs 5M rows. For a low-dimensional feature space  , similarity search can be carried out efficiently with pre-built space-partitioning index structures such as KD-tree or data-partitioning index structures such as R-tree 7 . The uncertainty is estimated for localization using a local map by fitting a normal distribution to the likelihood function generated. For instance  , a search engine needs to crawl and index billions of web-pages. Our work on HAWK however also revealed several open research questions  , of which the most important lies in finding the correct ranking approach to map a predicate-argument tree to a possible interpretation. The physician is interested in the immediate finding of articles where relevance is defined by the semantic similarity to some kind of prototype abstract delivered by the specialist. Specifically  , given a user's query  , SSL sends the query to the centralized sample database and retrieves the sample ranked list with relevance score of each document. The authors showed that in general case finding all simple paths matching a given regular expression is NP-Complete  , whereas in special cases it can be tractable. A more direct indicator of user interest is search terms entered into search engines or the search fields of other websites . Table 3shows the retrieval results of our CLIR system on TREC5C and TREC9X. We have implemented block nested-loop and hybrid hash variants. We call this the irrelevant index set optimization. There are exponentially many possible segmentations  , but dynamic programming makes the calculation tractable. To some extent  , we can consider the Web ngrams more similar to the document content than click logs and anchor text. Because most search engines only index a certain portion of each website  , the recall rate of these searches is very low  , and sometimes even no documents are returned. Rank-S is affected by one more random component than Taily  , thus it might be expected to have greater variability across system instances. They primarily used heuristics and pattern matching for recognizing URLs of homepages. The effectiveness of the various query translation methods for CLIR was then investigated. In this section  , we illustrate the split group duplicate problem that arises if we ignore this subtle difference between materialized view maintenance and the " traditional " associative/commutative update problems studied by Korth Kor83 and others. Our learning to rank method is based on a deep learning model for advanced text representations using distributional word embeddings . Densityr #regex successes rate 0.0  , 0.2  Experiments on partially covering samples. Then the LSH-based method will be used to have a quick similarity search. The following three runs were performed in our Chinese to English CLIR experiments: 1. We note that the depth first traverse of the DOM tree generally matches the same sequence of the nodes appearing in the webpage. The query term selection optimization was evaluated by changing /3 and 7. The TrackMeNot project 12   , for example   , inserts random queries into the stream of queries issued by a user  , with the intent of making it harder for a search engine company to determine a particular user's interests. Due to its penalty for free parameters  , AIC is optimized at a lower k than the loglikelihood ; though more complex models may yield higher likelihood  , AIC offers a better basis for model averaging 3. However  , if the specified transforms are directly applied on the input data  , many transforms such as regular-expression-based substitutions and some arithmetic expressions cannot be undone unambiguously – there exist no " compensating " transforms. Responsible digital curation is much more than preservation of bits. The general interest score is the cosine similarity between the user general interest model and the suggestion model in terms of their vector representations. The likelihood function is a statistical concept. problem and learns a policy to achieve the desired configuration using Q-learning; this learning may be achieved using a combination of simulation and real-world trials. Results of a systematic and large-scale evaluation on our YouTube dataset show promising results  , and demonstrate the viability of our approach. An important feature of this is that the tf·idf scores are calculated only on the terms within the index  , so that anchortext terms are kept separate from terms in the document itself. As will be shown  , this results in a simple highly generalisable model fitting the majority of the data. Modelling the speech signal could be approached through developing acoustic and language models. While query and clickthrough logs from search engines have been shown to be a valuable source of implicit supervision for training retrieval methods  , the vast majority of users' browsing behavior takes place beyond search engine interactions. There are two main problems in synopsis construction scenarios. The classifier uses these similarity functions to decide whether or not citations belong to a same author. For example  , in the regular expression person | employee.name ? The necessary conditions for stability of vergence eye movements are obtained from 4are positive  , the poles of the conjugate eye movement transfer function are always negative  , and the conjugate eye movement is always stable. This work is structured as follows. Instead  , our approach maps a recursive navigation into a function call to a structurally recursive function by means of the translation method presented in 3 for a regular path expression. Our proposal can manifest at Web scale and is suitable for every PIM system or catalog management software that can create BMEcat XML product data  , which holds for about 82% of all of such software systems that we are aware of  , as surveyed in 17. The evaluation results are shown in Section 4. Users also indicated that Random Indexing provided more general suggestions  , while those provided by hyProximity were more granular. The buffers of the external sort can be taken away once it has been suspcndcd. In the following section  , five pictogram categories are described  , and characteristics in pictogram interpretation are clarified. Incorporating this additional semantic fact could have helped to improve the relevance of retrieved results. Our work involved two aspects: Finding good methods for Chinese IR  , and finding effective translation means between English and Chinese. The variance ofˆMΦofˆ ofˆMΦ is due to two sources  , the variance across systems and the variance due to the measurement noise. Soergel describes a general framework for the use of multilingual thesauri in CLIR 27   , noting that a number of operational European systems employ multilingual thesauri such as UDC and LCSH for indexing and searching. As a result of this transformation we now have equi-distant data samples in each frequency band. The results show that the multi-probe LSH method is significantly more space efficient than the basic LSH method. Our approach is feature-based similarity search  , where substring features are used to measure the similarity. They conducted two experiments to determine whether users engaged in a more exhaustive " breadth-first " search meaning that users will look over a number of the results before clicking any  , or a " depth-first " search. Trails must contain pages that are either: search result pages  , search engine homepages  , or pages connected to a search result page via a sequence of clicked hyperlinks. Within the project Twenty-One a system is built that supports Crosslanguage Information Retrieval CLIR. The complexity is significantly smaller than the cost of running the original query because e s r i s typically much smaller than the cardinality of the corresponding relation. The basic idea is to utilize the recursive function call mechanism of the C language. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 15  , hence selecting educational resources that address these concepts is a critical task in supporting learners. A second approach we used for translation is based on automatic dictionary lookup. Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. Because we did not have any ground truth for selecting among these alternatives in the first year of the track  , we instantiated a small crowdsourcing task on CrowdFlower  , 9 in which we showed the annotators questions from the final dry run  , with up to six answers from the six retrieval configurations when two or more methods returned the same answer  , we would show fewer than six options. For Lemur  , the distribution decreases from The precision estimates are taken from the TREC 2009/10 diversity task data for Lemur  , and from the MovieLens 2 dataset for pLSA more details in section 4.2. Cost of Search: What does an average search query cost and what does a response contain ? This makes it worth finding how effective CHI is in CLIR when compared to WM1. We now compare SI-Backward search with the MI- Backward search on a larger workload of 200 queries consisting of 2-7 keywords. The fact that full search achieves higher nDCG scores than pre-search confirms the successful re-ordering that takes place in full search based on pairwise entity-based similarity computation. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. The parameter is determined using the following likelihood function: The center corresponds to the location where the word appears most frequently. The mapping to the dual plane and the use of arrangements provides an intuitive framework for representing and maintaining the rankings of all possible top-k queries in a non-redundant  , self-organizing manner. For the second step  , we employ a support vector machine as our classifier model. used six electrodes mounted on target muscles and a support vector machine was employed as a classifier 2. That's why LSSH can improve mAP by 18% at least which also shows the importance to reduce semantic gap between different modals. The hierarchy is determined by the group identifier of the catalog structure that refers to the identifier of its parent group. With the empirical results we conclude:  With different initial rankings  , IMRank could converge to different self-consistent rankings. Furthermore   , it allows for restriction of the query domain  , similar to context definitions in SOQUET 8 . Prior research utilized the integration of IPC code similarity between a query patent and retrieved patents to re-rank the results in the prior art search literature 4 ,5. Traditional expectation-based parsers rely heavily on slot restrictions-rules about what semantic classes of words or concepts can fill particular slots in the case frames. The evaluation shows that we can provide both high precision and recall for similarity search  , and that our techniques substantially improve on naive keyword search. From this it appears that the effects of random walk searches produce equivalent results as an exhaustive search. The parsers are regular expression based and capable of parsing a single operation. The torque-based function measured failure likelihood and force-domain effects; the acceleration-based function measured immediate failure dynamics; and the swing-angle-based function measured susceptibility to secondary damage after a failure. We explain the PRM-S model in the following section. We begin with a brief introduction to word embedding techniques and then motivate how can these be applied in IR. Pattern inflexibility: Whether using corpus-based learning techniques or manually creating patterns  , to our knowledge all previous systems create hard-coded rules that require strict matching i.e. Although the main intended application of the apparatus is for in vivo experiments in physiology and for microsurgery  , in this phase we elected not to make tests with animals for ethical reasons. We consider correlation using the Pearson correlation coefficient between interestingness averaged over 15 weeks and number of views  , number of favorites  , ratings  , number of linked sites  , time elapsed since video upload and video duration which are media attributes associated with YouTube videos. Content creator-owned tagging systems those without a collaborative component  , especially suffer from inconsistent and idiosyncratic tagging. Scanning the papers of CLIR Track participants in TREC-9 and TREC-2001  , we observe a trend toward the fusion of multiple resources in an attempt to improve lexical coverage. In particular  , in Figure 7awe see that for MG-LRM  , the peak appears at a higher number of iterations than the other models. The chain search of related content is done by computing similarity between the selected result and all other content based on the integrated indices. Such a path is expected to provide the best opportunity for the machine to place its feet while moving with a certain gait over a rough terrain. Query mix -Each index structure was tested in a " normal " update environment by performing a mix of inserts  , searches  , and deletes. The photographs are transformed from spatial domain to frequency domain by a Fast Fourier Transform  , and the pixels whose values surpass a threshold are considered as sharp pixels we use a threshold value of 2  , following 4. This search task simulates the information re-finding search intent. 12 and 13show the concave and convex transition of climbing up hill respectively. Pattern matching checks the attributes of events or variables. After training the random forest c1assifier as above  , there is a minimum number of training data points at each leaf node. First  , it can be difficult to find a valid replacement value for a non-Boolean configuration option  , such as a string or regular expression. We also compute the expected costs and payoffs if the developer examines the generated plausible SPR and Prophet patches in a random order. That means as long as the cut-point k 1 is within the tolerance range we consider the term as similar  , outside the tolerance range it is dissimilar. For Japanese  , we use a regular expression to match sentence endings  , as these patterns are more well defined than in English. A strong recovery is defined as user doing a search with non-zero recall on which she clicks on at least one result item after the zero recall search is done. A brief overview of our approach is as follows: Given a structurally recursive query  , it is mapped to structurally recursive functions and function calls to them. Figure 6shows the Nyquist plot of the three different rotary joint plant models representing the nominal plant described by the transfer function of Eq. The state space consists of interior states and exterior states. The XQuery core's approach to support recursive navigation is based on the built-in descendant-or-self function and the internal typing function recfactor as we have already seen in Section 2. 7represents the convergent rate of J. Randomly generate an initial population of particles with random positions and velocities within a search space. of edge labels is a string in the language denoted by the regular expression R appearing in Q. In this paper  , we present a value-addition tool for query optimizers that amortizes the cost of query optimization through the reuse of plans generated for earlier queries. CLIR has received more attention than any other querytime replacement problem in recent years  , and several effective techniques are now known. However  , this extended method makes the problem of finding the optimal combination of DMP values even trickier and ultimately unmanageable for most human administrators. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 24  , which contains images crawled from the web. As long as the inspection likelihood function Ir is monotonically nonincreasing  , the expected cumulative score of visited pages is maximized when pages are always presented to users in descending order of their true score SWp  , q. Thus  , the interval estimate ep is given a high confidence level for the running example. After experimenting with several structural pattern languages based on text  , we discovered that any moderately sophisticated tern quickly becomes difficult to understand. In the enhanced form MDLe  , it provided a formal basis for robot programming using behaviors and at the same time permitted incorporatlon of kmematic and dynamic models of robots in the form of differential equations. So  , it is obvious that there is agreement between the transfer function approach and the analytic optimization solution. 2 Specification based on set-theoretic notations. After reading the returned search results  , the searcher might realize his inappropriate choices  , correct them  , and redo the search. It is the translator  , not the LSL interpreter  , which can easily view the entire boolean qualification so as to make such an optimization. The protocol tries to construct the quorum by selecting the root co. A transaction attempting to construct a read quorum calls the recursive function Read- Quorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. The optimizer can consider the relative cost of tuple substitution nested iteration  for implementing the G-Joins and other e.g. To overcome these modeling difficulties  , we performed system identification on the manipulator to determine an accurate transfer function for free and constrained motions. They efficiently exploit hBtorical information to speculate on new search nodes with expected improved performance. An ADT-method approach cannot identify common sub-expressions without inter-function optimization  , let alone take advantage of them to optimize query execution. Therefore  , we propose to use a shared sparsity structure in our learning. The problem with this implementation is that it generates a steady state . To the best of the authors' knowledge  , however  , our work is the first on automatically detecting queries representing specific standing interests   , based on users' search history  , for the purposes of making web page recommendations. We implemented this by starting with the most likely translation and adding additional translations in order of decreasing probability until the cumulative probability of the selected translations reached a preset threshold that was determined through experimentation using the TREC-2001 CLIR collection. Pattern matching tools help the programmer with the task of chunking. Although the conversions completed without errors  , still a few issues could be detected in each dataset that we will cover subsequently. This step is combined with the computation of cuboids that are descendants of that cuboid. The evaluation results on ad hoc task show that entities can indeed bring further improvements on the performance of Web document retrieval when combined with axiomatic retrieval model with semantic expansion  , one of the state-ofthe-art methods. We ran 200 trials and plot the mean and standard deviation of the information transfer estimate at each time step. To avoid such an overhead  , each time a pattern is converted from an expression  , the expression's instruction is added to the re-evaluation rules that include the new pattern. To tackle the problem   , we presented a novel random walk model that incorporates the inferred search impact of pages into the standard connectivity-based page importance computation. In this paper  , the primary purpose of fitting a model is not prediction  , but to provide a quantitative means to identify sub-populations. However  , the key issue is doing this efficiently for practical cases. In order to generate gold standard for representative phrases  , we utilize both the true DSR ratings and human annotation. TL-PLSA seems particularly effective for multiclass text classification tasks with a large number of classes more than 100 and few documents per class. We assume a " pay-per-click " pricing model  , in which the advertiser pays a fee to the search provider whenever a user clicks on an advertisement. The predictive accuracy of our implementation of survival random forest is assessed with an o↵-line test. Once a model has been selected to represent a subsystem  , the unknown parameters identification is required. Interestingly  , while we observed a correlation between the averaged contribution and citation counts  , there seems to be no such relation between averaged contribution and reader counts Figures 1b and 1 h. As in the previous case  , there is no correlation between the contribution measure and reader counts  , which is confirmed by Pearson r = 0.0444. While the E-step can be easily distributed  , the M-step is still centralized  , which could potentially become a bottleneck. Figure 3apresents results of the LDF clients without CyCLaDEs. 5.2 Structured search using search engines. There is no formal definition for operation similarity  , because  , just like in other types of search  , similarity depends on the specific goal in the user's mind. By making objects a part of the domain model  , SPPL planner avoids unnecessary grounding and symmetries  , and the search space is reduced by an exponential factor as a result. The artificial data was generated as decribed in 2 from random cubic polynomials. Exact queries in Aranea are generated by approximately a dozen pattern matching rules based query terms and their part-of-speech tags; morpho-lexical pattern matches trigger the creation of reformulated exact queries. Since OASIS always expands the node at the head of the priority queue  , it is a best-first search technique like A*. If the moving direction keeps the same in the iterations  , the step increases faster than an exponential function and is given by iteration the search span at the moving direction  , a is the Fig. Very little work has examined the use of game theory as a means for controlling a robot's interactive behavior with a human. If the random forest-based classifier is used on Restaurants  , the difference widens by about 1 % see previous footnote. The page-level results of semantic prediction are inevitably not accurate enough  , due to the inter-site variations and weak features used to characterize vertical knowledge. We also use as baselines two types of existing effective metrics based on PMI and LSA. The probability of a repeat click as a function of elapsed time between identical queries can be seen in Figure 5. All were confirmed to be real duplicates. Set of split points is also used by dynamic programming. These discontinuities in the past caused large control impulses to the system. Such tools do not generate concrete test cases and often result in spurious warnings  , due to the unsoundness of the modeling of language semantics. Finally  , note that γ = 0 makes LapPLSA equivalent to pLSA without regularization. Thus  , in all of the experiments  , our approaches include R-LTR- NTN plsa   , R-LTR-NTN doc2vec   , PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa   , and PAMM-NTNα-NDCG doc2vec . A transaction attempting to construct a read quorum calls the recursive function Read- Quorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 8. Each keyword search has a unique search ID. Therefore  , each projection uses B-tree indexing to maintain a logical sort-key order. SOC-PMI Islam and Inkpen 2006 improved semantic similarity by taking into account co-occurrence in the context of words. Game theory based robot control has similarly focused on optimization of strategic behavior by a robot in multi-robot scenarios. Next  , we improve on it by employing a probabilistic generative model for documents  , queries and query terms  , and obtain our best results using a variant of the model that incorporates a simple randomwalk modification. A database system that can effectively handle the potential variations in optimization queries will benefit data exploration tasks. For example  , with reference to Figure 2: if the cursor lies within the framed region  , then an R command will replace Figure 2with Figure 1; if the cursor is outside the framed region  , then an R command with replace Figure 2with "queen problem" The D command allows the cursor to go beyond the boundary of the current abstraction  , a sort of return command for an abstraction. The problem of similarity search refers to finding objects that have similar characteristics to the query object. The number of game events in the window and duration of the window are designed to help the sifier address special cases that occur for many characters when we are predicting at the beginning of their histories. Our selected encoding of the input query as pairs of wordpositions and their respective cluster id values allows us to employ the random forest architecture over variable length input. Either the BMEcat supplier defines two separate features  , or the range values are encoded in the FVALUE element of the feature. This paper presents a novel technique for self-folding that utilizes shape memory polymers  , resistive circuits  , and structural design features to achieve these requirements and create two­ dimensional composites capable of self-folding into three­ dimensional devices. C-Search can be positioned anywhere in the semantic continuum with syntactic search being its base case  , and semantic search being the optimal solution  , at the moment beyond the available technology. We evaluated the ranking using both the S-precision and WSprecision measures. The optimization goal is to find the execution plan which is expected to return the result set fastest without actually executing the query or subparts. We designed our method for databases and files where records are stored once and searched many times. Still  , the results are indicative for our purposes. Fold " flattens " tables by converting one row into multiple rows  , folding a set of columns together into one column and replicating the rest. the inner and the outer loops and Qa/Tr for the proposed system  , respectively. Figure 3billustrates the similarity achieved as a function of the number of attempts for the above query set 9 variables and dataset density 0.5 combination. The paper presents a new approach to modeling a ve­ hicle system that can be viewed as a further develop­ ment of predicate/transition Petri neLs  , in which the underlying graph is undirected and tokens have a di­ rection attribute. Our work falls in the class of sequential indexing. Although hill-climbing had a slightly worse target article coverage than the other two 5% less  , it outperformed them in pair-wise similarity which means the facets selected have smaller overlap of navigational paths. We contrast and compare our recent work as CLIR/DLF postdoctoral fellows placed in three different institutions 2. The same redundancy arises in libraries that provide specialized implementations of functionalities already available in other components of the system. Our search engine has access to copies of 3DWare- house and the PSB and can find models by geometric similarity  , original tags  , or autotags. An XSD is single occurrence if it contains only single occurrence regular expressions. As introduced in Section 2  , many current researches use interest profiles to personalize search results 22  , 19  , 6. Since we are dealing with sparse depth data  , it is further desirable to have as large segments as possible -otherwise model fitting becomes impracticable due to lack of data inside segments. Our own work has centered on the use of the normal-form game as a representation and means of control for human-robot interaction 12. Here  , pattern matching can be considered probabilistic generation of test sequences based on training sequences. Dynamic programming is a method for optimization which determines the optimal path through a grid. We propose a new action selection t e c h q u e for moving multiobstacles avoidance using hierarchical fuzzy rules  , fuzzy evaluation system and learning automata through the interaction with the real world. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : The basic problem is then to limit combinatorial explosion while deducinc knowledge. When F reqmin is larger  , the correlation curves decrease especially for substring search. The relative calibration between the rigs is achieved automatically via trajectory matching. To address the shortcomings of this conventional approach   , we described in this paper statistics on views in Microsoft SQL Server  , which provide the optimizer with statistical information on the result of scalar or relational expressions. Unfortunately  , these search types are not directly portable to textual searches  , because e.g. Without such a model  , a search for Hodgkin lymphoma indicating findings is only possible through a search for specific symptoms as e.g. This worked well when the demonstrations were all very similar  , but we found that our weighted squared-error cost function with rate-change penalty yielded better alignments in our setting  , in which the demonstrations were far less similar in size and time scale. The projective contour points of the 3-D CAD forceps in relation to the pose and gripper states were stored in a database. Considering the complexity and heterogeneity of our data and the problem  , it is important to use the most suitable and powerful prediction model that are available. The XML specification requires regular expressions to be deterministic. The RSVP user interface is primarily designed for relevance assessment of video shots  , which are presented in a rapid but controllable sequence. Once the pattern tree match has occurred we must have a logical method to access the matched nodes without having to reapply a pattern tree matching or navigate to them. Now  , having theoretically grounded – in an ontological key 23 – the initial  , basic notions -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are objects of the continuous and differentiable function of the Universe -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are equally motivated to strive to become better and/or the best I would like to pass on to the problem of the search for information  , having first formulated what information is. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. Another genetic programming-based approach to link discovery is implemented in the SILK framework 15. In the whole teleoperation  , highly accurate control has been achieved. Since this type of predictions involve larger temporal horizons and needs to use both the controller organization and modalities  , it may yield larger errors. The fitting with this extended model is considerably better Fig. The relevance is then computed based on the similarity between two bags of concepts. Figures 4 and 5show examples where it converged for each participant. The model also includes computation of the aligning torque M z on each steered wheel. However  , we will keep the nested logit terminology since it is more prevalent in the discrete choice literature. However  , even if we combine DP with hill-climbing  , the planning problem is not yet free from combinatorial explosion . Recommendation systems and content personalization play increasingly important role in modern online web services. In this paper  , we focus on similarity search with edit distance thresholds. Here  , the mappings are discovered by using a genetic programming approach whose fitness function is set to a PFM. A straightforward way to solve the top-k lightest paths problem is to enumerate all paths matching the given path pattern and pick the top-k lightest paths. There are many longer and less frequent motifs in the components  , which makes components like 5 and 9 quite surprising. In all cases  , the PL hypothesis provides a p-value much lower than 0.1 our choice of the significance level of the KS-test. A region query returns all objects intersecting a specified query region. In this paper  , we formulate and evaluate this extended similarity metric. Fortunately  , hashing has been widely shown as a promising approach to tackle fast similarity search 29. Incorporate order in a declarative fashion to a query language using the ASSUMING clause built on SQL 92. Converting dynamic errors to empty sequences yields correct results as in predicates without negations. As the accuracy of any query optimizer is dependent on the accuracy of its statistics  , for this application we need to accurately estimate both the segment and overall result selectivities. To meet that goal  , we analyze the questions in QALD and WebQuestions and find most of them the detail statistics are also on our website mentioned above can be categorized to special patterns shown in Table 2. It means that if a page becomes popular within one year when search engines do not exist  , it takes 66 years when search engines dominate users' browsing pattern! In the early days of the Web the lack of navigation plainness was considered as the navigation problem: users can get lost in a hyperspace and this means that  , when users follow a sequence of links  , they tend to become disoriented in terms of the goal of their original query and in terms of the relevance to their query of the information they are currently browsing 3. The Pearson correlation score derived from this formula is .538 which shows reasonably high correlation between the manual and automatic performance scores and  , as a result  , justifies the use of automatic evaluation when manual evaluation is too expensive e.g. Based on search  , target  , and context concept similarity queries may look like the following ones: The selection of a context concept does not only determine which concepts are compared   , it also affects the measured similarity see section 3.4. All these ways to calculate the similarity or correlation between users are based solely on the ratings of the users. However  , they require an a priori identification of singular arcs. For our sequence of models  , the cross-validated correlation and overall correlation are about the same  , giving us some assurance that the models are not over-fitting. The query engine uses this information for query planning and optimization. Applicability in an Epoq optimizer is similar in function to pattern-matching and condition-matching of left-hand sides in more traditional rule-based optimizers. CLIR features are the key to learning what characteristics make a term favorable or adverse for translation. Its application at line 2 automatically generates two sub-goals. The autoencoder was found to be computationally infeasible when applied to the described datasets and therefore its retrieval performance is not presented. The return type of a polymorphic recursive function that accepts any XML data is usually declared as xs:AnyType 10. The amount of data collected is a function of the scan density  , often expressed as points per row and column  , and area viewed. Such a path always exists for a connected graph. Note that the Pearson and Kendall's τ correlation coefficients work on different scales and so cannot be directly compared to each other. The stacked autoencoder as our deep learning architecture result in a accuracy of 0.91. As indicated in Table 1Figure 1: Comparison of CLIR performance on homogeneous datasets using both short and long queries. 10 modeled conditional probability distributions of various sensor attributes and introduced the notion of conditional plans for query optimization with correlated attributes. Fortunately  , we saw in §2.2 that Θ Q could be more accurately estimated by applying supervised learning. Basically  , a model of Type I is a model where balls tokens are randomly extracted from an urn  , whilst in Type II models balls are randomly extracted from an urn belonging to a collection of urns documents. The model without training is accurate for sufficiently large values of T   , but it cannot be applied for short observations because the quality of parameter fitting deteriorates  , as we showed in Sec. Therefore  , it may also be problematic to evaluate a system purely by whether or not it can improve search performance of a query in a search session and the magnitude of the improvement. There is some useless information about patients' personal detail in the last part of each report  , so we also use regular expression to get and delete them. Frequently  , it is based on the Pearson correlation coefficient. The distance computation can be performed via dynamic programming in time O|x||y|. In all experiments  , TSA yields the best optimization/execution cost  , ratio. The above transfer function meam a typical second order system. Even though precomputation can improve the efficiency of our system as we discussed earlier  , we expect MT-based CLIR would still be faster due to a sparser term-document matrix. By probing multiple buckets in each hash table  , the method requires far fewer hash tables than previously proposed LSH methods. In Section 4  , we present the problem of active learning in labeling sequences with different length and propose to solve it by dynamic programming. We are building our theory by fii defining the concepts of higher level theories or formalisms in terms of our primitives and then proving their properties mechanically. The ap- plication domain of this strategy according to Vie86 are all kinds of recursion defined by means of function free Horn clauses. We then performed the same experiment over different wh-types on 2 more datasets: Training set of QALD-5's Multilingual tract only english queries and OWLS-TC. This hill-climbing search was conducted on COCOMO II data divided into pre-and post-1990 projects. Rather than over fitting to the limited number of examples  , users might be fitting a more general but less accurate model. The Cranfield paradigm of retrieval evaluation is based on a test collection consisting of three components: a set of documents  , a set of information need statements called topics  , and a set of relevance judgments. It provides a basic search grammar  , which can be used for searching  , but a server could also support other grammars as the mechanism is extensible. For the first encounter  , we search the best matching scans. With flexible GP operators and structural motif representations  , our new method is able to identify general RNA secondary motifs. The acceleration method ensures no error in the stiffness and damping terms  , but generates a fourth order transfer function which can be unstable. We can learn an extraction expression  , specifically the regular expression E 1 = α·table·tr·td·font * ·p * ·b·p * ·font *   , from these two paths. Anti-Semijoin For an anti-semijoin El I ? At this point the start position information is used to determine whether the segments occur in the correct order within the protein and if the proper gap constraints between them are met. Here  , " Architecture " is an expression of the pattern-matching sublanguage. This measure indicates how likely a method will reverse the order of a random pair of search results returned by the search engine. Our analyzer dynamically constructs the transducers described above for a grammar with regular expression functions and translates it into a context-free grammar. To bootstrap this rst training stage  , an initial state-level segmentation was obtained by a Viterbi alignment using our last evaluation system. This example implementation assumes the SAGE RL module uses Q-learning 9 . Afterwards the Q-Learning was trained. Many extension mechanisms require extensions The relationship among the EI components  , the to be written by programming the user interprogram components  , and the user interface is the face; such extensions consist of files containing key to the effective utilization of dynamic extension. We assumed that the transfer functions were of first order and used classical geometry-based approach for identifying transfer function parameters. Specifically we utilize the so-called " supervised semantic indexing " SSI approach 9. In the next experiment  , we captured the image sequence while driving a car about 2 kilometers with a stereo camera  , as shown in Fig. Search engines are widely used tool for querying unstructured data  , but there is a growing interest in incorporating structured information behind the "simple" search interface. The most time consuming step of the experimental design and fabrication of self-folding structures was the physical construction of the self-folding sheets. Rating imputation measures success at filling in the missing values. In this section we present an overview of transformation based algebraic query optimization  , and show how the optimization of scientific computations fits into this framework. Each strategy generates its own tj given source term si. " Each pattern comprises a regular expression re and a feature f . On each of these pages  , each of the regular search results and links in the data augmenting the search is sent through a redirector which records the search query  , the link and which section of the page the link was on. Genetic Programming has been widely used and proved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management 119. As in the previous case  , there is no correlation between the contribution measure and reader counts  , which is confirmed by Pearson r = 0.0444. To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . The following pairwise features can also be considered  , although they are not used in our experiments. After the candidate scene is selected by the priority-rating strategy  , its SIFT features are stored in a kd-tree and the best-bin-first strategy is used to search feature matches. To give the optimizer more transformation choices  , relational query optimization techniques first expand all views referenced in a query and then apply cost-based optimization strategies on the fully expanded query 16 22 . We do not allow a sort to increase or decrease its work space arbitrarily but restrict the size to be within a specified range. Using this value for C in the derived transfer function The capacitor's recommended value is given as 0.022 uF. These seem to be rare in JavaScript programs—we have not encountered any in the applications in §7—and therefore serve as a diagnostic to the developer. In parallel  , semantic similarity measures have been developed in the field of information retrieval  , e.g. Wang  In general  , every similarity query is a range query given an arbitrarily specified range we shall introduce one more element of complexity later. First  , our sequences are much more compact than their extended signatures because of firstFollowing and firstAncestor nodes. If there is a significant influence effect then we expect the attribute values in t + 1 will depend on the link structure in t. On the other hand  , if there is a significant homophily effect then we expect the link structure in t + 1 will depend on the attributes in t. If either influence or homophily effects are present in the data  , the data will exhibit relational autocorrelation at any given time step t. Relational autocorrelation refers to a statistical dependency between values of the same variable on related objects—it involves a set of related instance pairs  , a variable X defined on the nodes in the pairs  , and it corresponds to the correlation between the values of X on pairs of related instances. A pairwise feature between two queries could be the similarity of their search results. The three search requests result in a search response that is a list of brief descriptions of zetoc records matching the search. Because NDCG focuses on ranking for top pairs  , it is extensively used to measure and compare the performances of rankers or search engines. It is worth noting that although we have only used S- PLSA for the purpose of prediction in this work  , it is indeed a model general enough to be applied to other scenarios. proposed the Incremental-DBSCAN in 2. Thus Similarity-Seeker avoids the out-of-memory sort-merge performed by All-IPs with all the associated I/O and computational overheads. We sampled a query log and pair queries with documents from an annotated collection  , such as a web directory  , whose edited titles exactly match the query. All interested merchants have then the possibility of electronically publishing and consuming this authoritative manufacturer data to enhance their product offerings relying on widely adopted product strong identifiers such as EAN  , GTIN  , or MPN. We randomly selected 894 new Q&A pairs from the Naver collection and manually judged the quality of the answers in the same way. In this paper  , we study the vector offset technique in the context of the CLSM outputs. After fitting this model  , we use the parameters associated with each article to estimate it's quality. To handle our real k-gram vectors  , we first transfer each real-valued weight to a binary vector as suggested by Gionis et al. The fuzzy-logic controller is adopted as an anti-swing controller. We present two methods for estimating term similarity. 243–318 for an introduction. Jordan and Rumelhart proposed a composite learning system as shown in Unfortunately   , the relationship between the actions and the outcomes is unknown Q priori  , that is  , we don't know the mathematical function that represents the envi- ronment. Simulated annealing is a capable of crossing local minima and locating the global minimum 6. The latter join is implemented as a three-way mid 4 -outer sort-merge join. Our ideas are implemented in the DB2 family. Despite this partial exploitation of the potential of the CS in providing virtual views of the DL  , its introduction has brought a number of other important advantages to the CYCLADES users. An alignment path of maximum similarity is determined from this matrix via dynamic programming. We introduce a new loss function that emphasizes certain query-document pairs for better optimization. While most existing studies have concentrated on CLIR between English and one or more European languages  , there is a need to develop methods for CLIR between European and Asian languages . It was seen that the derived transfer function agreed identically with the analytic optimal spring solution presented. The imitation game balances the perceived challenges with the perceived skills of the child and proves to be challenging for the children. When the user presses the search button in the side toolbar  , or presses " Control-S " on a keyboard  , the document goes into search mode. A few proposals exist for evaluating transitive closures in distributed database systems 1 ,9 ,22 . Applying MLE to graph model fitting  , however  , is very difficult. Steady trending means a good performance on model robustness. In future we plan to make more comparison of our image representation and other descriptors  , such as SIFT and HOG. The triple pattern matching operator transforms a logical RDF stream into a logical data stream  , i.e. 27  introduces a rank-join operator that can be deployed in existing query execution interfaces. To ensure inter-reliability  , the researchers tested 10 websites respectively  , and then conducted cross-checks. The results of fitting the heteroscedastic model in the data can be viewed below  , > summarylme2 Apart from the random and fixed effects section  , there is a Variance function section. The word segmentation is performed based on maximizing the segmented token probability via dynamic programming. In other words  , it would never be computationally possible to apply a semantic relevance check to millions of components. If the relative degree of the transfer function is not well-defined  , the performance of a controller designed using this model can be affected. On the other hand  , our pattern matching approach is more suitable for determining supporting documents and is therefore the preferable approach for answer projection. Using the notion of the context  , we can develop a probabilistic context-based retrieval model 2. Here  , the authors start from a bid proportional auction resource allocation model and propose an incomplete common information model where one bidder does not know how much the others would like to pay for the computing resource. Moreover  , these similarity values depend on the information retrieval system to which the queries are directed; for the same pair of search request formulations  , the similarity coefficient values will vary significantly  , according to the variations in the document set subject matter of the systems considered. PORE is a holistic pattern matching approach  , which has been implemented for relation-instance extraction from Wikipedia. Game theory provides a natural framework for solving problems with uncertainty. Therefore  , we modify the standard dynamic programming to handle real-valued matching similarity. Using the developed scaling laws 12  , the controller transfer function 11s scaled and applied to both of the dimensional SFL systems described at the beginning of the section. Our query language permits several  , possibly interrelated  , path expressions in a single query  , along with other query constructs. We follow recent successes with word embedding similarity and use in this work: The closer the function's value is to 1 the more similar the two terms are. The one-dimensional Fast Fourier Transform is then applied to this array. Broad match candidates are found by calculating cosine similarity between the context query vector the content ad vectors. One of the well-known uni-modal hashing method is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 2  , which uses random projections to obtain the hash functions. The former reuses hypergraphs/lattices produced with the MIRA-tuned weights and applies new weights to find an alternative  , CLIR-optimized  , derivation. Note that the query is not optimized consecutively otherwise it is no different from existing techniques. Normally  , the For the detection of the same object rotated around the z-axis of the image plane  , the template has to be rotated and searched from scratch. The construction resembles that of an automaton for a regular expression. Doing much of the query optimization in the query language translator also helps in keeping the LSL interpreter as simple as possible. Section 5 shows some experiment results and we made our conclusion in Section 6. To make sure that all participants see the same SERP in each search task  , we provided a fixed initial query and its corresponding first result page from a popular commercial search engine the same one which provides search logs for each task. Different mechanisms exist  , of which ASML uses the explicit control-flow transfer variant: if a root error is encountered  , the error variable is assigned a constant see lines 6 − 9  , the function logs the error  , stops executing its normal behaviour  , and notifies its caller of the error. Thus they push relevant DRs from the result list. These patterns are written in a regular-expression-like language where tokens can be: Resporator runs after the previously described annotators   , so quantities that the other annotators detect can be represented as quantities in the Resporator patterns. For write effects  , we give the starting points for both objects and the regular expressions for the paths. Using deviance measures  , e.g. Side constraints such as fuel limits or specific time-of-arrival may be placed on the FOM calculation. To assess the theoretical suitability of different folksonomies for decentralized search we plot the distance distribution first. Emotion Words. At every region knowledge wurces are act ivatad consecutively completing alternative query evaluation plans. This shows that the image-based techniques are more flexible to data fitting and local inaccuracies of the model than the geometric-based approaches  , which impose a rigid transformation . Advantages of these schemes include the ability to segment non convex shapes  , identify noise  , and automatically estimate the number of partitions in a data set. Blog post opinion retrieval is the problem of finding blog posts that express opinion about a given query topic. The last section summarizes this work and outlines directions for future work. To date  , product master data is typically passed along the value chain using Business to Business B2B channels based on Electronic Data Interchange EDI standards such as BMEcat catalog from the German Federal Association for Materials Management  , Purchasing and Logistics 3  12. Table 2 summarizes results obtained by conc-PLSA  , Fusion- LM and voted-PLSA averaged over five languages and 10  ferent initializations. Similar probabilistic model is also proposed in 24  , but this model focuses in parsing noun phrases thus not generally applicable to web queries. Since each Ik has an upper bound i.e. Score normalisation is not necessary for the web task  , but is relevant for other tasks like CLIR and topic tracking. In this work  , we propose the Time Varying Relational Classifier TVRC framework—a novel approach to incorporating temporal dependencies into statistical relational models. As mentioned in section 2.4  , however  , because related parameters are not tuned for RL3 and RL4 in our runs  , results reported in this section may not indicate the optimized results for each method. It is fascinating that the typical ρ i for the individuals of seven of our eight datasets is approximately 1  , the same slope generated by the SFP model. The MAP were cross-language runs  , not monolingual runs. 7+ is the operator of a regular expression meaning at least one occurrence. In ROBE81 a similar retrieval model  , the 80 251 called two-poisson-independence TPI model is described. Taking advantage of the theorem of separated axis lo  , real-time accurate and fast collision detection among moving geometrical models can be achieved. The 'Initial Repair' heading reports timing information for the genetic programming phase and does not include the time for repair minimization. When ρ =ρ r the transfer function of vergence will become 0; in this case all types of vergence eye movements will disappear. The translation resource was EuroWordNet  , a multilingual thesaurus consisting of WordNets for various European languages including those used in TREC CLIR queries 20. The searching contains -a subject oriented browsing -a search for authors  , titles and other relevant bibliographic information -a subject oriented search in different information resources. The key is to define output variables so that the transfer function is passive. The transfer function relates the joint position in radians to the command signal in counts with a 12-bit D/A board. It has been shown that  , depending on the structure of the search space  , in some applications it may outperform techniques based on local search 7. In particular  , obtaining the desired cloth configuration is a key element to the success of this task. As such  , the framework can be used to measure page access performance associated with using different indexes and index types to answer certain classes of optimization queries  , in order to determine which structures can most effectively answer the optimization query type. For the random forest approach  , we used a single attribute  , 2 attributes and log 2 n + 1 attributes which will be abbreviated as Random Forests-lg in the following. The first optimization is to suggest associated popular query terms to the user corresponding to a search query. From the above results  , we conclude that the introduction of the LSTM block helps to improve the learning abilities of the neural click models. First one  , we transform the data into Frequency domain utilizing the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , obtain the derivative using the Fourier spectral method  , and perform inverse FFT to find the derivative in real time domain. In contrast  , the positional error of the developed micro transfer arm is represented in a simple form as a function of only arm length. To our knowledge  , this is the first time such a Multi-Start/Iterated Local Search scheme 7 has been combined with OLS. Reeulta were collected for the improved version of the BC heurietic M well. NN-search is a common way to implement similarity search. In traditional search engine architecture using HDD in the document servers  , the latency from receiving the query and document list from the web server to the return of the query result is dominated by the k random read operations that seek the k documents from the HDD see Figure 9a. We obtained monolingual baselines for each language pair by retrieving documents with TD queries formulated from search topics that are expressed in the same language as the documents. We do not present an exhaustive case study. The state space consists of the initial state and the states that can be transited by generated actions. Additionally  , we plan to experiment with re-ranking the results returned by the Lucene search engine using cosine similarity in order to maintain consistency with the relevance similarity method used in scenario A. To date  , work on statistical relational models has focused primarily on static snapshots of relational datasets even though most relational domains have temporal dynamics that are important to model. In this way  , the problem of similarity search is transformed to an interval search problem. But  , this can only be done experimentally. Our approach to CLIR takes advantage of machine translation MT to prepare a source-language query for use in a target-language retrieval task. However  , semantic optimization increases the search space of possible plans by an order of magnitude  , and very ellicient searching techniques are needed to keep .the cost'of optimization within reasonable limits. Similar trends are also found in individual query per- formances. Regular expression matching is naturally computationally expensive. For comparison purposes  , the corresponding results for the knowledge-based controller and the Q-learning controller are reported in columns a and b  , respectively. To be efficient and scalable  , Frecpo prunes the futile branches and narrows the search space sharply. For more sophisticated rules  , cost functions were needed Sma97  to choose among many alternative query plans. The procedure uses the individual energy consumption values for each grid side. We emphasize that a pre-search context  , by definition  , is just prior to the search but does not necessarily trigger it. There has been an intensive effort 7 over the last two decades to speedup similarity search in metric spaces. We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise activity similarity information. The use of the fast Fourier transform and the necessity to iterate to obtain the required solution preclude this method from being used in real time control. Next we model the O2 concentration signal based on all inputs  , but WIA2 fuel mass and SIC2 feeding screw rpm measurements were replaced by the estimated mass flow signal see Fig. In this paper  , we presented Tweet2Vec  , a novel method for generating general-purpose vector representation of tweets  , using a character-level CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder architecture . The most notable improvements over previous versions are the support of external catalogs and multiple languages  , and the consistent renaming of the ambiguous term ARTICLE to PRODUCT. In many cases the contact positions had to be heavily adjusted to fulfill reachability. The result is empty  , if negatively matched statements are known to be negative. A cutoff value of 0.5 was used for the three semantic relevance approaches. For example  , producible impact force is input  , a safety strategy is a factor  , its danger index is transfer function  , and injury to a human is output. Results  , measured using Pearson correlation over the 10 folds and both data sets are presented in Table 2a. Equation 1 gives the recurrence relation for extending the LCS length for each prefix pair Computed LCS lengths are stored in a matrix and are used later in finding the LCS length for longer prefixes – dynamic programming. Secondly  , when each design team turned to the problem of realizing their switching or transfer function or state table  , there would be many more analytical techniques at their disposal. Therefore  , the system works in stages: it ranks all sentences using centroid-based ranking and soft pattern matching  , and takes the top ranked sentences as candidate definition sentences. Therefore  , we need to convert a triple pattern into a set of coordinates in data space  , using the same hash functions that we used for index creation  , to obtain coordinates for a given RDF triple. Similiar to interface automata 8   , UCML takes an optimistic view on compatibility   , that means  , interfaces do not have to be a perfect match to be compatible  , but in contrast to interface automata this is not achieved by finding an environment which is compatible via the game theory. Many models for ranking functions have been proposed previously  , including vector space model 43   , probabilistic model 41 and language model 35 . Suppose that a structurally recursive query Q is transformed into Q T by the structural function inlining with respect to type information T . Therefore in the University of Tampere we have adopted the dictionary-based method for our CLIR studies. In order to extract the motions required for performing dynamic folding of the cloth  , we first analyze the dynamic folding performed by a human subject. Despite this progress in the development of formal retrieval models  , good empirical performance rarely comes directly from a theoretically well-motivated model; rather  , Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Q-learning incrementally builds a model that represents how the application can be used. For similarity search and substructure search  , to evaluate the search results ranked by the scoring function  , enough domain knowledge is required. After the integration  , we can maximize the following log-likelihood function with the relative weight λ. Intuitively this means that some classification information is lost after C  , is eliminated. As the responses of each game partner were randomized unknowingly to the participants  , the attribution of intention or will to an opponent i.e. This is an important optimization since indeed the volumes in each time interval yield a sparse vector. Recently  , the different types of Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Phrasal translation approach 17  , 11 was inspected for improving CLIR performance. Ballesteros and Croft 1997 studied the effect of corpus-based query expansion on CLIR performance  , and found that expansion helped to counteract the negative effects of translation failures. In CLIR  , we need a relevance model for both the source language and the target language. Basic pattern matching now considers quadruples and it annotates variable assignments from basic matches with atomic statements from S and variable assignments from complex matches with Boolean formulae F ∈ F over S . In this work  , we first classify search results  , and then use their classifications directly to classify the original query. We employ the relative influence spread  , i.e. In the right-hand side expression of an assignment  , every identifier must either be a relation variable and have been previously assigned a relation  , or it must be a string variable and have been previously assigned a string  , or it must be an attribute that is quantified or occurs free. In Snowball  , the generated patterns are mainly based on keyword matching. In our case this is computationally intractable; the partition function Zz sums over the very large space of all hidden variables. 2shows that the actuator signal  , r d   , can be reconstructed from the control input signal U and the identified actuator transfer function H . In this paper  , we present a Cross Term Retrieval model  , denoted as CRTER  , to model the associations among query terms in probabilistic retrieval models. in the context of identifying nearduplicate web pages 4. 1  , I measured the between-within variance for the 10 blogs in the dataset on estimated values for the trust  , liking  , involvement and benevolence latent variables. Through training  , each pattern is assigned the probability that the matching text contains the correct answer. This work investigates the effect of the following techniques in reducing HTML document size  , both individually and in combination:  general tidying-up of document  , removal of proprietary tags  , folding of whitespace; Because the HTML under consideration is automatically generated and fits the DTD  , the parser need not be able to handle incorrect HTML; it can be much less robust than the parsers used by web browsers. Question 4 presented a mimic search box and asked the subject to input an appropriate query into the search box to find documents relevant to the search intent presented in Question 3. The resulting frequency spectra are plotted for pitch and roll in Fig. Learning is completely data-driven and has therefore no explicit model knowledge about the robot platform. Our experiments with an English-French test collection for which a large number of topics are available showed that CLIR using bidirectional translation knowledge together with statistical synonymy significantly outperformed CLIR in which only unidirectional translation knowledge was exploited  , achieving CLIR effectiveness comparable to monolingual effectiveness under similar conditions. In the case that the towel is originally held by a long side  , the table is used to spread out and regrasp the towel in the short side configuration  , from which point folding proceeds as if the short side had been held originally. Our approaches R-LTR-NTN and PAMM-NTN with the settings of using the PLSA or doc2vec as document representations are denoted with the corresponding subscripts. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from data TransC i  for all the individual customer models and compare its performance with the performance of function 1 estimated from the transactional data for the whole customer base. These studies were all large scale analyses based on random query streams  , but none focused on abandoned queries. For patterns longer than 50 characters  , this version never reported a match. Later  , several papers such as 2 and 3 suggested to exploit measures for the importance of a webpage such as authority and hub ranks based on the link structure of the world-wide-web to order the crawl frontier. For the Cross-Lingual Arabic Information retrieval  , our automatic effort concentrated on the two categories; English-Arabic Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR and monolingual information retrieval. a variable for the solving method. In particular  , AutoBlackTest uses Q-learning. The anomaly score is simply defined as autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. As shown in Figure 1  , the auxiliary word embeddings utilized in GPU-DMM is pre-learned using the state-of-the-art word embedding techniques from large document collections.   , denotes the Pearson correlation of user and user . Current methods of solving this problem have difficulty in tuning parameters and handling terms that are not registered in a dictionary  , when applied to large-scale and/or distributed digital libraries. It worked opposite the various databases during performance of the search. There are many ways to find optimal trajectories  , including using Pontryagin's Minimum PrinciplelS  , gradient descent9  , dynamic programming  , and direct search. The Pearson correlation between the actual average precision to the predicted average precision using JSD distances was 0.362. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search  , and syntactic dependency matching . The position model used in this research is a 20 degree of freedom DOF lumped-spring-mass-damper model based on the work of Oakley 16. A more effective method of handling natural question queries was developed recently by Lu et al.  Introduction of Learning Method: "a-Learning" Althongh therc are several possible lcarning mcthods that could be used in this system  , we employed the Q-learning method 6. In order to mitigate the problems that are a result of the depth first search we use  , we generated tests with different seeds for the random number generator: for each test case specification  , fifteen test suites with different seeds were computed. The task we have defined is to travel to a destination while obeying gait constraints. For a variable  , we can specify its type or a regular expression representing its value. In this study we presented a novel fuzzy translation technique based on automatically generated transformation rules and fuzzy matching. Condition 2 Search time ratio: The time of search within each consequent search disc is greater than the time of search within the previous search disc. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest. call this distributed out-of-core sort. Recursive splitting due to parent page overflows are handled in the same way. engines and are very short  , nonnegligible surfing may still be occurring without support from search engines. The sorted data items in these buffers are next merge-sorted into a single run and written out to disk along with the tags. Both CLIR and CLTC are based on some computation of the similarity between texts  , comparing documents with queries or class profiles. The regular expression states that a noun phrase can be a combination of common noun  , proper noun and numeral  , which begins with common or proper noun. The benefit is that it is much safer to incrementally add highly informative but strongly correlated features such as exact phrase match  , match with and without stemming  , etc. The rule retrieve means that a document should be retrieved when it is about 'databases' or 'retrieval'. We present our applied approach  , detailed system implementation and experimental results in the context of Facebook in Section 6. Accordingly  , each environment of four levels is regarded as antigens and each of these strategies is regarded as antibodies. For instance   , NN queries over an attribute set A can be considered as model-based optimization queries with F  θ  , A as the distance function e.g. The query suggestion component involves random walks and can be configured to consider the most recent n queries. A search concept was defined as a unit of information that represents an elementary class e.g. Likewise  , the pattern-matching language in REFINE provides a powerful unification facility   , but this appears to be undecidable—no published results are available about the expressive power of its pattern-matching language. Model-based approaches group together different users in the training database into a small number of classes based on their rating patterns. For example  , the pattern language for Java names allows glob-style wildcards  , with " * " matching a letter sequence and "  ? " Lack of Strategies for Applying Possibly Overlapping Optimization Techniques. Another cause for materialization is backward navigation that cannot be transformed into forward navigation. When the semantic relevance is calculated  , however  , the equation takes into account all the interpretation words including talking or church or play. This study has also been motivated by recent results on flexible buffer allocation NFSSl  , FNSSl. The 90 th percentile say of the random contrasts variable importances is calculated. The geometric mean has a nice interpretation as the reciprocal of the average likelihood of the dataset being generated by the model  , assuming that the individual samples are i.i.d. In the simple similarity search interface  , a user can type a single keyword or multiple keywords  , and our system will return the relevant services to the user. However  , the discussion of optimization using a functional or text index is beyond the scope of this paper. Early signs of such trends are visible with Google and Microsoft providing Twitter based search results for real-time events  , and exponential growth of tools like Yelp and Foursquare. The original case rules are specialized for each possible type  , and the resulting case rules introduce two new recursive function calls 3 and 5. The conventional approach to query optimization is to examine each query in isolation and select the execution plan with the minimal cost based on some predcfincd cost flmction of I0 and CPU requirements to execute the query S&79. for a minimal functional language with string concatenation and pattern matching over strings 23. They considered that there were other ways of representing the same texts using different markup languages and that limitations in the Consortium's view needed to be evaluated: Fit for purpose as it emerges here is not about fitting a model or matching a markup language to the requirements of specific projects  , it is a general quality of fitness to the strategic objectives for documentation over time. As will be argued in Subsection 2.2  , hash-based search methods operationalize—apparently or hidden—a means for embedding high-dimensional vectors into a low-dimensional space. Particularly  , they incorporate dictionaries   , bilingual corpora  , or the Web to estimate the probability of translation ptj|si  , Qs. This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . Full-text search engines typically use Cosine Similarity to measure the matching degree of the query vector ¯ q with document vectors ¯ The basic idea underlying our approach is to associate a textual representation to each metric object of the database so that the inverted index produced by Lucene looks like the one presented above and that its built-in similarity function behaves like the Spearman Similarity rank correlation used to compare ordered lists. By contrast  , the nearly 2.7 million product instances from the crawl only contain eleven properties on average. function for pseudo-elements; in practice it might be more advantageous to implement it iteratively as a special case. We can estimate a grouping's search accuracy through simulation using training data. Using deep learning approaches for recommendation systems has recently received many attentions 20  , 21  , 22. Therefore  , we cannot draw a firm conclusion about the retrieval advantage of probabilistic CLIR without further study. First  , by encoding real-valued data vectors into compact binary codes  , hashing makes efficient in-memory storage of massive data feasible. The basic LSH indexing method 17 only checks the buckets to which the query object is hashed and usually requires a large number of hash tables hundreds to achieve good search quality. However  , some studies suggest that different methods for measuring the similarity between short segments of text i.e search queries and tags 9  , 12. Note: ‡ indicates p-value<0.05 compared to MPC These results are consistent with that observed in normal traffic  , confirming the superiority of our TDCM model on relevance modeling. This board has DMA function that transfer data at once 128~11 x l6bit ,s Table 1shows specifications of the board. Both entailment and designation have relevance for the Semantic Web: entailment relating to what can be concluded from what is already known  , and designation relates to establishing the connection between symbols in a formal system and what they represent. Mutually recursive functions can be handled easily  , since we can always transform a set of mutually recursive functions into a single recursive function with an additional " selection " parameter. As of now we do not perform any person specific disambiguation however one could treat acknowledged persons as coauthors and use random forest based author disambiguation 30 . We would also have to consider 6DOF poses  , complicating the approach considerably. For some scenarios  , our strategies yield provably optimal plans; for others the strategies are heuristic ones. This method is well suited for real time tracking applications. However  , this work has focused primarily on modeling static relational data. The probability that a target exists is modeled as a decay function based upon when the target was most recently seen  , and by whom. This means that blog posts are modeled using a single QLM. The second probabilistic model goes a step further and takes into account the content similarities among passages. Table 1reports the precision  , recall and F-measure calculated for the proposed method. The method is based on: i a novel positional document object model that represents both spatial and visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of Web browser in rendered Deep Web pages; ii a novel visual similarity measure that exploit the rectangular cardinal relation spatial model for computing visual similarity between nodes of the PDOM. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query generated from a document 9. Let us assume that the attack pattern for this vulnerability is specified using the following regular expression Σ * < Σ * where Σ denotes any ASCII character. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , overtraining is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. The regular expression rules are sensitive to text variations and the need for the user to come up with markup rules can limit GoldenGATE's application. We utilize the Clarke Tax mechanism that maximizes the social utility function by encouraging truthfulness among the individuals  , regardless of other individuals choices. Two approaches can be distinguished: 1. translation-based systems either translate queries into the document language or languages  , or they translate documents into the query language 2. Yet  , there was also a considerable difference between the two ratings: the average absolute value of this difference for a given topic by a given person was 0.72 stdev: 0.86. The mean of this combined likelihood function will lie over the fingertips  , as desired: p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. ReadUp provides a search mechanism modelled on the incremental text search mode of GNU Emacs 19. Additionally  , we show 3 author name variations corresponding to the same person with their probability for each topic. Also by merging smaller MDNs  , we increase the number of URLs corresponding to each central server  , which helps to generate more generic signatures. The search node is dis-played as a textbox for full text search. In this paper we consider a specific bi-language DL—the Niupepa 1 collection—and examine how the default language setting of the DL interface affects usage. Standard generalization bounds for our proposed classifier can readily be derived in terms of the correlation between the trees in the forest and the prediction accuracy of individual trees. First  , unless programming tools can quickly support the constantly evolving requirements of dynamic web applications  , we will always be tempted to expose to developers the lower level client-side scripting and server-side generative code used in web pages. The Arizona Noun Phraser developed at the University of Arizona is the indexing tool used to index the key phrases that appear in each document collected from the Internet by the Internet Spiders. For instance  , dynamic possibilities for creating and referencing objects are desirable in implementation languages  , but are excluded from Unity  , in order to keep the associated programming logic simple. Each edge in the original crease structure is thus mapped to a new crease structure capable of folding into the desired angle. ll1is method is an appr oximate dynamic pro­ gramming method in which only value updating is per­ formed based on local informa tion. Several meta-search engines exist e.g. This paper defines a linguistically motivated model of full text information retrieval. To perform a matching operation with respect to a contiguous word phrase  , two approaches are possible. We used joule heating from resistive circuit traces because as wide as possible to reduce resistance  , preventing unintended heating. λU   , λI are the regularization parameters. Ogden and Davis 19 were among the first to study the utility of CLIR systems in interactive settings. We choose questions from two standard Q&A questions and answers test sets  , namely  , QALD and WebQuestions as query contexts and ask a group of users to construct queries complying with these questions and check the results with the answers in the test sets. To build the plan we use logical and physical query optimization. Popular email applications like Google Inbox 4  and Thun- derbird 6 display search results by relevance. it changes the schema of the contained elements. Therefore the semantic operation apply -and thus also vwly -is a partial recursive function in every minimally defined model of Q LFINSET. Therefore  , Miller-Charles ratings can be considered as a reliable benchmark for evaluating semantic similarity measures. In this paper  , we proposed three classification models accounting for non-stationary autocorrelation in relational data. The predefined queries were designed in a way to return relatively long search results lists. In short  , while these approaches focus on the mining of various entities for different social media search applications  , the interaction among entities is not exploited. A regular expression r is single occurrence if every element name occurs at most once in it. Join indexes can now be fully described. However  , this requires that the environment appropriately associate branch counts and other information with the source or that all experiments that yield that information be redone each time the source changes. For the importance of time in repeat consumption  , we show that the situation is complex. Therefore  , there is no way to model actions that reduce uncertainty. All of the correlation values exceed 0.6  , and therefore are statistically highly significant. It may be the case that learning models is easier than learning Q functions  , as models can be learned in a supervised manner and may be smoother or less complex than Q functions. We formulate a combination of the new semantic change measure and the relevance prediction from the enhanced classifier to produce a normalized quantifiable intention strength measure ranging from -1.0 to 1.0 past to current intention  , respectively. Most data visualizations  , or other uses of audio data begin by calculating a discrete Fourier transform by means of a Fast Fourier Transform. In the hybrid SSH  , localization by hill-climbing is replaced by localization in an LPIM. Since there is no guarantee of a unique extremum in the cost function   , a method like simulated annealing can be used to optimize the cost function 22. We cannot assume any information about the searcher  , and cannot provide a personalized search for this user 1 . In the cast of sort-merge joins  , queries could hc divided into small  , medium and large classes hascd on the size of the memory needed for sorting the relations. According to the best of our knowledge  , this is the first paper that describes an end-to-end system for answering fact lookup queries in search engines. Instructions associated to a pattern that matches that node need to be re-evaluated. For relevant task  , a multi-field relevance ranking based on probabilistic retrieval model has been used. Having validated the proposed semantic similarity measure   , in Section 4 we begin to explore the question of applications   , namely how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. We also performed experiments to understand the effect of contextual and regular expression features; the combined set performs best  , as expected. Once a transfer function is shown to be passive  , the system can be stabilized easily using the following theorem. Only the title and description fields of the topics were used in query formulation. In this paper  , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. Egomath is a text-based math search engine on Wikipedia. After we sort the succeeding samples at each node in the tree  , the last several branches are likely to be pruned by strategy 3 because they contain only those samples that have the least increase in coverage. Moreover  , the fiction loss is very small due to the direct wire insertion from each unit to the ann  , which requires no wire folding  , and also the number of degrees of freedom can be easily increased thanks to the unit-type structure. The model supports probabilistic indexing 9  , however we implement a simplified version in which only estimates of O or 1 are used for the probability that a document has a feature. Combining all three resources seems to be a relatively safe choice: it improves significantly over the pLSA run on two out of the three topic sets  , and on the third topic set  , although the difference is not statistically significant with a Table 5 : Comparing LapPLSA and pLSA. The random test case generation technique requires ranges within which to randomly select input values  , and the chaining technique needs to know the edge of its search space. Explicitly expressing term dependency relations has produced good results in monolingual retrieval 9  , 18   , but extending that idea to CLIR has not proven to be straightforward. Thus the system has to perform plan migration after the query optimization. The approach taken in this paper suggests a framework for understanding user behavior in terms of demographic features determined through unsupervised modeling. The shapes of the bodies are various for each person. During the query optimization phase  , each query is broken down into a number of subqueries on the fragments . A truly robust solution needs to include other techniques  , such as machine learning applied to instances  , natural language technology  , and pattern matching to reuse known matches. Note that the PLSA model allows multiple topics per user  , reflecting the fact that each user has lots of interest. Instead of adhering to the standard 3-letter code  , they often provide different representations of unit symbols  , e.g. In real-world applications we may have data sets where implicit rating observations are available in large quantities   , but the rating component is missing at random. One of the most well-known approaches within this group is support vector machine active learning developed by Tong and Koller 31. As shown in Table 1  , the ranking of the engines is nearly identical for each directory  , having a .93 Pearson correlation. 1 We learn the mapping Θ by maximizing the likelihood of the observed times τi→j. Results from our integrated approach outperformed baseline results and exceeded the top results reported at the TREC forum  , demonstrating the efficacy of our approach. In doing this  , we hope to exploit the strength of machine learning to quantify the improvement of the proposed features. In the function  , two similarity measures are used. The life-cycle model uses a regular expression whose alphabet reprc· sents a set of events. This shows that both the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the language modeling approach to retrieval are special cases of the risk minimization framework. Our experiments show that query-log alone is often inadequate  , combining query-logs  , web tables and transitivity in a principled global optimization achieves the best performance. They investigate the applicability of common query optimization techniques to answer tree-pattern queries. In particular  , if the user intends to perform CLIR  , then original query is even more likely to have its correspondent included in the target language query log. The results indicate that the improvements of R-LTR-NTN plsa and R-LTR-NTN doc2vec over R- LTR are significant p-value < 0.05  , in terms of all of the performance measures. The expectation is that the search engine will retrieve all courses matching the query and will display them ranked based on their similarity to the input. In particular  , kernel-based LSH KLSH 23  was recently proposed to overcome the limitation of the regular LSH technique that often assumes the data come from a multidimensional vector space and the underlying embedding of the data must be explicitly known and computable. Despite the various types of resources used  , out-of-vocabulary OOV words and translation disambiguation are the two major bottlenecks for CLIR 20. Each print statement has as argument a relational expression   , with possibly some free occurrences of attributes. Thus we have arrived at the following method for detecting anomalies in a program with flowchart G. Let R be the regular expression for the paths in G. R may be mapped into an expression E in A where the node identifiers are replaced by the elements of A that represent the variable usage. Our demonstration also includes showing the robustness POP adds to query optimization for these sources of errors. It is variously called fitness  , valuation  , and cost. The pre-search context  , as we defined  , is the search context that is prior to a search task and could trigger the search; in-search context is the search context during a search task  , such as query reformulation and user clickthrough during a search session. The control of a flexible link based on its passive transfer function is just like the control of a rigid link even though the sensor and the actuator are located at different positions along the link. As shown in 131 it is found that the colocated transfer function motor tachometer is characterized by a set of alternating zeroes and poles slightly on the left of the j w axis while the noncolocated transfer function tip accelerometer is non-minimum phase with right-half plane zeros. Specifically  , this paper has the following contributions:  We develop a supervised classification methodology with NLP features to outperform a deep learning approach . Let V denote the grouping attributes mentioned in the group by clause. is equal to the probability density function reflecting the likelihood that the reachability-distance of p w.r.t. For mathematical convenience  , l=lnL  , the loglikelihood  , is usually the function to be maximized. This behavior promotes the local cache. In the following sections  , we only considered these 490 regular selections and 299 random mentions. We have found that for our data set JCBB 21  , where the likelihood function is based on the Mahalanobis distance and number of associations is sufficient  , however other likelihood models could be used. For convenience  , we work with logarithms: The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. Here  , we propose a semantic relevance measure which outputs relevancy values of each pictogram when a pictogram interpretation is given. They are comprised of cascades of regular expression patterns   , that capture among other things: base noun phrases  , single-level  , two-level  , and recursive noun phrases  , prepositional phrases  , relative clauses  , and tensed verbs with modals. 5 to regularize the implicit topic model. The sensor model for stationary objects can then be expressed as the dual function of the sensor model for moving objects  , which can be written as On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. b With the learned mapping matrices W q and W v   , queries and images are projected into this latent subspace and then the distance in the latent subspace is directly taken as the relevance of query-image. 25 studied a particular case in session search where the search topics are intrinsically diversified. In the first paper  , it was put forward that Q-learning could be used at any level of the control hierarchy. We do not address xtract as Table 1already shows that even for small data sets xtract produces suboptimal results. By doing The components of the resultant forceslmoments at the robot joints a a part due to velocity and gravity terms function of position and Even for the frictioniess problem  , a recursive  , and not the explicit form of the analytical equations which describe the robot dynamics  , is preferable for a numerical implementation. a suite of state-of-the-art search techniques through a user-friendly interface. In order to address these concerns  , we propose to represent contexts of entities in documents using word embeddings. In summary  , our variant of mergesort has three phases: an in-buffer sort phase which sorts data within a buffer  , an in-memory merge phase which produces runs by merging sorted buffers  , and an external merge phase which merges sorted runs. Intuitively  , increases as the increase of   , while decreases as the increase of . Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. For the same mass  , we could use either a 30pm thick cantilever   , 1 mm wide  , with cross-sectional moment of Figure 6  , the 4 bar mechanism including box beam links and flexural joints can be fabricated by folding a sheet of photo-etched or laser cut stainless steel. In addition  , the factor representation obtained by PLSA allows to deal with polysemous words and to explicitly distinguish between diierent meanings and diierent t ypes of word usage. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. Besides using statistical features such as term frequency  , proximity and relative position to the question key words  , our methods also include syntactic information derived through parsing  , and semantic features like word senses  , POS tagging and keyword expansion etc. Our model also outperforms a deep learning based model while avoiding the problem of having to retrain embeddings on every iteration. The problem solving task is defined as any learning task where the system receives a reward only upon entering a goal state. The organization of this paper is described as follows . In addition  , similar to other search-based software engineering SBSE 15  , 14 approaches  , genetic programming often suffers from the computationally expensive cost caused by fitness evaluation  , a necessary activity used to distinguish between better and worse solutions. For custom parameterizations like the regular expression inference discussed above  , the user must define the cardinality function based on the parameterization. cur i u can be viewed as a curiousness score mapped from an item's stimulus on the curiosity distribution. Sideway functions and sideway values are selectively employed by users for two purposes: a User-guided query output ranking and size control. Both methods share the problem of too much generality since the pro- grammer can write anything into the loop or the function body; this severely limits query optimization. Moreover  , the search engine we employ is more in line with current clinical and Web retrieval engines and the requirements they have to fulfill. The Ad Hoc task provides a useful opportunity for us to get new people familiar with the tools that we will be using in the CLIR track|this year we submitted a single oocial Ad Hoc run using Inquery 3.1p1 with the default settings. One of the benefits of our visual notation is encapsulation. When dealing with a human figure  , the notion of naturalness will come into consideration. Surface text pattern matching has been adopted by some researchers Ravichandran & Hovy 2002  , Soubbotin 2002 in building QA system during the last few years. The driving thought behind this approach is that a completion should comply to the local patterns in the database: not just filling in what globally would lead to the highest accuracy . So  , when tackling the phrase-level sentiment classification  , we form a sentence matrix S as follows: for each token in a tweet  , we have to look up its corresponding word embedding in the word matrix W  , and the embedding for one of the two word types. Although uol. Relevance is determined by the underlying text search engine based on the common scoring metric of term frequency inverse document frequency. To investigate the scientific knowledge inherent in patent retrieval  , we also used the NTCIR-3 CLIR test collection consisting of two years of newspaper articles  , and compared the results obtained with different genres of documents. For memory-based methods such as Pearson correlation or personality diagnosis PD  , sparse FA is much faster per recommendation 50 times typical. We believe that much information about patterns can be retrieved by analyzing the names of identifiers and comments. Table 1 shows the Pearson correlation coecient between the frequency of the physical image requests in the past the training period of the experiments reported in Section 4.2 and the frequency of the same physical image requests in the future the testing period of the experiments . However  , we can compute them incrementally 7  , by using eligibility traces. We have conducted experiments including trending search detection and personalize trending search suggestion on a large-scale search log from a commercial image search engine. To cope with this challenging problem  , we leverage the search function of the G+ API to efficiently identify a large number of seemingly random users. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. Alternatively  , we can follow the hill climbing approach but it is computationally more expensive and requires more scans of the database 18. This approach has the advantage of not requiring any hand-coding but has the disadvantage of being very sensitive to the representational choices made by the source on the Semantic Web. The results shown in Table 5 compare the LR system introduced in 46 with a number of systems that use word embeddings in the one-and two-vocabulary settings  , as follows: LR+WE 1 refers to combining the one-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the six features of the LR system from 46  , LR+WE 2 refers to combining the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the LR system  , WE 1 refers to using only the one-vocabulary wordembedding-based features  , and WE 2 refers to using only the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features. The Arabic topics were used in our monolingual experiments and the English topics in our CLIR experiments. The strain gage output data were sampled at 20 kHz digitally using an IBM PC/XT with a METRABYTE Dash-16 data acquisition hardware. One explanation for these features not helping in our experiments may have been due to over-fitting the model on the relatively small data set. Unlike the univariate approach  , the tuning of covariance matrix Q has an exponential search space  , since we need to simultaneously set all diagonal elements. For retrieving newspaper articles  , we used <DESCRIPTION> and a combination of <DESCRIPTION> and <NARRATIVE>  , extracted from all 42 topics in the NTCIR-3 CLIR collection. It was shown in the PRIX system 17  that the above encoding supports ordered twig pattern matching efficiently. Figure 2illustrates how the user reranks search results in the publication search result according to the number of citing counts. Given that the choice for the realization of atomic graph patterns depends on whether the predicate is classified as being a noun phrase or a verb phrase  , we measured the accuracy i.e. They are matched to one of these C groups by applying a PLSA model on the concatenated document features. The data are suggestive  , then  , that one component of an effective retrieval approach is an effective method of interacting with the Topic Authority  , but  , with the data points we have  , we cannot establish the significance of the effect. In order to assess the value of what we have done  , we tested the usefulness of the newly derived dictionaries on a medical document collection. portant drawbacks with lineage for information exchange and query optimization using views. 5 BSBM is currently focused on SPARQL queries  , therefore we plan to develop a set of representative SPARQL/Update operations to cover all features of our approach. For implementations on a larger scale one may use external memory sorting with the two vector dynamic programming variant. The Plastic system  , proposed in GPSH02   , amortizes the cost of query optimization by reusing the plans generated by the optimizer. The basic action in such strategies is transformp  , which applies some transformation to a complete PT p. Only transformations that  , produce another complete PT in the same search space are applied. For measurement of the sensitivity transfer function matrix  , the input excitation uas supplied by the rotation of an eccentric mass mounted on the tool bit. Because the commercial versions of the dictionaries were converted automatically to CLIR versions  , with no manual changes done to the dictionaries or the translations  , the performance level of the CLIR queries achieved in the study can be achieved in practice in an operational CLIR setting. This is the major motivation to choose GP for the ranking function discovery task. A technique for translating queries indirectly using parallel corpora has been proposed by Sheridan & Ballerini 19  , 20. We design a Multi-Label Random Forest MLRF classifier whose prediction costs are logarithmic in the number of labels and which can make predictions in a few milliseconds using 10 GB of RAM. Re- search Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. N is the number of stochastic gradient descent steps. Many researchers have investigated the use of statistics for query optimization  , especially for estimating the selectivity of single-column predicates using histograms PC84  , PIH+96  , HS95 and for estimating join sizes Gel93  , IC91  , SS94 using parametric methods Chr83  , Lyn88 . Higher bounds 14GB and four hours were used for BoundedBuffer in order to evaluate the PRSS technique on a program with a larger state-space. Dictionary based CLIR was explored by several groups including New Mexico State University 8  , University of Massachusetts l  , and the Xerox Research Center Europe ll. The Reranking is performed by using a similarity measure between a query vector and a web page in the search results. When a user submits a query to a search engine through a Web browser  , the search engine returns search results corresponding to the query. We will use the attributes to ensure that the output string is of a given length and that the elements are sorted. Autonomic computing is a grand challenge  , requiring advances in several fields of science and technology  , particularly systems  , software architecture and engineering  , human-system interfaces  , policy  , modeling  , optimization  , and many branches of artificial intelligence such as planning  , learning  , knowledge representation and reasoning  , multiagent systems  , negotiation  , and emergent behavior. Specifically   , even after being learned on a wealth of training data for a user  , the system could suffer from over-fitting and " cold-start " problem for new visitors the Web site. Reusing existing GROUP BY optimization logic can yield an efficient PIVOT implementation without significant changes to existing code. In order to identify the list of instructions to re-evaluate  , a pattern matching is performed on the entire re-evaluation rules set. There is a great subclass of timed Petri nets  , called timed event graphs  , which can be formalised in the max algebra in the form of the state equation. We have implemented the entropy-based LSH indexing method. However the issue is more difficult in Chinese as many characters have the same sound  , and many English syllables do not have equivalent sounds in Chinese  , meaning that selecting the correct characters to represent a transliterated word can be problematic. Fortunately  , game theory provides numerous tools for managing outcome uncertainty 6. Patterns are sorted by question types and stored in pattern files. The types of games examined as part of game theory  , however  , tend to differ from our common notion of interactive games. Systems like EP-SPARQL 4 define pattern matching queries through a set of primitive operators e.g. For each of the detectable objects  , the Flickr classifiers output a confidence score corresponding to the probability that the object is represented in the image. This confirms that if the repair expression does not exist in other places of the program  , genetic programming based approaches have rather low chance of synthesizing the repair. The interleaving of random and symbolic techniques is the crucial insight that distinguishes hybrid concolic testing from a na¨ıvena¨ıve approach that simply runs random and concolic tests in parallel on a program. For each object of the DO plane  , an emanating relation arrow implies that in the methods section of the source object  , there is a function that generates the destination object. Note that these early work however do not consider AD relationship  , which is common for XML queries. In addition  , a random forest is very fast both in the training and making predictions  , thus making it ideal for a large scale problem such as name disambiguation. IR systems need to engage users in a diafogue and begin modeling the user -on the topics of search terms and strategies  , domain knowledge  , information-seeking and searching knowledge -before a single search term is entered -as well as throughout the search interaction. The regular expression in this example is a sequence of descriptors. For example  , to find documentlangauge synonyms  , we computed: Because statistical wordto-word translation models were available for use in our CLIR experiments  , we elected to find candidate synonyms by looking for words in the same language that were linked by a common translation. Using an error situation obtained with the sampled parameters  , a fitness unction based on the allowed recovery criteria can be defined. The inconsistent performance of PMIA and IRIE under the two diffusion models illustrates that both PMIA and IRIE are unstable. The abduction angle characterizes the angle of the finger in the palm's plane  , whereas the flexion angle corresponds to the folding of the finger in the plane perpendicular to the palm. Thus the learning rate must balance the agenL's need to unlearn incorrect old informa­ tion  , while preserving old information which was correct. Basically  , it shows how often the links with this property appear in the search results list. The main contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this paper is one of the first attempts to design a domain-specific ontology for personal photos and solve the tagging problem by transfer deep learning. The main idea of dynamic programming is captured in lines 10-15. SPE are path expressions that consist of only element or attribute names. Learning approaches based on genetic programming have been most frequently used to learn link specifications 5 ,15 ,17. If only few tuples match the join condition  , a Sort/Merge Join will need fewer disk accesses and will be faster. We can observe that for similarity search  , when more results are retrieved  , the correlation curves decrease  , while for substring search  , the correlation curves increase. and at singular points of codimension 1. provided vector U has components outside the column space of the Jacobian. The following regular expression list is a sample of answer patterns to question type " when_do_np1_vp_np2 " . function based on this metric to zero. Smoothed unigram language modeling has been developed to capture the predictive ability of individual words based on their frequency at each reading difficulty level 7. The embedding of the word vectors enables the identification of words that are used in similar contexts to a specufic word. With PLSA  , although we can still see that lots of vertices in the same community are located closely  , there aren't clear boundaries between communities. The last and final level is to utilize RaPiD7 in a full-scale software project  , and plan the documentation authoring in projects by scheduling consecutive workshops. We first fit the general model by fitting it to the general distribution of the minutes between a retweet and the original tweet. The correlation between Qrels-based measures and Trelsbased measures is extremely high. A list of over 150 positive and negative precomputed patterns is loaded into memory. In particular we concentrate on the comparison of various query translation methods. Static shared dataflows We first show how NiagaraCQ's static shared plans are imprecise. So the extracted entities are from GATE  , list or regular expression matching. We compute each input sentence's pattern matching weight by using Equation 6. Running test cases typically dominated GenProg's runtime " 22  , which is also suitable for RSRepair  , so we use the measurement of NTCE to compare the repair efficiency between GenProg and RSRepair  , which is also consistent with traditional test case prioritization techniques aiming at early finding software bugs with fewer NTCE. The used features are Root Mean Square RMS computed on time domain; Pitch computed using Fast Fourier Transform frequency domain; Pitch computed using Haar Discrete Wavelet Transform timefrequency domain; Flux frequency domain; RollOff frequency domain; Centroid frequency domain; Zero-crossing rate ZCR time domain. In 24  , a theory of learning interactions is developed using game theory and the principle of maximum entropy; only 2 agent simulations are tested. A major challenge in substructure mining is that the search space is exponential with respect to the data set  , forcing runtimes to be quite long. We have decided to adopt a known solution proposed for search engines in order to have more realistic results in the experiments. Pattern matching approaches are widely used because of their simplicity. The target edge is also identified in the image and the relative distance between the two edges is calculated. We assess our techniques using query logs from a production cluster of a commercial search engine  , a commercial advertisement engine  , as well as using synthetic workloads derived from well-known distributions. This allows the transferring of the learned knowledge to be naturally done even when the domains are different between training and test data. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. In the current state of knowledge   , the single-vehicle dial-a-ride problems can rarely be achieved to optimization when the number of tasks is more than 40. 2006  , to the characteristics of peer-production systems and information sharing repositories Merkel et al. Top-k queries also as known as ranking queries have been heavily employed in many applications  , such as searching web databases  , similarity search  , recommendation systems   , etc. To test whether the relative difficulty of the topics is preserved over the two document sets  , we computed the Pearson correlation between the median AP scores of the 50 difficult topics as measured over the two datasets. Each perturbation vector is directly applied to the hash values of the query object  , thus avoiding the overhead of point perturbation and hash value computations associated with the entropy-based LSH method. As shown in fig.8  , the method of the force controller design based on the frequency characteristics using the impedance parameters is effective for the suppression of the disturbance. From these  , URLs were extracted using a simple regular expression . However  , the problem of finding optimal plans remains a difficult one. The cooccurrence of system acceptable search words produces an overlapping or part identity of the extensions of these search words. 2 integrate temporal expressions in documents into a time-aware probabilistic retrieval model. A typical approach is the user-word aspect model applied by Qu et al. We apply simulated annealing SA in order to resolve individual data points within a region of overlap. Then the labeled target language data in At are used to compute the backpropagated errors to tune the parameters in the target language SAE. Multiple sequence alignment based on DP matching is extensively studied in the field of biological computing 111. The retrieved sets of images are then ranked in descending order according to their similarity with the image query. So improvement of the performance of the acquired strategy is expected and the And a new strategy is acquired using Q-learning. For this experiment we used our own implementation of self-organbdng maps as moat thoroughly described in 30. Ganguly et al 14 employed similarity between word embedding vectors within a translation model for LMIR as means to overcome the lexical gap between queries and documents   , where it outperformed a language model extended with latent topics. We consider various combinations of text and link similarity and discuss how these correlate with semantic similarity and how well they rank pages. In order to create broadly useful systems that are computationally tractable  , it is common in information retrieval generally  , and in CLIR in particular  , to treat terms independently . Such queries can be implemented using the general FORSEQ clause by specifying the relevant patterns i.e. By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. This objective is fulfilled by either having a layer to perform the transformation or looking up word vectors from a table which is filled by word vectors that are trained separately using additional large corpus. SMT-based CLIR-methods clearly outperform all others. We discussed a model of retrieval that bridges a gap between the classical probabilistic models of information retrieval  , and the emerging language modeling approaches. The component π k acts as the prior of the clusters' distribution   , which adjusts the belief of relevance according to each cluster. Many applications require that the similarity function reflects mutual dependencies of components in feature vectors  , e.g. In the first step  , we propose a topic modeling method  , called Structured PLSA  , modeling the dependency structure of phrases in short comments. From the content of these pages  , it was evident that they were designed to " capture " search engine users. The Map class supports dynamic programming in the Volcano-Mapper  , for instance  because goals are only solved once and the solution physical plan stored. by embedding meta data with RDFa. The generated file is used for programming of FPGA and pattern matching. The reason for this behavior is that both plans are of roughly equal cost  , with the difference being that in plan P2  , the SUPPLIER relation participates in a sort-mergejoin at the top of the plan tree  , whereas in P7  , the hash-join operator is used instead at the same location. Our dataset PDFs  , software  , results is available upon request so that other researchers can evaluate our heuristics and do further research. Our results show that we can clearly outperform baseline approaches in respect to correctly linking English DBpedia properties in the SPARQL queries  , specifically in a cross-lingual setting where the question to be answered is provided in Spanish. The simplex attempts to walk downhill by replacing the 3741 vertex associated with the highest error by a better point. The Viterbi path contains seven states as the seventh state was generated by the sixth state and a transition to the seventh state. Our experiments show that the SP approach gives a decent performance in terms of number of triples  , query size and query execution time. Additionally  , we note that a catalog of occurrences of glyphs can in itself be interesting  , for example to date or attribute printed works 2. Informal tests " viewing the interaction with a CLIR system available on the Web ARCTOS and machine-translated web pages Google. To identify the target of a question  , pattern matching is applied to assign one of the 18 categories to the question. However  , construction of OPTIMAL using dynamic programming for 100  , 000 intervals proved to be unacceptably slow on our computing platform. However  , the current state of the art is confirmed to be Flat-COTE and our next objective is to evaluate whether HIVE-COTE is a significant improvement. In DAFFODIL the evaluation function is given by degree centrality measuring the number of co-authorships of a given actor  , i.e. The rectangles labeled LSTM denote the long short-term memory block 20 that is used to alleviate the vanishing and exploding gradient problem 2. Many real-world applications require solving a similarity search problem where one is interested in all pairs of objects whose similarity is above a specified threshold. We discuss our method of soft pattern generalization and matching in the next section. We investigate query translation based CLIR here. First  , was the existing state of the art  , Flat-COTE  , significantly better than current deep learning approaches for TSC ? 5 Model 2 interprets the information seeking situation in the usual way as follows: The documents in the collection have a wide variety of different properties; semantic properties of aboutness  , linguistic properties concerning words that occur in their titles or text  , contextual properties concerning who are their authors  , where they were published   , what they cited  , etc. The basic text substrings  , such as the target or named entities  , are recognized using regular expressions and replaced with an angle-bracket-delimited expression. The expected log-likelihood 14 i s maximized using EM  , a popular niethod for hill climbing in likelihood space for problems with latent variables 2. The Word2vec model requires training in order to learn the word embedding space  , and this was realised using an additional corpus of Google news and Yahoo! In this section we will introduce the notion of the approximate automaton of a regular expression R: the approximate automaton of R at distance d  , where d is an integer  , accepts all strings at distance at most d from R. For any regular expression R we can construct an NFA M R to recognise LR using Thompson's construction. Instead of building a classifier we use pattern matching methods to find corresponding slot values for entities. For this  , we consider how many hill climbing steps the approach requires at each level and how many grasps need to be compared in each of these steps. 3 In case some attributes are non-nullable  , we use SET DEFAULT to reset attributes values to their default value. We present the similarity structure between the search engines in Figure 7. Ballesteros 3 researched a transitive scheme and techniques to overcome word ambiguity. We will show that the scheme achieves good qualitative performance at a low indexing cost. Animation also ensures that the current state of the entity is being mapped  , which is an essential property for software evolution. We can observe that the prediction accuracy increases first when k increases and then becomes stable or even slightly decreases when k > 30 for all three groups of experiments. This is the property we desire in order to make the actuator very insensitive to position inputs. Fitting an OODB or repository into an existing object model is a delicate activity  , which we explain in detail. To compare ranking quality  , we also computed nDCG for the best-scoring related approach ESA  , where it reaches 0.845: as Figure 4shows  , our approach scores also beats that number significantly. University faculty lists form the seeds for such a crawl. 4due to the unsuitable profile model. In general  , the fitness of the composite operator is adjusted as  By adjusting the operator fitness  , we balance the exploration of new search space and the exploitation of promising solutions found by the hill-climbing algo- rithm. In general  , the construction and traversal of suffix trees results in " random-like access " 14  for a number of efficient in-memory construction methods 25  , 38. Yet easier  , PCRE the most widespread regular expression engine supports callouts 20   , external functions that can be attached to regular expression markers and are invoked when the engine encounter them. The detailed tracing results show that hill-climbing started from choosing topfacets and gradually replaced similar facets by less similar ones. Without the congregation property  , the best known technique for maximizing the breach probability is the dynamic-programming technique developed in 14. Such a query can be encoded as a regular expression with each Ri combined using an " OR " clause and this regular expression based query can be issued as an advanced search to a search engine. Further  , we limit ourselves to the " Central " evaluation setting that is  , only central documents are accepted as relevant and use F1 as our evaluation measure.  Visualization of rank change of each web page with different queries in the same search session. Research on CLIR has therefore focused on three main questions: 1 which terms should be translated ? Tree root selection: After initialization  , in a join query with n triple patterns  , we sort all the triple patterns first in the order of increasing number of triples associated with them. Average distance weight and the co-occurrence ratio are not able to reflect the semantic similarities between a question and a candidate answer. In this way  , we insure that undefined instances will not affect the calculation of the likelihood function. We then compute the correspondence between ground-truth stage s * e and the learned stagê se using two standard metrics: Kendall's τ and the Pearson correlation coefficient. Dynamic programming has already been used to generate time optimal joint trajectories for nonredundant manipulators 11  , 3 or for known joint paths 10. The twenty-tree indicators are : 2 indicators of instant energy  , 3 obtained by fast Fourier transform FFT  , 16 from the computation of mean power frequency MPF and  , others resulting from the energy spectrum of each component derived from the wavelet decomposition of the normalized EMG. Hence  , which is the Pearson product-moment correlation of Q and d. In other words  , the vector space computation is used because it approximates the correlation computation when the vectors are sparse enough. The results  , shown in Figure 10  , indicate very good range search performance for query selectivities greater than 0.5%  , and sufficiently good even at smaller query selectivities. Another straightforward application of the socially induced similarity is to enrich Web navigation for knowledge exploration. While results are relatively stable with respect to γ  , we find that the performance of diversification with topic models is rather sensitive to the parameter K. In Section 6  , we will discuss the impact of K on the diversification results using our framework. In the same way that assessors disagree over relevance judgments see 6 for a nice summary  , humans also disagree about whether two pieces of text have the same semantic content. In general we observed that a small but specific set of attributes are sufficient indicators of a navigational page. It would be easy to retrieve that path by using an appropriate regular expression over the name property in each label e.g. states from which no final states can be reached. Finally  , the distribution of θ is updated with respect to its posterior distribution. Simulated anneahng has been used m a variety of apphcation areas to good effect Klrkpatrlck 83. There are three broad types of CLIR systems: those based on query translation  , those based on document translation  , and those that use some aspects of both 15. Furthermore  , post-translation expansion is capable of improving CLQS-based CLIR. The Self-Organizing Map generated a The Arizona Noun Phraser allowed subjects to narrow and refine their searches as well as provided a list of key phrases that represented the collection. Fernandez and Dan Suciu 13 propose two query optimization techniques to rewrite a given regular path expression into another query that reduces the scope of navigation. Because frequent k-n-match search is the final technique we use to performance similarity search  , we focus on frequent k-n-match search instead of k-n-match search. In this simulation  , folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not considered. In 2  Angluin showed that the problem of learning a regular expression of minimum size from positive and negative examples is NP-complete. Our random forest is composed of binary trees and a weight associated with each tree. We have looked in detail at the OOV problem as it applies to Chinese-English and English-Chinese CLIR. This step uses Bro 27  , whose signature matching engine generates a signature match event when the packet payload matches a regular expression that is specified for a particular rule. Furthermore  , multilanguage descriptions in BMEcat are handled properly  , namely by assigning corresponding language tags to RDF literals. Then we compare the product models obtained from one of the BMEcat catalogs with products collected from Web shops through a focused Web crawl. The best ranking loss averaged among the four DSRs is 0.2287 given by Structured PLSA + Local Prediction compared with the baseline of 0.2865. Fortunately problem 3 is in a form suitable for induction with dynamic programming . Simulations showed correlation between simulated muscle activation and EMG patters found in gait. Attribute partitioning HAMM79 is another term for a transposed file scheme within a relational database  , As stated in BORA62  , such schemes are useful in statistical database systems because although the relations often contain many attributes  , usually only a few are referenced in any one query  , Additionally  , attribute partitioning is useful in compression schemes that depend on physical adjacency of identical values EGGEBO  , EGGEBl  , TURN79. Applications include the folding of robot arms in space when some of the actuators fail. The final 3D configuration is achieved by folding the right hand side shown in Fig. Along non-heating portions  , the trace width was made as wide as possible under geometric constraints in order to minimize unwanted heating and deformation. A smaller k value means that the expanded query terms are less important. The painting mot ,ion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions following this folding of surfaces 2  , 81. Care was taken to avoid over fitting and to ensure that the learnt trees were not lopsided. -Term distance method Dist This method uses the following similarity measure in place of the cosine similarity in Cosine. Therefore  , such methods are not appropriate to be applied on feature sets generated from LOD. This subsection gives an overview of the basic ideas and describes recent enhancements to improve the recall of answer extraction. Hence  , we use the entire input paragraph and compute a vector representation given a Doc2Vec model created on a Wikipedia corpus. Remolina and Kuipers 13  ,  151 present a formalization of the SSH framework as a non-monotonic logical theory. The total number of operations is also proportional to this term because this query can be best run using Sort- Merge joins by always storing the histograms and the auxiliary relations in sorted order. The output tree from the second phase is passed to the constant folding phase which replaces all identifiers and expressions that can be guaranteed to contain constant values with those values. It allowed them to search using criteria that are hard to express in words. " To tackle this issue  , we resort to a technique called surrogate modeling or optimization transfer  , which approximates the original objective using a majorization/minorization function that is analytically or numerically efficient to compute. A search engine can assist a topical crawler by sharing the more global Web information available to it. The idea behind learning is to find a scoring function that results in the most sensitive hypothesis test. The resulting plain text is tokenized using a regular expression that allows words to include hyphens and numeric characters. They analyze the text of the code for patterns which the programmer wants to find. Since the pioneering work of Agrawal 1 and Faloutsos 2  , there emerged many fruit of research in similarity search of time series. If acute shortage of memory space occurs  , a sort in this phase could " roll back " its input and release the last buffers acquired. As shown in Table 2  , the extracted top translations are closely related to the source query  , even though sometimes they are not the translation equivalent of the source query. In order to use this feature  , a headrelated transfer function is needed. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features  , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. In step 1  , we identify concept labels that are semantically similar by using a similarity measure based on the frequency of term co-occurence in a large corpus the web combined with a semantic distance based on WordNet without relying on string matching techniques 10. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , application of simulated annealing to disambiguate overlapping shapes is a novel contribution. Inter-robot communication allows to exchange various information  , positions  , current status  , future actions   , etc 3  , 16  , 151 and to devise effective cooperation schemes. The results in Table 2also show that the multi-probe LSH method is substantially more space and time efficient than the entropy-based approach. This generic representation is a list of regular expressions  , where each regular expression represents the links occurring in a page the crawler has to follow to reach the target pages. The PDFs analyzed were a random sample from our SciPlore.org database  , a scientific web based search engine. If the grid is coarse  , dynamic programming works reasonably quickly. correctness of a search N Mean Standard Deviation These results support our interpretation of unique words in a search as a measure of search effort. Our approach to structured retrieval for QA works by encoding this linguistic and semantic content as annotations on text  , and by using a retrieval model that directly supports constraint-checking and ranking with respect to document structure and annotations in addition to keywords. The bottom-most RBM of our model  , which models the input terms  , is character-level variant of the replicated softmax RSM model presented in 28  for documents . The method of estimating the lots delively cycle time can help fab managers for more precisely lots management and AMHS control. Since rotating the gripper is equivalent to rotating the part  , the transfer function is defined in terms of the part's orientation with respect to the gripper . Because they have sufficient rules and weights  , the answers are created from learning their known question and answer pairs in the open domain. However  , it is not true because the likelihood function is represented as the product of the probabilities that the debugging history in respective incremental system testing can be realized. The Forest Cover Type problem considered in Figure 9is a particularly challenging dataset because of its size both in terms of the number of the instances and the number of attributes. First  , our proposal performs consistently better than the best DBScan results obtained with cmin = 3. We describe a novel string pattern matching principle  , called n-gram search  , first proposed in preliminary form in 10. We apply multidimensional Dynamic Programming DP matching to align multiple observations. We create an embedding feature for each attribute using these word vectors as follows.  A new characterization of search queries to distinguish between F-search in " familiar " places versus U-search in " unfamiliar " locations  , defined on a per-user basis. We see that the optimization leads to significantly decreased costs for the uniform model  , compared to the previous tables. The closed loop transfer function governing the system's response in the NS mode is: The system's response is 2nd order. In this case  , the error is the difference between the setpoint and the measured value and the control signal is the dimmer value in the next time interval. Second  , we allow for some degree of tolerance when we try to establish a matching between the vertex-coordinates of the pattern and its supporting transaction. Of particular interest are open questions related to the introduction of police-based data placement in an information integration system. We modified the scoring scripts to provide both strict and lenient scores. The key in image search by image is the similarity measurement between two images. To ensure the FFT functioned appropriately  , the data was limited to a range which covered only an integer number of cycles. In our experiment we manipulated four independent variables: image size small  , medium  , large  , relevance level relevant  , not relevant  , topic difficulty easy  , medium  , difficult  , very difficult and topic visuality visual  , medium  , semantic. For example  , paper D  , " A proximity probabilistic model for information retrieval " mentions both A and B. Second  , their technique is essentially unsupervised   , which does not fully explore the data characteristics and thus cannot achieve the optimal indexing performance. Finally  , our parameters are randomly initialized between 0 and 1.0. View maintenance will be done differently after an update in region Rl than after updates in regions R2 or R3 respectively. It was also shown in 9  that for noncollocated position measurements  , the locations of the right half plane zeros of the resulting transfer function are highly sensitive to errors in model parameters and the distance between the actuator and the sensor. Smaller clusters are less easily interpretable  , but their existence indicates that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also operates with concepts that are not hard-coded in PGM-based click models. The regular expression is a simple example for an expression that would be applied to the content part of a message. Since collection of dynamic information affects over all target program  , this functionality becomes a typical crosscutting concern  , which is modularized as an aspect in AOP 4. We Figure 2 : Three-tiered distributed sort on Cell  , using bitonic merge. The first workshops  , when trying to find out the right approach for a specific document type  , are the most difficult ones. Emulation requires sufficient knowledge from the user about the computer environment and dependencies of components. Otherwise  , pattern search would be a generalized form of the similarity search approach  , which makes it hard to compare them. Paradoxically  , technical terms and names are not generally found in electronic translation dictionaries utilised by MT and CLIR systems. Table 2The performance of submitted runs with vital only Table 3shows the retrieval performance of our submitted two runs for Stream Slotting Filling task. where αi and α k are Lagrange multipliers of the constraints with respect to pnvj |z k   , we need to consider the original PLSA likelihood function and the user guidance term. It is possible to use the out of bag error to decide when to stop adding classifiers to a random forest ensemble or bagged ensemble. It uses a non-logic based textual similarity to discover services. The first and simplest level is trying RaPiD7 out according to the general idea of RaPiD7. If the glb values of the conjunct are already available in the semantic index  , they are directly retrieved. Since Atomate uses a rule based system at its core  , emerging Semantic Web work pertaining to rule languages such as SWRL and RuleML  , and efficient chainers for these languages are currently of great relevance and interest to us well. Nevertheless  , since this work is the first step toward our final goal  , our model is yet to cover all the aspects of location-based social search. We used it instead of the Pearson coefficient to avoid introducing unnecessary assumptions about the distribution of the data. Consider personalization of web pages based on user profiles. Representing games as graphs of abstract states or positions has been a common practice in combinatorial game theory and computer science for decades 15  , 14 . Martinson et a1 13  , worked with even higher levels of abstraction  , to coordinate high-level behavioral assemblages in their robots to learn finite state automata in an intercept scenario. The combination of our approach with the MT system leads to a high effectiveness of 105% of that of monolingual IR. Our objective is to take advantage of this property for the task of query rewriting  , and to learn query representations in a lowdimensional space where semantically similar queries would be close. 1for an example spectrogram. It is necessary to design a motion planning method in order to execute these elements. Once a voting pattern is obtained for each multilingual document  , we attempt to group documents such that in each group  , documents share similar voting patterns. of the measure we want to minimize for configurations inside this cell  , weighted by the average probability for all cells of the graph. Figure 1  , the top location has a confidence of 1.0: In the past  , each time some programmer extended the fKeys array   , she also extended the function that sets the preference default values.  Results: It presents experimental results from SPR and Prophet with different search spaces. Above results are just examples from the case study findings to illustrate the potential uses of the proposed method. In addition  , the hybrid approach may find sub-optimal solutions for dynamic vehicle routing problems of any size. The traditional method employed by PowerAnswer to extract nuggets is to execute a definition pattern matching module. A screenshot of web-based pictogram retrieval system prototype which uses the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach with a 0.5 cutoff value. Their model interpolates the same-task similarity of a rewrite candidate to the reference query with the average similarity of that candidate to all on-task queries from a user's history  , weighted by each query's similarity to the reference query. In this way  , interactive query construction opens the world of structured queries to unskilled users  , who are not familiar with structured query languages  , without actually requiring them to learn such query language.   , for which the quicksort computation requires a number of steps proportional to n 2   , highlighting the worst-case On 2  complexity of quicksort. This procedure assumes that all observations are statistically independent. We use it as a baseline to compare the usefulness of the pre-search context and user search history. Under-specified or ambiguous queries are a common problem for web information retrieval systems 2  , especially when the queries used are often only a few words in length. Also  , the underlying query optimizer may produce sub-optimal physical plans due to assumptions of predicate independence. This method learns a random for- est 2  with each tree greedily optimized to predict the relevance labels y jk of the training examples. Joint application development JAD is a requirements-definition and user-interface design methodology according to Steve McConnell 4. 5that the set of objective vectors generated by the modified dynamic programming approach agree well with the Pareto optimal set and  , more importantly  , captures its non connectivity. Given a user profile and a set of search keywords  , the search engine selects an ad advertisement  to display in the search result page. Further  , they propose the use of simulated annealing to attempt to solve the reconfiguration problem. To quantify the effects on IR performance due to the merge methods used as well as the effects due to eliminating the natural corpus structure defined by web domains by dividing the corpus arbitrarily with respect to the document content at index-time  , the mean values of the MAP taken over the merged resultsets from 149 automatically extracted queries applied to the domain partition and the randomized domain partition are recorded in Table 5. The Random Forest model selects a portion of the data attributes randomly and generates hundreds and thousands of trees accordingly  , and then votes for the best performing one to produce the classification result. It can be seen that Q-learning incorporated with DYNA or environmental·information reduce about 50 percent of the number of steps taken by the agent. Since the page content information is used  , the page similarity based smoothing is better than constant based smoothing. Overall  , the PLM is shown to be able to achieve " soft " passage retrieval and capture proximity heuristic effectively in a unified probabilistic framework. There has been a lot of work in multi-query optimization for MV advisors and rewrite. Last year  , in TREC7  , we compared three possible approaches to CLIR for French and English  , namely  , the approach based on a bilingual dictionary  , the approach based on a machine translation MT system  , and the approach based on a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts. Serialization of an XML subtree using the XML_Serialize operator serves as an example. We also presuppose that the search proceeds in the following manner: Thus  , the search time is relatively longer than in a search from a keyword-based database. The first probabilistic model captures the retrieval criterion that a document is relevant if any passage in the document is relevant. Genetic programming GP is a computational method inspired by biological evolution  , which discovers computer programs tailored to a particular task 19. Apart from their base statistics  , we provide the baseline imputation accuracy on MCAR data as achieved by choosing the most frequent of the possible values. Since it is difficult  , in general  , to decide which junction belongs to the scene object of interest  , we matched all 21 features with the corresponding model ones. Thus  , this regular expression is used. Transformation T 2 : Each physical join operator e.g.  KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels  , evaluate their mAP values on the training set  , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value. When we are capable of building and testing a highly predictive model of user effectiveness we will be able to do cross system comparisons via a control  , but our current knowledge of user modeling is inadequate. This syntactical variety of references is represented using an or operator in the regular expression. In summary  , we leverage a dynamic programming based approach instead of a traditional index-based approach for finding the set of all subsequence matches. the size of the search space increases in a strong exponential manner as the number of input attributes grows  141  , i.e. O having overlapping sources of inconsistencies means that K ∩ K = ∅. Each evaluator wrote down his steps in constructing the query. Thus NetPLSA ignores the various participation information for each user. Selected English Phrases: therapy  , replacement Final English Query: causation  , cancer  , thorax  , estrogens   , therapy  , replacement Since we have follow up refinement steps in our CLIR approach  , we set M  , the number of concepts identified for each query  , to 15. In general  , language modeling approaches to retrieval rely on collection frequency CF in place of DF: Corpus-based approaches to CLIR have generally developed within a framework based on language modeling rather than vector space models  , at least in part because modern statistical translation frameworks offer a natural way of integrating translation and language models 19. In the classical non-personalized search engines  , the relevance between a query and a document is assumed to be only decided by the similarity of term matching. This paper has reported our initial experiments aimed at investigating whether evolutionary programming  , and genetic programming in particular can evolve multiple robot controllers that utilise communication to improve their ability to collectively perform a task. Context features are useful for predicting translation quality. We simply evaluate all bipartitions made up of consecutive vertices on the ordering n ,d. As we only compute a bipartitioning  , we do not need to resort to dynamic programming as for k-way partitioning. Then we update parameters utilizing Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD until converge. Otherwise  , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. Even though this bmte-force approach  , unlike the other work mentioned above  , guarantees optimality and completeness  , it k n o t practical for larger scale problems because of its computational complexity  , which is exponential in the number of moving droplets. Obtaining a random sample from an uncooperative search engine is a non-trivial task. Both our weighting scheme and the two weighting schemes to be compared are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method to predict ratings for test users. Word expert parsers 77  seem particularly suitable ; the TOPIC system employs one to condense information from article abstracts into frames 39. Table 2shows the results of the perplexity comparison. Random subspaces ties for the most times as statistically significantly more accurate than C4 .5  , but is also less accurate the most times. Similar to the twig query  , we can also define matching twig patterns on a bisimulation graph of an XML tree. Also  , the work in 24  applies Genetic Programming to learn ranking functions that select the most appropriate ads. They are complementary to our study as they target an environment where a cost-based optimization module is available. The top ranked m collections are chosen for retrieval . For BSBM we executed the same ten generated queries from each category  , computed the category average and reported the average and geometric mean over all categories. Documents of a comparable collection may be aligned at the document  , sentence or even word level. Therefore  , the estimate of the mean is simply the sample mean  ,  The effectiveness of the MLE is observed by generating a set of samples from a known RCG distribution  , then computing the MLE estimates of the parameters. FarGo attempts to reconcile these seemingly conflicting goals. Finally  , the simplest identification submodule is the newsgropu thread matcher  , which looks for " References " headers in newsgroup articles and reconstructs conversation threads of a newsgroup posting and subsequent replies. To evaluate the effectiveness of GENDERLENS  , we conducted a user study where 30 users 15 men and 15 women were asked to indicate their preference for one of the two gender-biased news columns. Figure 6: Similarity between locally popular documents at 2 sites all the search sites taken together. Services such as search and browse are activated on the restricted information space described by the collection  , but this is the only customization option. The flow of the computation is illustrated in Fig.1. In the dynamic programming DP in Fig.1 part  , we define a discrete state space  , transition probability of the robot  , and immediate evaluation for its action. In this section  , we analyze how the popularity evolution changes when the users discover pages solely based on search results the search-dominant model. The translation and optimization proceeds in three steps. Finally  , to compute term similarity we used publicly available 5 pre-trained word embedding vectors. In order to translate an extended selection operation u7 ,ee into a regular algebraic expression  , we have to break down the operation into parts  , thereby reducing the complexity of the selection predicate $. To establish the framework for modeling search strategies  , we view the query optimization problem as a search problem in the most general sense. In our particular case this rating is represented by behavior of users on every page they both visit. By examining the queries with type document search we found that the average length of a query is 3.85 terms. Predictability " is approximated by the predictive power of a support vector machine. Indeed  , examining the positive examples in our data as a function of time-of-day and day-of-week  , we observe a greater likelihood of urgent health searching occurring outside of working hours and on weekends Table 4 . 14  recently analyze places and events in a collection of geotagged photos using DBSCAN. Finally  , we summarize these properties in order to generate the regular expression. Section 3.3 describes this optimization. Next  , we calculate the probability of being positive or negative regarding each topic  , P pos|z and P neg|z using pseudo-training images  , assuming that all other candidates images than pseudo positive images are negative samples. The TPI model makes more use of the specific assumption of the indexing model  , 80 that for any other indexing model a new retrieval model would have to be developed. In addition  , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects. performs a global translation  , rather than a recursive one as in the previous cases  , in which case the Decendents function returns the empty set. This is especially important  , since the search space is exponential and the number of MDS patterns present in the data may also be very large. A game is a formal representation of a strategic interaction among a set of players. The goal of multi-pattern matching is to find within a text string d all occurrences of patterns from a given set. Previously  , a list of over 200 positive and negative pre-computed patterns was loaded into memory. Distance Computation between regional embeddings After learning word embeddings for each word w ∈ V  , we then compute the distance Figure 2: Semantic field of theatre as captured by GEODIST method between the UK and US. the optimal substructure in dynamic programming. In terms of portability  , vertical balancing may be improved by modeling the similarity in terms of predictive evidence between source verticals. Another unique aspect of FarGo is how dynamic layout is integrated with the overall architecture of the application. The form of SA used is a variation of the Nelder-Mead downhill simplex method  , which incorporates a random variable to overcome local minima 9. The best 900 rules  , as measured by extended Laplace accuracy  , were saved. In the parabolic motion calculation  , the velocity of each joint at the moment that the robot stops is considered as the initial condition. We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. For each of the three tested categories we trained a different classifier based on the Random Forest model described in Section 3.2.2. Notice that a regular expression has an equivalent automaton. We learned 3 the mapping of 300  , 000 words to a 100-dimension embedded space over a corpus consisting of 7.5 million Web queries  , sampled randomly from a query log. Second  , automatically checking program outcomes requires a testing oracle  , which is often not available in practice  , and end-users should not be expected to provide it. In particular   , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D strongly relies on the current document rank to explain user browsing behavior on top positions. For this purpose  , a minimax problem is solved using Dynamic Programming methods 5. And Q-maps were learned in their approaches instead of directly learning a sequence of associations between states and behaviors. As previously  , we define a transfer function between the inter distance and the additional risk. The keyword given by the user can be a query for integrated search to provide a mixed search result of Web and TV programs. Optimizers of this sort generate query plans in three phases. The LSTM transition functions are defined as follows: These gates collectively decide the transitions of the current memory cell ct and the current hidden state ht. We chose these two benchmark systems because Google is currently known as the best general search engine and NanoSpot is currently one of the best NSE domain-specific search engines. Comparing this with the errors in Table 1  , we see that in the best case this limit is nearly achieved while on average the error is twice the noise level indicating that model error does exist and it is on the same order of magnitude as the noise. The recursive evaluation to determine this value is: Figure 3shows the recursive cost function. In addition to the usual query parsing  , query plan generation and query parallelization steps  , query optimization must also determine which DOP to choose and on which node to execute the query. Invitation Figure 1  , Steps of RaPiD7 1 Preparation step is performed for each of the workshops  , and the idea is to find out the necessary information to be used as input in the workshops. Compared to blind random search optimization the convergence speed is similar but the learning strategy finds significantly better gaits  , e.g. However  , it is important to optimize these tests further using compile-time query optimization techniques. Some of the most important features of the system include:  Three levels of search Users can select from basic search  , advanced search  , or expert search mode. In order to confirm the effectiveness of our method  , we conducted an experiment. While this method works for relatively low degree-of-freedom manipulators  , there is a 'cross over' point beyond which the problem becomes overdetermined   , and an exact solution cannot be guaranteed. Approaches that use pattern matching e.g. A simple chemical data set of 300 molecules can require many hours to mine when the user specifies a low support threshold. This similarity between papers is measured using the Pearson correlation coefficient between the papers' citation vectors  , – Select n papers that have the highest similarity with the target paper. Each NSWDbased similarity measure was tested with three disambiguation strategies: manual M  , count-based C  , or similarity-based S  , using two widely used knowledge graphs: Freebase and DBpedia. Query Evaluation: If a query language is specified  , the E- ADT must provide the ability to execute the optimized plan. We compute such a cuboid by merging these runs  , like the merge step of external sort  , aggregating duplicates if necessary . A modified version of GJK  , RGJK  , which exploits the recursive evaluation is stated in Section 3. As we increase σ k   , the performance in both Figure first increases and thereafter declines slightly. Beam-search is a form of breadth-first search  , bounded both in width W and depth D. We use parameters D = 4 to find descriptions involving at most 4 conjunctions  , and W = 10 to use only the best 10 hypotheses for refinement in the next level. In Section 5  , we propose ARSA  , the sentiment-aware model for predicting future product sales. Similarly  , we redefine all accessors to record structures for records owned by the terminal as calls to protocol transfer functions which: The functions mentioned above all behave in the following way: some data function parameters or record instances to be accessed is passed to the opposite partition and then some task is performed by that partition on the data. This complexity arises from three main sources. We then present a constructive argument to show that only On projection sets need be considered to obtain the diameter function. Sample 1 is the result of diversification using pLSA for varying K  , and sample 2 is the result of diversification using LapPLSA Table 6: Comparing performance of LapPLSA and pLSA over random K's. 3 3 is the planestress model with these parameters  , not an arbitrary best fitting curve.  We describe a fast method for fitting the parameters of these models  , and prescriptions for picking the right model given the dataset size and runtime execution constraints. We used the Pearson product-moment correlation since the expert averages represent interval data  , ranging from 1 to 7. Usually  , position controllers are developed using transfer functions from the input torque T to the tip position y. Each search result can be a new query for chain search to provide related content. Each peer performed a search every 1–2 minutes. The performance of the Translation Model and the Translation- Based Language Model will rely on the quality of the word-to-word translation probabilities. the top tags in the ranked tag list are the keywords that can best describe the visual content of the query image  , the group will be found with high probability. 17  , are shown in Fig 5. For each input-output pair  , Golubev method is applied to derive directly a rational transfer function. The value of a function mapping is a member of the enumerated set FN-RETURN = { Preconditlon-Error  , Previous-Menuf Prevlous-Screen  , Master-Menu-Or-Exit  , Screen-Error }. In this section  , we show the effectiveness of our approach for CLIR. Finally  , we reiterated the importance of choosing expansion terms that model relevance  , rather than the relevant documents and showed how LCE captures both syntactic and query-side semantic dependencies. The primary contribution of this work is increased understanding of effectiveness measures based on explicit user models. We had found that dividing the RSV by the query length helps to normalize scores across topics. 4.9  , DJ already maintains the minimal value of all primary keys in its own internal statistics for query optimization. The likelihood function for this sensor is modeled like the lane sensor by enumerating two modes of detection: µ s1 and µ s2 . A random search is asked the same problem and the results figure 7 right show that the intelligence included in genetic optimization is far superior to the random search. Indeed  , the best solution is hardly improved and the population is vowed to stagnation . We begin in Section 2 by motivating our approach to order optimization by working through the optimization of a simple example query based on the TPC-H schema using the grouping and secondary ordering inference techniques presented here. Because of the compactness  , the embedding can be efficiently stored and compared. The Point of Diminishing Returns PDR values are explained in Section 5.2. This approach is particularly useful in that it provides seamless access to personalized projects from other applications. In general  , constraints and other such information should flow across the query optimization interfaces. If f was neither a proposition nor a structured pattern  , we checked how many content words in f had appeared in previous features. Task-level learning is applied to the entire system  , as oppwed to each component Q vision ayatem level module  , in order to reduce the degrees of freedom of the learning problem. In addition  , we find that the performance differences of different imputation methods are slight on small datasets  , like Albrecht and Kemerer. Therefore  , we can conclude that attribute partitioning is important to a SDS. Examples of such strategies are simulated-annealing Ioannidis871 and iterative- improvement Swami88. Contrarily  , the idea behind our solution is to focus on the input dataset and the given regular expression. Tague and Nelson 16 validated whether the performance of their generated queries was similar to real queries across the points of the precision-recall graph using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS Test. The regular expression extractor acts in a similar way as the name extractor. For example  , we can think of a query //title as a nondeterministic finite automaton depicted in Figure 8  , and define two structurally recursive functions from the automaton. While modeling languages are basically notations for concurrent/extended finite-state machines  , programming languages are much more expressive and complex since they support procedures  , recursion  , dynamic data structures of various shapes and sizes  , pointers  , etc. The so-called hill-climbing search method locally optimize the summary hierarchy such that the tree is an estimated structure built from past observations and refined every time a new tuple is inserted. The αinvesting rule can guarantee no model over-fitting and thus the accuracy of the final fitted model. We hence disambiguate Wiki entries by measuring the similarity between the entires and the topics mentioned in the search queries. The learning component uses a data-driven and model-free approach for training the recurrent neural net  , which becomes an embedded part of a hybrid control scheme effective during execution. 24 proposed a qualitative model of search engine choice that is a function of the search engine brand  , the loyalty of a user to a particular search engine at a given time  , user exposure to banner advertisements  , and the likelihood of a within-session switch from the engine to another engine. In addition  , only the bypass plan and the DNF-based plan can easily use a sort-merge implementation of the second join operator semijoin on Cwork . Thus  , operators on such large-grain data structures imply some kind of extended control structure such as a loop  , a sequence of statements  , a recursive function  , or other. 2 The loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model 18   , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. The value which is determined by pattern matching is DataC KK the server's public key for the signature verification . There are several rounds of user interactions in a search session. Once the semantic relevance values were calculated  , the pictograms were ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the major category. However  , there is one important restriction of such XPath views: The XPath expression in the comparison has to be exactly the same as the view XPath expression. The repository structure includes a search engine  , which is used to search the contents of the repository. We have also assessed the effect of social navigation support on how the search results are used. One salient feature of our modeling is the judicious use of hyperparameters  , which can be recursively updated in order to obtain up-to-date posterior distribution and to estimate new model parameters. It is intuitive that the LM-UNI model will lead to much better results in the monolingual setting  , as the amount of shared words between different languages is typically very limited  , and therefore other representations for CLIR are sought 41 see next. All machines have a nonaccepting start-state. These are then returned as a list of resources that best matches the users' queries. Many applications of CLIR rely on large bilingual translation resources for required language pairs. Their tablet readers do not demonstrate similar behaviors  , as they are not available in the interface 18 . These problems have led to the search for alternative noncollocated measurements. One reason is that ad-hoc CLEF tasks evaluate CLIR systems as a whole; there is no direct comparison of alternative solutions for specific system components  , such as translation strategies given a fixed set of translation resources  , or resource acquisition techniques given a fixed translation strategy. This defines 1 an expected number of occurrences of any given n-gram in any given search result  , and 2 a standard deviation of the random variation in the number of occurrences. In this method  , subqueries and answers are kept in main memory to reduce costs. For each query  , we pre-compute the second maximization in the equation for all positions of using dynamic programming. 3 9 queries with monolingual Avg. P higher than CLIR. Optimization during query compilr tion assumes the entire buffer pool is available   , but in or&r to aid optimization at nmtime  , the query tree is divided into fragments. The prototypes of data objects must be considered during entity matching to find patterns. We study the performance of different data fusion techniques for combining search results. The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. To characterize the fold angle as a function of the actuator geometry  , we built eight self-folding strips with gaps on the inner layer in the range of 0.25mm–2mm  , and baked them at 170  C. Each strip has three actuators with the identical gap dimensions. The second part of the regular expression corresponds to random English words added by the attacker to diversify the query results. 5 Hyponymy is the semantic relation in which the extension of a word is subsumed in the extension of another word e.g. As the number of ratings given by most users is relatively small compared with the total number of items in a typical system  , data sparsity usually decreases prediction accuracy and may even lead to over-fitting problems. The remainder of this article is structured as follows: In the next section  , we describe our method to automatically quantize the sensor spaces. All feet with directionally compliant flaps which collapse during retraction performed better than feet which in no way collapsed during retraction. The estimates from two methods are very close. For the sort-merge band join  , assuming that the memory is large enough so that both relations can be sorted in two passes each  , the I/O cost consists of three parts: R contain /R pages  , and let S cont'ain ISI pages  , and let  , F he the fraction of R pages that fit in memory. DL + FT achieved the best Tag ranking DTL GFK DLFlickr DL DL+TT DL+BT DL+FT DL+withinDomain Figure 7: The top-N error rates of different approaches for tagging personal photos and an ideal performance obtained by training and testing on ImageNet denoted as DL+withinDomain. We conducted quantitative experiments on the performance of the various techniques  , both individually and in combination  , and compared the performance of our techniques to simple  , text-based compression. Note  , partial bindings  , which come from the same input  , have the same set of unevaluated triple patterns. We can use machine translation to translate contexts and citations and get two views Chinese-Chinese  , For monolingual context and citations Chinese-Chinese or English-English  , we adopt Supervised Semantic Index SSI 19 to model their relevance score. The CSTR has two search options: the simple search a ranked search  , and the advanced search offering a choice between ranked or Boolean  , stemming on/off  , specifying proximity of search terms within the documents  , etc. And then we propose a probabilistic model based approach to explore the blended search problem. The former plays a part in folding the fingers and the latter plays a part in stretching the fingers. The BSBM executes a mix of 12 SPARQL queries over generated sets of RDF data; the datasets are scalable to different sizes based on a scaling factor. The left graph shows a comparison of doing English-German CLIR using the alignments  , the wordlist or the combination of both. Estimating £ ¤ § © in a typical retrieval environment is difficult because we have no training data: we are given a query  , a large collection of documents and no indication of which documents might be relevant. For Q-learning  , we experimentally chose a learning rate α = 0.01 and a discount factor γ = 0.8; these parameters influence the extent to which previously unseen regions of the state-action space are explored. With the rapidly expanding scientific literature  , identifying and digesting valuable knowledge is a challenging task especially in digital library.  The LGM provides a solid and generic foundation for multimedia retrieval  , which can be extended towards a number of directions. Segmentations to piecewise constant functions were done with the greedy top-down method  , and the error function was the sum of squared errors which is proportional to log-likelihood function with normal noise. As for those with complex answer patterns  , we try to locate answer candidates via partial pattern matching. – Random query terms are sent to the fulltext search interface of the archive if present and from the search response we learn the URIs that it holds. Note that although the first two baselines are heuristic and simple   , they do produce reasonable results for short-term popularity prediction  , thus forming competitive baselines see 29. Two questions must be answered to use this approach: i what family of distributions is used a modeling question  , and ii which distribution to choose from the family given the data a model-fitting question. prepend d to all structures enumerated above } Figure 4:  with values of constant length. The last line is explicitly fitting a mixedeffects model using the function lme in the nlme package. We exploit this similarity in our techniques. Figure 7 shows the arrangement of the singlemass arm. The other dramatic effect is the time taken with hill-climbing; not only is it just a fraction of the time taken without hill-climbing  , it is very close to being a constant  , varying between 32- 42ps for this set of randomised motion parameters and hull sizes between 10 and 500. Successors of a node are generated in a random manner until a successor is found that has a better heuristic value than the current configuration. Their experiments reported a Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.8914 on the Miller and Charles 24 benchmark dataset. To date  , tasks are routed to individual workers in a random manner. Before the searches  , each participant filled out a questionnaire to determine age  , education  , gender and computer experience  , and two psychometric testslO  , a test of verbal fluency Controlled Associations  , test FA-1 and a test for structural visualization Paper Folding  , test VZ-2. The criterion used to1 detect this phenomena comes from the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 13. We evaluated each source and combinations of sources based on their predictive value. We check every answer's text body  , and if the text matches one of the answer patterns  , we consider the answer text to be relevant  , and non-relevant otherwise. Secondly  , having a more accurate selection in an incremental transformation allows minimizing the instructions that need to be re-evaluated. Tuning Interrelated Knobs: We may know of fast procedures to tune a set of interrelated knobs. In this section  , we discuss to combine multi-domain relevance for tag recommendation MRR. All of the timings in this section were done on a 120MHz Pentium PC running Linux  , and the code was compiled using the gcc compiler with optimisation turned on  , This figure illustrates clearly the usefulness of hill-climbing  , with the effect being most noticeable for larger hulls. Thus  , in this section  , we discuss the actor similarity module and the implementation of the SNDocRank module. In their work  , a trade-off between novelty a measure of diversity  and the relevance of search results is made explicit through the use of two similarity functions  , one measuring the similarity among documents  , and the other the similarity between document and query. Relevance: On the one hand all of our data is exposed through different formats  , which limits not only their integration and semantic interpretation but also any kind of basic inference across data sources. The ranking is an important part of the Summa search module  , and similarity grouping is handled by the two modules described in this paper. The work is motivated jointly by a need to have search logs available to researchers outside of large search companies and a need to instill trust in the users that provide search data. Tuning λ ≥0 is theoretically justified for reducing model complexity  " the effective degree of freedom "  and avoiding over-fitting on training data 5. is the identity matrix. Semantic query optimization can be viewed as the search for the minimum cost query execution plan in the space of all possible execution plans of the various semantically equivalent hut syntactically ditferent versions of the original query. Hence  , how to develop an effective imputation approach according to the characteristics of effort data is an important research topic. Starting from a random public user  , we iteratively built a mutual graph of users in a Breadth First Search BFS manner. Our second challenge lies in fitting the models to our target graphs  , i.e. We also develop a GUI tool to help users to construct queries in case they are not familiar with the SPARQL syntax. The " Find-sub-query " call on the merge-combine node is slightly different than on a normal combine node. The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. While Broder treated search intents as relatively short-term activities 10  , Marchionini's classification included long-term search activities such as learn and investigate  , and he argued that exploratory searches were searches pertinent to the learn and investigate search activi- ties. 7 we evaluate our initial implementation on the QALD-4 benchmark and conclude in Sect. A challenge of this approach is the tradeoff between the number of cohorts and the predictive power of cohorts on individuals. To this end  , we calculate Pearson correlation coefficient between the result rank position and number of times the result was examined  , clicked  , and ratio of these counts. Incorporating individual slots' probabilities enables the bigram model to allow partial matching  , which is a characteristic of soft pattern matching. A factor graph  , a form of hypergraph representation which is often used in statistical machine learning 6  , associates a factor φe with a hyperedge e ∈ E. Therefore  , most generally  , a relevance score of document D in response to query Q represented by a hypergraph H is given by This relevance score is used to rank the documents in the retrieval corpus. First  , both relations R and S are sorted on the join attribute by using an efficient sorting mechanism e.g. Patterns are organized in a list according to their scores. The sort-merge scmi ,join methods SSSRI and PSSM rcqulrc a similar numher of' disk acccsscs. The workshops are well prepared  , and innovative brainstorming and problem solving methods are used. If there happen to be seven consecutive ups in the history  , SVL will report this single subsequence of length 7 whereas the regular expression would report six different largely overlapping subsequences; there would be three subsequences of length 5  , two subsequences of length 6  , as well as the entire subsequence of length 7. Regarding Cloud computing  , the use of Game Theory for the resource allocation problem is investigated in 30. The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. If the modeled concept is a generic concept such as ComponentType in Fig. The evaluation metric is Mean Average Precision MAP. Researchers always use tables to concisely display their latest experimental results or statistical data. Notice that  , different from the standard edit distance  , the Similar to the computation of the edit distance and the dynamic time warping  , the summed Fréchet distance can be expressed as a recurrence in a straight-forward manner which allows a dynamic programming solution that runs in OM N  time. sort-merge for implementing the join instead of always using tuple substitution. Here  , the common change in all plans across the switch-point is that the hash-join between relations PART and PARTSUPP is replaced by a sort-merge-join. Numerically differentiating position twice  , which is required for impedance causality  , could introduce substantial noise into the system making The transfer function with impedance casuality: importance of admittance causality is clear when considering virtual environments such as rigid body simulations . By averaging over the response of each tree in the forest  , the input fea ture vector is classified as either stable or not. Each search record contains the user query  , a transaction time stamp  , a session identifier and URLs visited by the user. In this work  , we use a similar idea as word embedding to initialize the embedding of user and item feature vectors via additional training data. However  , for query optimization a lower bound estimate of the future costs is always based on the best case for each operation  , i.e. For these arrays  , simulated annealing finds an optimal solution. This provides ground truth to evaluate the effectiveness of the two translation approaches discussed above: machine translation in this case  , we used Google Translate 1  and direct vector projection using the CLIR approach. We obtain results comparable to the state of the art and do so in significantly less time. Moreover  , the Pearson product moment correlation coefficient 8  , 1 I  is utilized to measure the correlation between two itemsets. Such a foot would in fact be more like the basilisk lizard than the standard flat circle used in the previous water runner studies. The final ranking is performed using the same learning-to-rank method as the baseline Aqqu system 3  , which uses the Random Forest model. While Prolog is based on unification and backtracking  , B is based on a simple but powerful pattern-matching mechanism whose application is guided by tactics. proposed GenProg  , an automatic patch generation technique based on genetic programming. We define semantic relevance of a pictogram to be the measure of relevancy between a word query and interpretation words of a pictogram. Hub objects very often appear in the k-NNs of other objects  , and therefore  , are responsible for determining many recommendations . 10 can expressed by In particular  , if sl is equal to one  , then this equation becomes the following transfer function: The transfer function of the model in eq. A RECURSIVE or VIRTUAL-RECURSIVE member function attribute A requires very limited retesting since it was previously individually tested in P and the specification and implementation remain unchanged. Advertisers submit creatives and bid on keywords or search queries. Before getting into the details of our system  , we briefly review the basics of the Q-learning. In summary  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. Intuitively  , affirmative negated words are mapped to the affirmative negated representations  , which can be used to predict the surrounding words and word sentiment in affirmative negated context. Useful information  , including name  , homepage  , rate and comment  , should be separated from web pages by regular expression. Other  , more sophisticated IBT approaches using the maximum subsequence optimization may still yield improvement  , but we leave this as future work. The goal of this step is to take the 2D crease structure and the fold angles of a mesh as input and generate a crease structure that will self-fold the desired angles. In pure thesaurus based retrieval  , documents and queries are matched through their thesaurus based representations   , with document representations derived by an indexer and query representations provided by users. For Australian   , German and Ionosphere data sets there is improvement of 1.98%  , 5.06% and 0.4% respectively when compared with Random Forest Classifier. − Encoding the set of descendant tags: The size of the input document being a concern  , we make the rather classic assumption that the document structure is compressed thanks to a dictionary of tags into the document hierachy at the price of making the DescTag function recursive. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. An important advantage of introducing a language model for each position is that it can allow us to model the " best-matching position " in a document with probabilistic models  , thus supporting " soft " passage retrieval naturally. The first three of them are automatic query translation run  , using our word segmentation approach for indexing  , while the monolingual run we submit uses n-gram based segmentation. quicksort. On the one hand  , such pattern restriction is not unique in entity search. The scope of these free variables is restricted to the rule where they appear just like for Prolog clauses. The learned function f maps each text-image pair to a ranking score based on their semantic relevance. By fitting two of the constants in the impact model which consist of various mass and geometric terms  , we obtained a usable model of impact which predicted average initial translation velocities to within 5 to 15 percent  , initial rotational velocities to within 30 percent. With regard to recall  , Random Indexing outperforms the other approaches for 200 top-ranked suggestions. Each of the 41 QA track runs ~ ,vas re-scored using the pattern matching judgments. In this way  , the longer the optimization time a query is assigned  , the better the quality of the plan will be.2 Complex canned queries have traditionally been assigned high optimization cost because the high cost can be amortized over multiple runs of the queries. Extensive researches on the optimal parameters for the balance of exploration and exploitation were performed2 3. In this section we study the recommendation performance of ExpoMF by fitting the model to several datasets. However  , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D still discriminates most other ranks we find this by limiting the set of query sessions  , which are used to compute the vector states sr  , to query sessions generated by queries of similar frequencies and having a particular set of clicks. The GBRT reranker is by far the best  , improving by over 33% the precision of UDMQ  , which achieved the highest accuracy among all search engines participating in the MQ09 competition. We validated this principle in a quite different context involving combination of the topical and the semantic dimensions 29. We note that xtract also uses the MDL principle to choose the best expression from a set of candidates. Our work is capable of locating more complex properties. Although not the case here  , such data would typically be obtained from a commercial spectrum analyser. We show later that the ALSH derived from minhash  , which we call asymmetric minwise hashing MH-ALSH  , is more suitable for indexing set intersection for sparse binary vectors than the existing ALSHs for general inner products. To reduce the size of our vocabulary  , we ignore case and remove stopwords . These tentative states are regarded as the states in Q-learning at the next iteration. Secondly  , since the queries and the documents are comparable in size  , the similarity measure often used in these search tasks is that of the edit distance inverse similarity  , i.e. A good MT system  , if available  , may perform query translation of reasonable quality for CLIR purposes. On the BSBM dataset  , the performance of all systems is comparable for small dataset sizes  , but RW-TR scales better to large dataset sizes  , for the largest BSBM dataset it is on average up to 10 times faster than Sesame and up to 25 times faster than Virtuoso. The mentorship dataset is collected from 16 famous universities such as Carnegie Mellon and Stanford in the field of computer science. Although our technique is designed with a focus on document-todocument similarity queries  , the techniques are also applicable to the short queries of search engines. The result of a search is a list of information resources. Thus  , our PIRCS system may also be viewed as a combination of the probabilistic retrieval model and a simple language model. We will use these retrieval scores as a feature in learning to rank. Well-known query optimization strategies CeP84 push selections down to the leaves of a query tree. In fact  , the performance of regularization with click logs is still decent ; testing for significance of the difference between run G C and run pLSA has a p-value of 0.077 for ERR-IA@20 and 0.059 for α-nDCG@20. p-value of 0.1 for ERR-IA@20 and 0.054 for α-nDCG@20  , the highest absolute score is achieved across all settings on this set. These results show that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D learns the concept of distance to the previous click  , although this information is not explicitly provided in the document representation. This feature had a Pearson correlation of 0.56 with coreness  , considerably higher than COGENT's 0.3. keeping clicking on the links between Web pages or through some Web page search engines or some combination 2 . The human operator exerts a velocity step. Alternatives to this included using past clicked urls and their time to calculate similarity with the current search documents and using past clicked urls and time to calculate the similarity between clicked documents and search documents  , then predict the time for search documents. Then a search mission is a sequence of consecutive searches  , such that a query of a search shares at least one non-stopword with any previous query within the search mission. The Net- PLSA model15 constructs the u2u-link graph as described in Figure 1a  , merges all documents one user participates in into a single document for that user. If the friendship measure is larger than the threshold  , the friend ID with its rating information is sent back to the target peer. Based on the intuitions above  , we propose to do one-way ANOVA sequentially on each feature and obtain the p-value pk for F k based on the fixed e↵ect model: More importantly  , for achieving interpretability and reducing the risks of over-fitting  , we also hope that output worker subgroups are not too many. And a new strategy is acquired using Q-learning. These two are traditional hashing methods for similarity search. We consider fitting such a function to each user individually . In spite of its reasonably acceptable performance  , it has an important drawback as a relevant page on the topic might be hardly reachable when this page is not pointed by pages relevant to the topic. The likelihood can be written as a function of Purchase times in the observations are generated by using a set of hidden variables θ = {θ 1  , θ2..  , θM } θ m = {βm  , γm}. A depthfirst search strategy has two major advantages. it contains only diagonal elements.  ls: lightly stemmed words  , obtained by using pattern matching to remove common prefixes and suffixes. With weight parameters  , these can be integrated into one distribution over documents  , e.g. In a recent survey 19   , methods of pattern matching on graphs are categorized into exact and inexact matching. The low-end cut off of the transfer function is -25.7dBu 40mV and the highend attenuation point is -7.7dBu 320mV. In many IR tasks document similarity refers to semantic " relevance " among documents  , which are could be syntactically very different but still relevant. Whereas query engines for in-memory models are native and  , thus  , require native optimization techniques  , for triple stores with RDBMS back-end  , SPARQL queries are translated into SQL queries which are optimized by the RDBMS. The general idea in these methods is t o incrementally build a search graph from the initial state and extend it toward the goal state. It is then straightforward to show that the behavior of the model is preserved after replacing each loop by a call to its corresponding anonymous recursive function. Hence other search mechanisms like random search and exhaustive search would take inordinate time 20. Despite such biases  , the MEDLINE collection seems to close to the Japanese newspaper collections see Table  5 rather than the Patent collections. The minmatches+l time series with the highest associated probabilities are identified. Any search session that cannot be categorized as either a re-finding or an exploratory search session is defined as a single query search for the purpose of this study. I laving discussed how dynamic splitting breaks a merge step into sub-steps in response to a memory reduction  , we now present Ihc provision in the dynamic splitting strategy that allows an cxtemal sort to combine existing merge steps to take advantage of extra buffers as they become available. It is difficult to characterize the acceleration of the incremental updates by a multiplicative factor  , as it is clearly a different shape than the standard curves. Under this alternate objective  , we try to maximize the function: This objective therefore controls for the overall likelihood of a bad event rather than controlling for individual bad events. These metrics use Word Embedding models newly trained using the separate Twitter background dataset  , but making use of the word2vec 5 tool. But in high-dimensional spaces the parameter ε specifying the density threshold must be chosen very large  , because a lot of dimensions contribute to the distance values. The following list of user requirements related to CLIR was derived: Together with the observation notes  , the scenarios served to identify key factors for system design. The retrieval function is: This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . A support vector machine was trained on the first three quarters of the data and tested on the unused data. The average width and height of the facets generated by the three methods were about the same  , except that random-occasionally chose some much wider facets. The general interest model captures the user's interests in terms of categories e.g. Given a document corpus  , a traditional search query would " simply " return all documents relevant to the search terms. The terminal symbols are primitive design steps. We detect the name entities using a support vector machine-based classifier 13  , and use the tagged Brown corpus 1 as training examples to train the classifier. A query that produces many results is hurt more by a blocking Sort and benefits more from a semi/fully pipelined pattern tree match physical evaluation. Classifiers were trained according to the probabilistic model described by Lewis 14  , which was derived from a retrieval model proposed by Fuhr 9. This can be achieved by applying the negative logarithm to the original multiplicative estimator function Eq. The first approach is using data-partitioning index trees. As to optimizing functions  , most of existing optimization techniques 6  , 7 treat functions simply as externally defined black boxes accompanying some semantic information. A more likely domain/range restriction enhances the candidate matching. Stream slot filling is done by pattern matching documents with manually produced patterns for slots of interest. They search for a good sequence of tree edit operations using complex and computationally expensive Tree Kernel-based heuristic. The resulting transliteration model is used subsequently for that specific language pair. Importantly  , our navigation-aided retrieval model strictly generalizes the conventional probabilistic information retrieval model  , which implicitly assumes no propensity to navigate formal details are provided in Section 3. For compound digital objects  , including text  , audio  , and video resources  , it is necessary to provide convenient random access to digital contents. To the best of our knowledge  , our paper presents the very first application of all three n-gram based topic models on Gigabyte collections  , and a novel way to integrate n-gram based topic models into the language modeling framework for information retrieval tasks. We show in this paper that this expectation does not hold in practice. One of the challenges in studying an agent's understanding of others is that observed phenomena like behaviours can sometimes be explained as simple stimulus-response learning  , rather than requiring deep understanding. We implement a CNN using a common framework and conduct experiments on 85 datasets. Our predictive models are based on raw geographic distance How many meters is the ATM from me ? The null hypothesis states that the observed times were drawn from the same distribution  , which means that there is no context bias effect. Variation of iterations The impact of a duplication of the number of performed iterations is relatively small and very much depends on the type of investigated graph G. Further information is given in the appendix. This results in a transfer function which is minimum phase with zeros on the imaginary axis. Game theory and interdependence theory Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. We expect that learning word embeddings on a larger corpora such that the percentage of the words present in the word embedding matrix W W W should help to improve the accuracy of our system. Evaluating the k+1 th predicate  , however  , will further cut down on the number of protein ids that emerge from the merge join  , which in turn reduces the number of protein tuples that have to be retrieved. Since our parameter space is small  , we make use of a simple hill climbing strategy  , although other more sophisticated approaches are possible 10. The full topic statements were used for all runs  , and the evaluation used relevance assessments for 21 queries. While our use case has been motivated by statistical data  , a lot of Linked Data sources share this data model structure  , since many of them are derived from relational databases. However  , the activity signatures do give a more granular picture of the work style of different workers. AQuery builds on previous language and query optimization work to accomplish the following goals: 1. For example  , if the query is " night "   , relevant pictograms are first selected using the highest semantic relevance value in each pictogram  , and once candidate pictograms are selected  , the pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category  , which in this case is the TIME category. Search Concept is not fully modelled here  , in addition to Term and Author  , it has conjunctions  , dis- junctions  , and negations as subcortcepts. As such they had to construct a strong notion of the form and content of a relevant image  , which one might call their semantic relevance. At high frequency   , the transfer function is equal to the value-of k ,  , the spring constant of the physical spring. The direct applicability of logical optimization techniques such as rewriting queries using views  , semantic optimization and minimization to XQuery is precluded by XQuery's definition as a functional language 30. Put another way  , the parent relation is clustered optimally for NL-SORT since it is in unique2 order. First we can remark that the imputation accuracies are generally higher than with complete training data 11 . Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q outperforms NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood by a small but statistically significant margin p < 0.001. Future research should concentrate on finding methods by which the performance of CLIR queries could be improved further. Figure 8  , may be thought of as using standard dynamic programming for edit-distance computation  , but savings are achieved by SPF works by finding any one place where I potentially occurs in Q   , if any. We optimize the model parameters using stochastic gradient descent 6  , as follows: This reduces the cost of calculating the normalization factor from O|V| to Olog |V|. Then  , DBSCAN visits the next object of the database D. The retrieval of density-reachable objects is performed by successive region queries. Fast Fourier Transform FFT has been applied to get the Fourier transform for each short period of time. We compute this likelihood for all the clusters. In this paper we: i present a general probabilistic model for incorporating information about key concepts into the base query  , ii develop a supervised machine learning technique for key concept identification and weighting  , and iii empirically demonstrate that our technique can significantly improve retrieval effectiveness for verbose queries. A question chunk  , expected by certain slots  , is assigned in question pattern matching. This factor is determined by observations made by exteroceptive sensors in this case the camera  , and is a function of the similarity between expected measurements and observed measurements. The performance of the stacked model does not come without cost  , however. Unfortunately  , the correct recursive function to induct upon is obscured by the many irrelevant terms in the hypothesis. This strategy builds up sets " naively " for " interesting " arguments of the function. All these factors turned out to be significantly correlated with MCAS score p < .05  , N=417 Particularly  , the correlations between the two online measures ORIGINAL_PERCENT_CORRECT and PERCENT_CORRECT and MCAS score are 0.753 and 0.763  , even higher than the correlation between SEP-TEST and MCAS score actually  , 0.745. For example  , the extended VarTrees and TagTrees of example Q1 and Q2 are depicted in Figure 6respectively. For example  , for the query " bank of america online banking "   , {banking  , 0.001} are all valid segmentations  , where brackets   are used to indicate segment boundaries and the number at the end is the probability of that particular segmentation. Probabilistic CLIR. which means that after k control steps the signal reaches the confidence zone. The system estimates the semantic relevance between a comment and a news article by measuring the cosine similarity between the original news article and reader comment  , after all proper nouns have been removed from both. Contrary to previous works  , our results show clearly that parallel query optimization should not imply restricting the search space to cope with the additional complexity. The consideration of RDF as database model puts forward the issue of developing coherently all its database features. As mentioned before  , our semantic topic compass framework relies on incorporating the semantics of words into the feature space of the studied topic  , aiming at characterising the relevance and ambiguity of the these features. As ohservcd in the mcasuremcnts at S ,  , the sort-merge methods require more disk accesses than the nested loops methods due IO sorting. Relational autocorrelation  , a statistical dependency among values of the same variable on related en- tities 7  , is a nearly ubiquitous phenomenon in relational datasets. System poles are the roots of the denominator polynomial of the transfer function and zeros are the roots of the numerator polynomial. So our approach is to heuristically use the equations obtained in Theorem 4  , Theorem 5  , and Corollary 6 to choose which tables need to be sampled and compute their sample sizes  , i.e. allows the planning of time-optimal trajectories using phase plane shooting methods or by dynamic programming . The depth-first search instead of the breadth-first search is used because many previous studies strongly suggest that a depth-first search with appropriate pseudo-projection techniques often achieves a better performance than a breadth-first search when mining large databases. However  , conversations are bound to evolve in different conversational patterns  , leading to a progressive decay in the matching ambiguity. This first segmentation may contain some errors  , e.g. Moreover   , the advantage of using this software and pattern is to eliminate human-introduced errors in the selection and matching of points. They showed empirically the convergence of Q-learning in that case. The Social Intelligence BenchMark SIB 11  is an RDF benchmark that introduces the S3G2 Scalable Structure-correlated Social Graph Generator for generating social graphs that contain certain structural correlations. This dynamic programming gives O|s| 2  running time solution. If the model fitting has increased significantly  , then the predictor is kept. The results presented in this paper show that MRD-based CLIR queries perform almost as well as monolingual queries  , if domain specific MRD is used together with general MRD and queries are structured on the basis of the output of dictionaries . The recent development of Cloud systems and the rapid growth of the Internet have led to a remarkable development in the use of the Game Theory tools. Alternate approaches have to be found to make the transfer function appear passive for the case when is large. Then  , we present a fully unsupervised framework that implements all the functionalities provided by the general method. Whenever an external force is applied to the hand controller  , the end-point of the hand controller will move in response. For the quality evaluation function  , we use the Pearson Correlation Coefficient ρ as the metric measuring the distance between the human annotated voice quality score and the predicted voice quality. We usually settle at a maximum within 15–25 iterations: Figure 3shows that Jα quickly grows and stabilizes with successive iterations. Concatenation   , alternation  , and transitive closure are interpreted as function composition  , union  , and function transitive closure respectfully. This simplifies query optimization Amma85. Silhouette hypotheses were rendered from a cylindrical 3D body model to an binary image buffer using OpenGL. Thus  , there are can be no interior maxima  , and the likelihood function is thus maximized at some xv  , where the derivative is undefined. McCarley 28 trained a statistical MT system from a parallel corpus  , applied it to perform QT and DT  , and showed that the combination of scores from QT and DT drastically improved either method alone. We divide information used for modeling user search intents into two categories – long-term history and short-term context. Semantic errors were reported to developers who quickly confirmed their relevance and took actions to correct them. But  , the choice of right index structures was crucial for efficient query execution over large databases. Matching of a substantial part of an extracted EUC model to an EUC pattern indicates potential incompleteness and/or incorrectness at the points of deviation from the pattern. We performed three official automatic CLIR runs and 29 post-hoc automatic CLIR runs. Each sample consist of the current gaze angles and the joint angles of the DOFs we are interested in. However  , the accuracy of query translation is not always perfect. Established methods for determining model structure are at best computationally intensive  , besides not easily automated. This suggests that  , while party members may be found at different positions in the leftright spectrum  , media outlets tend to pick legislators who are representatives of the two parties' main ideologies  , such as Left-wing Democrats or Right-wing Republicans. RANDOOP is closer to the other side of the random-systematic spectrum: it is primarily a random input generator  , but uses techniques that impose some systematization in the search to make it more effective . The vector of parameters to be optimised is given byˆP by the means ofˆcofˆ ofˆc i and T k   , before being projected into the corresponding image. We perform modelling experiments framed as a binary classification problem where the positive class consists of 217 of the re-clicked Tweets analysed above 5 . A softmax regressor layer is connected to FC9 to output the label of input samples. The matching percentage is used because the pattern may contain only a portion of the data record. The search latency was controlled by using a clientside script that adjusted search latency by a desired amount of delay. Semantic relevance. A learning session consists in initializing the Q function randomly  , then performing several sequences of experiments and learning until a good result is achieved. Correlations were measured using the Pearson's correlation coefficient. With the hypothesis that some missed important functionalities may occur in another position in the same program  , GenProg attempts to automatically repair defective program with genetic programming 38. The above EM procedure is ensured to converge  , which means that the log-likelihood of all observed ratings given the current model estimate is always nondecreasing. To determine relevant sources we first need to identify the region in data space that contains all possible triples matching the pattern. The example x is then labelled with the class y  , the newly labelled example x  , y is temporarily inserted into the training set  , and then its class and class probability distribution Q are newly predicted. Lee  , Nam and Lyou  l l  and Mohri  , Yamamoto and Marushima  171 find an optimized coordination curve using dynamic programming. The two essential parts are summarized in Figure 3. To compare the behavior of Arab and non-Arab users as defined in Data Section  , we present the two user populations in FiguresTable 5shows Pearson product-moment correlation r and Spearman rank correlation coefficient ρ between the percentage of #JSA tweets and the percentage of Muslims in the country's population in various slices of data. Relevance measurements were integrated within a probabilistic retrieval model for reranking of results. The k-n-match problem models the similarity search as matching between the query object and the data objects in n dimensions  , where these n dimensions are determined dynamically to make the query object and the data objects in the answer set match best. We first analyzed the theoretical property of kernel LSH KLSH. Some simple context search methods use the similarity measure to compute similarity between a document and context bag-of-words or word vector. Also  , they support the regular expression style for features of words. RSJ relevance weighting of query terms was proposed in 1976 5 as an alternative term weighting of 2 when relevant information is available. Our goal is to obtain a precise position controller with high bandwidth shown in Fig. As an alternative or auxiliary to directly aligning between standards and curricular resources on the one hand  , and trying to infer relevance from the structural and semantic similarity of standards across standard sets on the other  , the feasibility of standard crosswalking – that is  , inferring alignment in one set of standards based on alignments in another – has been explored; e.g. The reason is that we map different overall detection ratios to the same efficiency class  , respectively  , different sets of individual detection ratios to the same span by using the range subdivisions . Used features. Use of only the most likely of those translations turned out to be an effective expedient  , but only when an appropriate threshold on cumulative probability was selected. An illustrative example of a catalog and its respective conversion is available online 7 . To retrieve better intention-conveying pictograms using a word query  , we proposed a semantic relevance measure which utilizes interpretation words and frequencies collected from a web survey. For TREC-7 and TDT-2 we had been using PRISE  , but our interest in trying out Pirkola's technique for CLIR led to our choice of Inquery for CLIR TREC-8. The instrumentation is based on rules for pattern-matching and is thus independent of the actual application. These paths are then synthesized using a global search technique in the second phase. Third  , we want to extend the modeling scope from a search engine result page to a search session. On the other hand  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. Since we assume the problem solving task  , the unbiased Q-learning takes long time. In particular all of the signatures we need to evaluate can be expressed as stringset1. Future studies will generate promising results in all aspects where both a large number of data and interaction between agents are present. The coverage of a target regular expression r by a sample S is defined as the fraction of transitions in the corresponding Glushkov automaton for r that have at least one witness in S. Definition 6. Since distinguished variables are assumed to appear exactly once in the consequents of rules with the potential of repeated variables being real&d by equalities in the antecedent  , h is a function. In our experiments we randomly split the movies into a training set and a test set. Users do not have to possess knowledge about the database semantics  , and the query optimieer takes this knowledge into account to generate Semantic query optimization is another form of automated programming. The algebraic properties of AS allow us to quickly calculate the AS of an n-gram from the CAS encoded record. From each mention  , a set of semantic terms is extracted  , and the number of mentions a term derives from can be used to quantify its relevance for a document. c Learning on unlocked table: robot correctly estimates a mass and friction that reproduce the observed trajectory. We expect melodic pattern matching to involve what we call " complex traversal " of streamed data. Several follow-up work tries to address the limitations of TSM from different perspectives. We leverage a Random Forest RF classifier to predict whether a specific seller of a product wins the Buy Box. All these techniques rely on similarity functions which only use information from the input string and the target entity it is supposed to match. Details on how the model is optimized using Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD are given in Section V. This is followed by experiments in Section VI. In the same vein  , there are several examples of navigational queries in the IBM intranet where the best result is a function of the geography of the user  , i.e. In typical document search  , it is also commonly used– e.g. The composition of the patterns  , the testing methodology  , and the results  , are detailed in Fernandes  , 2004. The actual CLIR research seeks to answer the question how fuzzy translation should be applied in an automatic CLIR query formulation and interactive CLIR to achieve the best possible retrieval performance. Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method  , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. The basic idea behind our approach is similar in spirit to the one proposed by Hammcr5 and KingS for knowledge-based query optimization  , in the sense that we are also looking for optimization by semantic transformation. In order to transfer the knowledge smoor;hly  , the state spaces in both the previous and current stages should be consistent with each other. In this section  , we describe the approach we have adopted for addressing the CLIR problem. To build the DocSpace  , Semantic Vectors rely on a technique called Random Indexing 4  , which performs a matrix reduction of the term-document matrix. If the samples are spaced reasonably densely which is easily done with only a few dozen samples  , one can guarantee that the global maximum of the likelihood function can be found. The cut off frequency of the LPF is much lower than the resonance frequency of the In general  , the transfer function of a multilayer piezo is represented by the second order system. It is suspected that the trust exhibited in this game was partly related on how people perceive the robot from a game theory perspective  , in which the 'smart' thing to do is to send higher amounts of money in order to maximize profit. Earlier authors have considered instead using hill-climbing approaches to adjust the parameters of a graph-walk 14. Templates that did not have any matching queries were excluded. Keyword search refers to such search behavior demonstrated by a random visitor to the forum site  , who may or may not have participated in the forum discussions in the past. Specifically  , the <VisualDescriptor> tags  , in the figure  , contain scalable color  , color layout  , color structure  , edge histogram  , homogeneous texture information to be used for image similarity search. In an early attempt  , Anuta l  used cross-correlation to search for corresponding features between registered images; later he introduced the idea of using fast Fourier transform. To give proper answers for these questions  , we propose a new approach to content-targeted advertising based on Genetic Programming GP. Task T k loads the assigned partition P k and produces an inverted index to be used during the partition-wise comparison. A random forest has many nice characteristics that make it promising for the problem of name disambiguation. A rewrite rule is a double grafting transformation consisting of a tree pattern T also called " the lefthand side "  and advice Γ that is applied to the source at all locations where T matches. Section 5 reports our experimental results. Similarly  , we define the probability of observing the document dm given the sentences present in it as follows. Our tests in TREC8 showed that using Web documents to train a probabilistic model is a reasonable approach. We further leverage answers to a question to bridge the vocabulary gap between a review and a question. Additional parameters are tuned by running a hill-climbing search on the training data. Both tasks use topic models to retrieve similar documents. Next  , we describe our deep learning model and describe our experiments. Blog post opinion retrieval aims at developing an effective retrieval function that ranks blog posts according to the likelihood that they are expressing an opinion about a particular topic. The method using Dynamic Programming DP matching is proposed to compare demonstrations and normalize them. That means the in memory operation account for significant part in the evaluation cost and requires further work for optimization. The query optimization steps are described as transformation rules or rewriting rules 7. Recent work has only just begun to incorporate temporal information into statistical relational models.  The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. Rating imputation is prediction of ratings for items where we have implicit rating observations. 16  develops a cross-lingual relevancy model by leveraging the crosslingual co-occurrence statistics in parallel texts. Our approach allows both safe optimization and approximate optimization. We decided to compare effective and random relative access rate for links with low rank on the top of the list and links with traffic-based cues. For MR-TDSSM  , we implemented two LSTMs in different rates  , where the fast-rate LSTM uses daily signals and the slow-rate LSTM uses weekly signals. Moreover  , as the semantic information about the database and thus the corresponding space of semantically equivalent queries increases  , the optimization cost becomes comparable to the cost of query execution plan  , and cannot be ignored. This provides a measure of the quality of executing a state-action pair. We calculate three similarity weights based on the users playcount  , users tag and users friendships respectively using the Pearson correlation coefficient and then use their weighted sum in place of wa ,u in equation 3. In this paper  , we assumed that the parameter values Eps and MinPts of DBSCAN do not change significantly when inserting and deleting objects. Finally   , given the increasing ease of online experimentation  , one of the more important directions is empirically testing the efficacy of virtual incentive schemes in the wild 30  , 20. However  , we found that the 4-parameter gravity model: By fitting the model to observed flows  , we might mask the very signal we hope to uncover  , that is  , the error. The curse of dimensionality referred to here has been widely addressed in the fraiiiework of dynamic programming in the literature 1131. Because the feature functions are only relied on local dependencies  , it enables the efficient search of top-K corrections via Dynamic Programming . The optimization of Equation 7 is related to set cover  , but not straightforwardly. In 9  , separate GPs are used to model the value function and state-action space in dynamic programming problems. If this were the case  , a random search would find one of those feasible solutions quickly. In addition  , we will cast the model in a more principled graphical model framework  , formulating it as a latent variable model where the summary " influence " weights between pairs of nodes are hidden variables that change over time and affect the statistical dependencies between attribute values of incident nodes. Diankov and Kuffner propose a method called 'Randomized A*' 4  , primarily for dealing with discretization issues in continuous state spaces. Although they also used genetic programming  , their evaluation was limited to small programs such as bubble sorting and triangle classification  , while our evaluation includes real bugs in open source software. For example  , consider the comment of the focus group participant who critiqued the relative difficulty of browsing in MIR systems  " You also can't choose random CDs  , which I suppose is the advantage of shops as you can just search at random " ; Section 4.1. Similar to most existing approaches  , our information extractor can only be applied to web pages with uniform format. For our proposed approach  , for both Apps and News data sets  , we first run three sets of experiments to train single-view DNN models  , each of which corresponds to a dimension reduction method in Section 6 SV-TopK ,SV-Kmeans and SV-LSH. To test our hypotheses about the usefulness of our WYSIAWYH paradigm in supporting local browsing  , we compared the SCAN browser  , with a control interface that supported only search. For example  , the value of the likelihood function corresponding to our desirable parameter values where class A generates t1  , class B generates t2  , class N generates t3 is 2 −4 while for a solution where class A generates the whole document d1 and class B generates the whole document d2  , the value of the likelihood function is 2 −8 . When an aspect is enabled  , the display of any program text matched by the pattern is highlighted with the aspect's corresponding color. We then ran the test concretely with each segment as the input file and compared its result with the result of the known correct version of grep on the same segment and the same regular expression. Each participant was expected to carry out a search task on each one of Search Friend's interfaces systematically. Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. In addition to the data provided by Zimmermann et al. the one that is to be classified with respect to a similarity or dissimilarity measure. We found that in spite of the abstract nature of the dimension being coded quality of interaction interobserver reliability was quite high  average Pearson Correlation between 5 independent observers was 0.79 44  , 42. Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design  , and they do not have single  , clear semantics. Subjects in Group A took extra time to set up their search target before actually beginning the search. However  , they do not deal with the latter problem  , suggesting further investigation as future work. Our main contribution is the search engine that can organize large volumes of these complex descriptors so that the similarity queries can be evaluated efficiently. The detection of common sub-expressions is done at optimization time  , thus  , all queries need to be optimized as a batch. Our approach to the second selection problem has been discussed elsewhere6 ,7. On the 99-node cluster  , indexing time for the first English segment of the ClueWeb09 collection ∼50 million pages was 145 minutes averaged over three trials; the fastest and slowest running times differed by less than 10 minutes. The search interface included a search form to allow the use of the extracted information in search. Then PLSA is used directly to get the topic information of the user. CombMNZ requires for each r a corresponding scoring function sr : D → R and a cutoff rank c which all contribute to the CombMNZ score:  We also computed the difference between RRF and individual MAP scores  , 95% confidence intervals  , and p-value likelihood under the null hypothesis that the difference is 0. To summarize  , we propose to replace the UPA and EDC constraint in the XML Schema specification by the robust notion of 1PPT. The analog circuit for transfer function 28 and also software procedure 30 were realized. However  , Grimson lo has shown that in the gencpal case  , where spurious m e a surements can arise  , the amount of search needed to find the hest interpretation is still exponential. In this paper  , as a first step towards developing such nextgeneration search engine  , a prototype search system for Web and TV programs is developed that performs integrated search of those content  , and that allows chain search where related content can be accessed from each search result. Since they end with the word died  , we use pattern matching to remove them from the historic events. They are  , however  , at a disadvantage in interactivity  , graphical presentation and popularity of the computational language. However  , specific non-dictionary nouns and proper names often supply key evidence on the relevance of documents with respect to a query. This gives us two similarity values for each search result. The t's necessary to generate a parser's time-formula may be chosen interactively using a variant of Kirchhoff's law 9 which is applicable to grammar rules. The solution to this problem also has applications in " traditional " query optimization MA83 ,UL82. WNB-G-MCMC also performs slightly better than WNB-MCMC. In a first step the name is converted to its unique SMILES representation: For each matching SMARTS pattern  , we set the corresponding bit to 1. The size of the dynamic programming table increases exponentially with the number of sequences  , making this problem NP-hard for an arbitrary number of sequences 18  , and impractical for more than a few. Then we argue its asynchronous convergence using game theory. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection  , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. They use both a probabilistic information retrieval model and vector space models. In TREC-10 the Berkeley group participated only in the English-Arabic cross-language retrieval CLIR track. The individual right that the teacher Martin holds  , allowing him to reproduce an excerpt of the musical piece during a lesson  , is derived from the successful matching between the instances describing the intended action and the instances describing the pattern. If we assign a reward function according to the Euclidean distance to the goal to speed 13t8 Table 2up the learning  , we would suffer from local maxima of Q-values because the Euclidean distance measure cannot always reflect the length of the action sequence because of the non-holonomic property of the mobile robot. We experimentally address the question of how many example strings are needed to learn a regular expression with crx and iDTD. Our training set consists of 13 ,649 images; and among them  , 3 ,784 were pornography and 9 ,865 were not. A more difficult bias usually causes a greater proportion of features to fail KS. TL-PLSA outperforms the other three approaches  , especially in terms of precision  , when there is a large percentage of unshared classes Figure 5. The main contribution of this paper is twofold: we combine previously known game theory strategies into ontology reasoning and present a measure to systematically evaluate the inconsistencies in ontologies. To our best knowledge  , we are the first to use visual saliency maps in search scenario. We are however not interested in abstract structures like regular expressions   , but rather in structures in terms of user-defined domains . This subset size corresponds to a scenario where the pages are evenly distributed over a 16-node search engine   , which is the typical setup in our lab. These features are then used in 24 to implement a transformational framework that  , starting from a dedicated programming language  , produces XML data for model checking as well as executable artifacts for testing. Likewise  , for the example in section 1.4  , the objective function at our desirable solutions is 0.5  , and have value 0.25 for the unpartitioned case. Thus  , learning to rank can also be regarded as a classification problem  , where the label space Y is very large. Also note that since the load is connected to the end-effector  , both terminologies "load velocity" and "end-effector velocity" refer to v as derived by equation 2. where G is the actuator transfer function relating the input command to the actuator to the end-effector velocity; S is the actuator sensitivity transfer function relating the line tensile force fR to the end-effector velocity  , v   , A positive value for v represents a downward speed for the load. Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , it also improves query execution efficiency since it makes it possible for optimizers to always run at their highest optimization level as the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. Then  , tracker will continue to search through fine search for the target with smaller standard deviation and same number of samples. In Section 5 we will discuss a possible spectrum of validators . We expected the first prefix-global feature to receive a large negative weight  , guided by the intuition that humans would always go directly to the target as soon as this is possible. We have implemented all documented tgrep functions in our engine and have additionally implemented both regular expression matching of nodes and reflection-based runtime specification of predicate functions . Instead of inserting records into a B+-tree as they arrive  , they are organized in-memory into sorted runs. Mean values and first and third quartiles are given in Figure 4for both ambiguous and non ambiguous topics. A transfer function converts the handlebar deviation to an actual steering angle. The data element ARTICLE_PRICE_DETAILS can be used multiple with disjunctive intervals. As the chart illustrates  , determing trust values during query execution dominates the query execution time. We plot two different metrics – RMS deviation and log-likelihood of the maximum-marginal interpretation – as a function of iteration . Instance learning approaches exploit regularities available in Deep Web pages in terms of DOM structures for detecting data records and their data items. Packaging: not relevant  , usually all routines are linked together in one executable program  , but overlays and dynamic linkage libraries are stored separately. The more general the model  , the more effort it will expend on fitting to specific features of the training documents that will generalize to the full relevant population. With RL D-k it is not necessary to adjust the transition time such as in Q-learning to get an optimal behaviour of the vehicle. 7 Given the large class imbalance  , we applied asymmetric misclassification costs. Further  , by starting with 1 and incrementing by 1  , the enumeration order is valid for dynamic programming: for every subset  , all its subsets are generated before the subset itself. the minimal cost-to-go policy is known as using a greedy strategy. Currently programming is done in terms of files. Often  , the structure of the game is preprogrammed and a game theory based controller is used to select the agent's actions. In the conventional model these news packages have a number of common features: the contents are decided by the editor and the contributing writers  , the coverage of stories represents a national or sometimes regional perspective  , and the depth of coverage of an individual story is determined by the editors' judgment of the general readership's interest in it. Aside from being easy to implement and having an agreeable time complexity  , DBSCAN has many relevant advantages including its capacity to form arbitrarily shaped clusters and to automatically detect outliers. These models utilize the bilingual compositional vector model biCVM of 9 to train a retrieval system based on a bilingual autoencoder. The experiments were run under similar conditions of load  , speed and temperature  , of a single ultrasonic motor.  A thread added to lock one of the two involved tables If the data race happens  , the second query will use old value in query cache and return wrong value while not aware of the concurrent insert from another client. We will extensively use this property during the construction of our MoIR and CLIR models. The data was provided via a widely available mobile search and navigation application installed on the iPhone and Android platforms. Section 2 introduces Pearson Rank ρ r   , our novel correlation coefficient  , and shows that it has several desirable properties. Best-first search which uses admissible function  , finds the first goal node that is also the optimal one. Several other strategies for input generation have been proposed symbolic execution combined with constraint solving 30  , 18  , direct setting of object fields 5  , genetic programming 29  , etc. So it is very interesting to compare the CLQS approach with the conventional query expansion approaches. We currently concentrate on system design and integration. Specifically  , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. Latent semantic models based on the latent space matching approach learn vector representations for queries and documents  , such that the distance between a query vector vQ and a document vector vD reflects the degree of relevance of the document D to the query Q. In the third set of experiments   , we apply our framework in the same manner as the first set  , except that the unformatted text block detection component is not used. It is ideally suited for data already stored on a distributed file system which offers data replication as well as the ability to execute computations locally on each data node. Under the Clarke-Tax  , users are required to indicate their privacy preference  , along with their perceived importance of the expressed preference. A version of the corpus is annotated with various linguistic information such as part-of-speech  , morphology  , UMLS semantic classes. The number of segments and their end points can now be determined efficiently using dynamic programming. 5shows the search result of a product search with Preference SQL via a mobile WAP phone. These interfaces provide query translation from the source language into the target languages using bilingual dictionaries . As each evaluated state in the search requires execution of a collision detection method  , an efficient method will effectively reduce the magnitude of the base of the exponential relationship  , significantly improving the time performance of the search. The electrothermal actuators used in the AFAM can be represented by a first order transfer function 13 with a typical thermal bandwidth of 50Hz. The time points are identified for the best matching of the segments with pattern templates. A sample S covers a deterministic regular expression r if it covers the automaton obtained from S using the Glushkov construction for translating regular expressions into automata 14. As mentioned earlier  , X k ,j denotes the corresponding user feature vector. The difference is the risk to loose the exact plot locations over the original projection. While some approaches use special ranking loss layers 10  , we have extended the CNN architecture using a sigmoid layer instead of the softmax layer and a cross entropy loss function. Such queries are supported efficiently by spatial access methods such as R*trees BKSS 903 for data from a vector space or M-trees 4 IncrementalDBSCAN DBSCAN  , as introduced in EKSX 961  , is applied to a static database. Similarity measures that are based on search result similarity 8 are not necessarily correlated with reformulation likelihood. Collapse combines the properties in labels along a path to create a new label for the entire path. Extending this to CLIR is straightforward given a multilingual thesaurus. We modelled a servo motor and driver sub-system including load as a transfer function Gm  , hence we can express limited performance of load-motor-driver units. Because of the first point  , the rarity of electronic sources for translation  , investigators may be drawn to use the resources most readily available to them  , rather than those best suited for bilingual retrieval. Whether the European Article Number EAN or the Global Trade Item Number GTIN is mapped depends on the type-attribute supplied with the BMEcat element. where random is a randomly generated number between 0 and 3. Secondly  , constructed data quality features were added to the original data and thirdly  , feature selection was applied to the second version to control the effect of adding features 2. imputation of missing values with class mean  , centering and scaling. Given their inherent overlap  , a mapping between the models is reasonable with some exceptions that require special attention. 6 Similarly to the concerns raised in the context of external rewards and incentivisation 18  , gamification has been seen  , in some context  , to undermine intrinsic benefits by subjugating and trivialising contributions into simple game goals and achievements. At test time  , the random forest will produce T class distributions per pixel x. We specify the techniques in a first-order logic framework and illustrate the definitions by a running example throughout the paper: a goal specifies the objective of finding the best restaurant in a city  , and a Web service provides a search facility for the best French restaurant in a city. The max-plus model used for the computation of the first component of the transfer function matrix comes from the marking of the Petri net at time zero  , w l c h has been already described We need 10 initial conditions to determine the evolution of the net. The dynamic programming is performed off-line and the results are used by the realtime controllers. However  , existing work primarily focuses on various aspects of query-local data management  , query execution   , and optimization. We also observed that the relative performance between U-AHC and F OPTICS  , and between F DBSCAN and U-AHC did not substantially vary with the dataset. We want to semantify text by assigning word sense IDs to the content words in the document. distances to cosine similarity  , and further convert cosine similarity to L2 distance with saved 2-norms. This paper presents a multi-agent architecture for dynamic scheduling and control of manufacturing cells based on actor framawork . Figure 2gives an example of image similarity search. First  , we see that both pLSA and LapPLSA with different resources  can outperform the baseline. Each size of the model of quadrangle  , each location of the pattern matching model  , and the location of the center of iris are established. Lin and Kumar 9 and Walrand 15 consider an W 2 system with heterogeneous machines  , using dynamic programming or probabilistic arguments to prove that the optimal policy is of the threshold type. As an example  , we use the RP assembler in combination with the C programming language to fully utilize RP's vector capabilities in writing inverse kinematic and inverse dynamic computations. Then we run another three sets of experiments for MV-DNN. To examine the last condition of the Popov stability criterion the frequency characteristics of the above transfer function is plotted on the complex plane of Re x coordinate  , is modified based on the estimated gradient. that map type names to regular expressions over pairs at  of element names a and type names t. Throughout the article we use the convention that element names are typeset in typewriter font  , and type names are typeset in italic. If no handler is found in the whole call stack  , the exception handler mechanism either propagates a general exception or the program is terminated. For ESTER  , we implemented a particularly efficient realization of a hash join which exploits that the word ranges of our queries are small. Changes in the robot's base position to the left  , right or back did not notably increase the overall grasp quality in that setup. Note that the sign of effort and flow variables has been chosen such that the effort is forcing the flow inside the system . Usually  , such patterns take into account various alternative formulations of the same query. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS97  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. Given a topic relevance score  , for each query  , the score of each retrieved document in the baseline is given by the above exponential function f rank with the parameter values obtained in the fitting procedure. The readers can find advanced document embedding approaches in 7. shows that  , in the limit  , the relative degree of the transfer function is ill-defined. In the current version of IRO-DB  , the query optimizer applies simple heuristics to detach subqueries that are sent to the participating systems. Time series similarity search under the Euclidean metric is heavily I/O bound  , however similarity search under DTW is also very demanding in terms of CPU time. We consider MV-DNN as a general Deep learning approach in the multi-view learning setup. This work evaluated a number of search strategies for the retrieval of Arabic documents  , using the TREC Arabic corpus as the test bed. We used pattern matching to extract and normalize this information. The basic assumption of our proposed Joint Relevance Freshness Learning JRFL model is that a user's overall impression assessment by combining relevance and freshness for the clicked URLs should be higher than the non-clicked ones  , and such a combination is specific to the issued query. Fitting with power-law models  , we report the following exponents: α: blog in-links distribution  , β: blog out-links distribution  , τ : latencies distribution  , γ : cascade sizes distribution. When searching for syllabi on a generic search engine the best case scenario is that the first handful of links returns the most popular syllabi and the rest of them are not very relevant. Weston et al 30 propose a joint word-image embedding model to find annotations for images. We assume that XML documents are tokenized by a languagedependent tokenizer to identify linguistic tokens. We also embedded the collision detection method within a search routine to generate collision-free paths. Overall  , we find that there is only a weak correlation 0.157 between snippet viewing time and relevance. Thus  , optimization may reduce the space requirements to Se114 of the nonoptimized case  , where Se1 is the selectivity factor of the query. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios  , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought l  , 9  , lo . The consolidated stoppage points are subsequently clustered using a modified DBSCAN technique to get the identified truck stops. The search space is uniformly sampled at random. A simple breadth-first search is quite effective in discovering the topic evolution graphs for a seed topic Figure 4and Figure 5a. In this case  , since the shoulder line was almost vertical and did not give any clues on the tangent direction of the part  , the direction of the grip coordinates determined from the model shape was used as it was. The experts were not involved in the development of any of the two tools and were not aware of which tool produces which verbalization. A character-level FM-INDEX for a text can be stored in a fraction of the space occupied by the text itself  , and provides pattern search and with small overhead random-access decoding from any location in the text. Their main purpose is to give search engine users a comprehensive recommendation when they search using a specific query. Ballesteros and Croft explored query expansion methods for CLIR and reported " combining pre-and post-translation expansion is most effective and improves precision and recall. " That is  , the specific pattern-matching mechanism has to influence only that application context. The techniques of unanchored mode operation  , sub-pattern matching   , 'don't care' symbols  , variable precursor position anchoring and selective anchoring as described for a single cascade can be extended to this twodimensional pattern matching device. To the best of our knowledge  , this study is the first to address the practical challenge of keeping an OSN-based search / recommender system up-to-date  , a challenge that has become essential given the phenomenal growth rate of user populations in today's OSNs 2. When data objects are represented by d-dimensional feature vectors   , the goal of similarity search for a given query object q  , is to find the K objects that are closest to q according to a distance function in the d-dimensional space. It utilizes containment mapping for identifying redundant navigation patterns in a query and later for collapsing them to minimize the query. However  , our main interest here is less in accurately modeling term occurrences in documents   , and more in the potential of pLSA for automatically identifying factors that may correspond to relevant concepts or topics. This avoids numerically unsound calculations such as inversion of transfer function matrices. Based on the assumption that users prefer those tweets related to the profile and popular in social media  , we consider social attributes as follow  ,  Then  , the semantic score and quality score are utilized to evaluate the relevance and quality of a tweet for a certain profile. The first context instance in Figure 1has a matching relation with the first pattern in Figure 2. Since the full graphic structure information of a molecule is unavailable  , we use partial formulae as substructures for indexing and search. For example  , the candidate patterns for URL1 are http : Step 2: To determine whether a segment should be generalized  , we accumulate all candidate patterns over the URL database. In Section 2  , we provide some background information on XML query optimization and the XNav operator. Each word type is associated with its own embedding. Consequently the derivation starts with the translation of the associated fragment by evaluating the following function: The recursive rule rcr , ,.ure is achieved by: RULfhceurriva Closure  , e  , Ccrorurc  , immediate ,@ where Cclo ,urc is the conditions extracted from the function between " Floor-Request " and " Closure " . In the case of a physician  , the search is performed on technical article collections  , which include medical research publications. OOV problem consists of having a dictionary that is not able to completely cover all terms of a language or  , more generally  , of a domain . To compute the similarity weights w i ,k between users ui and u k   , several similarity measures can be adopted  , e.g. For arbitrary rooted trees  , one can use an inner dynamic programming in a similar way as in Section 2. The cosine similarity is defined as follows: We define the following well-known similarity measures: the cosine similarity and Pearson correlation coefficient. Such standards can significantly help to improve the automatic exchange of data. We thus avoid training and testing on the same dataset. This capability is crucial for many different data management tasks such as data modeling   , data integration  , query formulation  , query optimization  , and indexing. The sensing structure consisted of  , from top to bottom  , an SMP layer  , a heating circuit layer  , two layers of paper  , and a sensing copper-clad polyimide layer which contained the loop where voltage was measured Fig. A large η tends to make the interest-related language model more discriminative because more general words are generated from the background model. Query type Q1 of the QUERY test represents a sequence of random proximity queries details below. The BWESG-based representation of word w  , regardless of its actual language  , is then a dim-dimensional vector: The model learns word embeddings for source and target language words which are aligned over the dim embedding dimensions and may be represented in the same shared inter-lingual embedding space. Since there are a lot of noise data  , DBSCAN with larger Eps is likely to include those noise data and cause chain affection  , forming serval larger clusters instead of small individual clusters. Moreover  , it can extract semantically relevant query translations to benefit CLIR. We find that the subspaces of s0 and s1 are well separated from the subspaces of sr computed at lower positions; the subspaces of s2 and s3 are also separated from the subspaces of sr computed for other ranks  , but have a significant overlap with each other. Due to the absence of the training corpus  , the tuning of all parameters was performed on the testing data using a brute-force hill-climbing approach. Now that we have described our approach to model the relations between subtopics extracted from multiple resources  , the next question is: how can we combine the relations between the explicit subtopics with the implicit subtopics ? For TREC-9  , the CLIR task used Chinese documents from Hong Kong. This dataset was extracted from random queries sampled from Yahoo! The optimization techniques being currently implemented in our system are : the rewriting of the FT 0 words into RT o   , a generalization of query modification in order to minimize the number of transitions appearing in the query PCN  , the transformation of a set of database updates into an optimized one as SellisgS does  , and the " push-up " of the selections. This vector is the mean direction of the prediction PDF  , The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. 36 developed heuristics to promote search results with the same topical category if successive queries in a search session were related by general similarity  , and were not specializations  , generalizations or reformulations. By changing the parameter k  , we can realize the variable viscosity elements. This indicates PLSA models are very promising in finding diverse aspects in retrieved passages. The results achieved by query likelihood models with the submodular function are promising compared with conventional diversity promotion technique. Here mission similarity refers to the likelihood that two queries appear in the same mission   , while missions are sequences of queries extracted from users' query logs through a mission detector. The top performing topics from each of our sort merge and log merge experiments were used to investigate the effect of truncating the result sets before merging. Their best summarization method  , which first displayed keywords for a Web page followed by the most salient sentence  , was shown to reduce the users' search time as compared to other summarization schemes. The Pearson correlation coefficient suffers the same weakness 29 . In this paper  , we considered the problem of similarity search in a large sequence databases with edit distance as the similarity measure. Another ap- proach 19 is to learn regular expression-like rules for data in each column and use these expressions to recognize new examples. The only difference is that one needs to sort the path according to L before inserting it into a new P-tree. In addition  , dissimilar items are associated with the same hash values with a very low probability p 2 . For larger datasets  , this overhead gets amortized and Ontobroker comes out on top. Dashed curves refer to the Random Forest based classifiers. The density maps for three TREC topics are shown in Figure 2above. In addition  , under the two different diffusion models  , IMRank shows similar improvements on influence spread from the relative improvement angle. Our approach utilizes categorized pictogram interpretations together with the semantic relevance measure to retrieve and rank relevant pictograms for a given interpretation . In addition  , speech recognition errors hurt the performance of voice search significantly. Interestingly  , the example in 27 actually states that 'Lafter destruction  , earlier transfers sales can still be recorded " . It also shows that the multi-probe method is better than the entropy-based LSH method by a significant factor. Examples of transfer statements include: method invocations that pass tainted data into a body of a method through a function parameter: updatesecret; assignment statements of a form x = secret  , where tainted variable secret is not modified; return statements in the form return secret. The strategy of the pattern-matching can be ruled by an action planner able to dynamically define partial goals to reach. We distributed GOV2 across four leaf search engines and used an aggregate engine to combine search results. Our method presupposes a set of pictograms having a list of interpretation words and ratios for each pictogram. Second  , we develop a new dynamic programming based approach for finding all occurrences of a subsequence within a single sequence and by extension within a database of sequences. The data that was used in the experimental results can be obtained at https: //sourceforge.net/p/jhu-axxb/ In the AX = XB case  , for each point  , we found its closest point on the model and computed the sum squared difference between them. This paper presents our research work on automatic question classification through machine learning approaches  , especially the Support Vector Machines. The idea of partial pattern matching is based on the assumption that the answer is usually surrounded by keywords and their synonyms. Another issue for MQ is about threshold learning. Clusters are then formed based on these concepts. The similarity between the target document d corresponding to query q and the search results Sj   , j = 1.m  , is computed as the cosine similarity of their corresponding vectorial representations. The entity resolution ER problem see 14 ,3  for surveys shares many similarities with link discovery. 16 showed that a distributed search can outperform a centralized search under certain conditions. 2 reports the enhancement on CLIR by post-translation expansion. 5A distributed selective search performs better with content basis category partitioning of the collection than near random partitioning. Automatic music summarization approaches can be classified into machine learning based approaches 1 ,2 ,3 and pattern matching based approaches 4 ,5 ,6. To perform a similarity search  , the indexing method hashes a query object into a bucket  , uses the data objects in the bucket as the candidate set of the results  , and then ranks the candidate objects using the distance measure of the similarity search. The initial thresholds are set to a large multiple of the probability of selecting the query from a random document. The focus of previous works1  , 4 did key-term selection in the mono-lingual environment; however  , our discovery of various causes such as pre-and post-translation query expansion would influence the preference of translation in CLIR. We denote tj as the corresponding translation of si in target language. The use of prior system expertise explains the small number of grasp trials required in the construction of the F/S predictor mod- ule. They use a bitmap of the workspace and and construct numerical potential fields. In contrast  , Structured PLSA model goes beyond the comments and organizes the head terms by their modifiers  , which could use more meaningful syntactic relations. If the grid is fine enough to get useful  , the computation and storage required even for small problems quickly gets out of hand due to the " curse of dimensionality. " The function of the mapping transitions is to transfer the token' s color c  , to a predefmed color cz  , i.e. In particular  , if there are many non-informative attributes or if complex models are used  , the problem of over-fitting will be alleviated by reducing dimensions. PropBank was manually annotated with verbargument structures. The third interaction module that we implemented is a rhythmic phrase-matching improvisation module. In addition to the query-term most collections permit the specification of search concepts to limit the search to a certain concept. This definition reflects the hidden nature of triggering relations between pre-search context and searches in a realworld setting. Figure 5 shows the choices of sort-merge versus partitioning   , the possible sorting/partitioning attributes  , and the possible buffer allocation strategies. This equation  , however  , does not take into account the similarity of interpretation words. Progress towards this end  , both theoretical and experimental  , is described in this chapter. We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques  , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . Additionally it can be used to perform other tasks such as query optimization in a distributed environment. The main feature of the PRM-S model is that weights for combining field-level scores are estimated based on the predicted mapping between query terms and document fields  , which can be efficiently computed based on collection term statistics. We extended the LDF client 2 with the CyCLaDEs model presented in Sect. Passivity theory provides a powerful way to describe dynamically coupled systems by focusing on energy transfer 138. After a random number of forward and backward movements along the ranked list  , the user will end their search and we will evaluate the total utility provided by the system to them by taking the average of the precision of the judged relevant documents they has considered during their search. We conjecture that the decrease in performance when changing to a within-project setting is caused by the low ratio of defects i.e. We have a large English-Chinese bilingual dictionary from LDC. Then  , we extracted a random sample of the search sessions of those " switching-tolerant " users from the period under study. In the pattern matching step  , we will compare performance of the several kernel functions e.g. Our contributions are:  Presenting a novel probabilistic opinion retrieval model that is based on proximity between opinion lexicons and query terms. We implemented the different methods for list materialization  , namely Random  , TopDown  , BottomUp  , and CostBased as discussed in Section 3.2.2. A distributed e-library is perhaps best explained as a huge  , global database  , where search engines or directory services act as the indexes to information see  , Figure 11. Table  IncludingPivot and Unpivot explicitly in the query language provides excellent opportunities for query optimization. Our approach performs gradient descent using each sample as a starting point  , then computes the goodness of the result using the obvious likelihood function. Imagine for example a search engine which enables contentbased image retrieval on the World-Wide Web. We implemented this iterative dynamic programming technique for the motion of the wheel. Basically  , SPARQL rests on the notion of graph pattern matching. We can observe that the other classifiers achieve high recall  , i.e. One major goal of us is to evaluate the effect of a probabilistic retrieval model on the legal domain. Similarity search Similarity searches return documents with chemical formulae with similar structures as the query formula  , i.e. The returned set was therefore compared to their query in that light  , their semantic relevance. S is the sensitivity transfer function matrix. 3.2.1 Unigram language models: In the language modelling framework  , document ranking is primarily based on the following two steps. Pair-wise pvalues are shown in Table 4. The hidden aspects caught are used to improve the performance of a ranked list by re-ranking. An age-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for the identification of de-identified age groups mentioned in visits. A mission is terminated when the query of a new search does not share any words with the previous ones. In the base experimental data set described above  , no attribute values were missing. Regular expression inference. This also shows that our model could alleviate the overfitting problem of PLSA. These latter search tasks both presume a very small set of relevant documents. Other approaches based on genetic programming e.g. Experiment results show that our new idea on the feature is successful at least in this field. A method for planning informative surveys in marine environments is detailed in 8. So without prior knowledge  , efficient search  , compare to trial and error   , is possible. The classical probabilistic retrieval model 16  , 13  of information retrieval has received recognition for being theoreti- Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Thus we propose to solve this problem by an iterative method  , conceptually similar to the one described by Besl 5  , which combines data classification and model fitting. In this paper we do not address the problem of scalability or efficiency in determining the relevance of the ontologies  , in respect to a query. The hidden variables in PLSA correspond to the events that a term w in document d is generated from the j-th topic. The space efficiency implication is dramatic. We enhanced the pattern recognition engine in ViPER to execute concurrent parallel pattern matching threads in spite of running Atheris for each pattern serially. We run preliminary experiments on a small scale system to validate that the theoretical results hold. This meaning may just be nontermination for some arguments e.g. Considering the data size of the check-in data  , we use stochastic gradient descent 46 to update parametersˆUparametersˆ parametersˆU C   , ˆ V C   , andˆTandˆ andˆT C . A model-based approach usually utilizes the existing statistical machine translation models that were developed by the IBM group 3. However   , the existing approaches do not have a global goodness function to optimize  , and almost all of them have to require the knowledge of targeted number of intervals. K plsa +U + T corresponds to the results obtained when the test set was also used to learn the pLSA model  , thereby tailoring the classifiers to the task of interest transductive learning. The summary graph of Experiment 1 Figure 6 shows that as stifmess of virtual walls increases  , performance of the size identification task improves. Philanthropies  , universities  , militaries and other important institutions do not take market value as a metric. which has the intuitive explanation that the weight for particle f is updated by multiplying in the marginal probability of the new observation xtd  , which we compute from the last 10 samples of the MCMC sweep over a given document. Studies that used MT systems for CLIR include Ballesteros and Croft 1998; Oard 1998. To verify our intuition  , we implemented an inspection mechanism to detect nearly-sorted tuples. Predicate buffer and output buffer: The derivation of the function Out-Buffers is similar to that of Results  , and the derivation of Pred-Buffers is straightforward. Using two Twitter datasets  , our results show that the new Word Embedding-based metrics outperform the PMI/LSA-based ones in capturing the coherence of topics in terms of robustness and efficientness. It does  , though  , inform us about the attractiveness of the document d  , which leads to improvements on the click prediction task see Experiment 4. After conducting all four searches  , participants completed an exit questionnaire. For DBSCAN we do not show the results for DS4 and Swiss-roll since it returned only one cluster  , even when we played with different parameter set- tings. If the query optimizer can immediately find the profitable nary operators to apply on a number of collections  , the search space will be largely reduced since those collections linked by the nary operator can be considered as one single collection. Individuals in the new generation are produced based on those in the current one. A sensory perception controller SPC using stochastic dynamic programming has been developed. We have also implemented alur regionbased Q-learning method  Since the TCP/IP protocol is basically used for the execution-level communication  , t hLe control architecture implemented on the central conitroller has been easily tested and modified by connecting with the graphic simulator before the real application to the humanoid robot. The other characters are used as delimiters between tokens.  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and the query  Number of occurrences of the query in the target profile's description*  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and DuckDuckGo description* Besides the relationship between the description and query  , we further searched for the organization's description from DuckDuckGo 5   , a search engine that provides the results from sources such as Wikipedia. Cross-language information retrieval CLIR has emerged as an important research area since the amount of multilingual web resources is increasing rapidly. Folding: Classes of data are folded in the case of symbolic testing. A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. For example  , the following example  , in the pseudo-regular expression notation of a fictional template engine  , generates a <br> separated list of users: The surprising fact is that these minimal templates can do a lot. Post training  , the abstract level representation of the given terms can be obtained as shown in c. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. where a is a learning factor  , P is a discounted factor  ,  teed to obtain an optimal policy  , Q-learning needs numerous trials to learn it and is known as slow learning rate for obtaining Q-values. Figure 4 shows the relative English-French CLIR effectiveness as compared to the monolingual French baseline. In our scenario  , if each entity is modeled as a pattern  , the lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the multi-pattern matching problem. While an ideal cut would result in the same roughness on both sides  , occurrences of bunching  , folding  , tearing  , and debris generation can result in complementary edges with very different cut qualities. The self-folding devices in this paper were all fabricated using methods consistent with those published in Felton et al. We proposed a new Word Embedding-based topic coherence metric  , and instantiated it using 8 different WE models. Note that runs may be of variable length because work space size may change between runs. Quality assessment independent of a specific application will be discussed in the following  , whereas an evaluation of the alignments for use in CLIR can be found in section 4. Traditional query optimization uses an enumerative search strategy which considers most of the points in the solution space  , but tries to reduce the solution space by applying heuristics. To manage affine gaps  , OASIS and S-W must expand three dynamic programming matrices. This results in a fast determination of the shortest distance paths  , which enable the robot to navigate safely in narrow passages as well as efficiently in open spaces. In the tradeoff between space and time  , most existing graph matching approaches assume static data graphs and hence prefer to pre-compute the transitive closure or build variablelength path indexes to trade space for efficient pattern matching. The matcher is random forest classifier  , which was learnt by labeling 1000 randomly chosen pairs of listings from the Biz dataset. Three classes of matching schemes are used for the detection of patterns namely the state-  , the velocity-and the frequency-matching. People  , and fraudulent software  , might click on ads for reasons that have nothing to do with topical similarity or relevance. In addition  , a global search technique is also supported. One of the learned lessons of the previous experiments was that the regular expression RegEx substitutions are a very succinct  , efficient  , maintainable  , and scalable method to model many NL subtasks of the QA task. In our experiments  , we test the geometric mean heuristicusinga twostageN-best rescoring technique: in the first stage  , the beam search is carried out to identify the top N candidates whose scores are consequently normalized by their word sequence lengths in the second stage. As the experiment progresses from Fig. We now propose three learning methods  , with each corresponding to opimizing a specific inverse hypothesis test. Finally  , although probably not sensible in the incremental setting  , an iterate-until-stable style optimizer can be specified by simply introducing a recursive call to TRANSFORMER from within the Figure 4: A Parallelizing Tool FORMER function itself. The path search uses the steps from the bidirectional BFS to grow the frontiers of entities used to connect paths. For example  , AbdulJaleel and Larkey describe a transliteration technique 1  that they successfully applied in English- Arabic CLIR. Even though  , in general  , changing the goal may lead to substantial modifications in the basins of attraction  , the expectation is that problems successfully dealt with in their first occurrence difficult cases reported for RPP are traps and deep local minima A general framework for learning in path planning has been proposed by Chen 8. Through experiment& tion  , we found that 2 alternatives sufficed and that 3 or more alternatives offered virtually no improvement. This is a good example of leveraging machine learning in game theory to avoid its unreasonable assumptions . The classifier is then used to score about 1M pages sampled at random from the search index. We conducted significant testing t-test on the improvements of our approaches over the baselines. For each activity  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar activities to predict the missing values. In Section 3  , we describe the architecture of the welding robot we have customized and provide some details on important components. Search quality is measured by recall. This can be seen based on the following two observations: The rationale behind these operations is that the K-γoverlap graph of P can be transformed into the K-γ-overlap graph of p by means of these operations. These findings have profound implications for user modeling and personalization applications  , encouraging focus on approaches that can leverage users' browsing behavior as a source of information. More formally  , if S is a random variable representing a search  , and acceptables is an indicator function denoting whether a particular search s has an acceptable result  , we define: A reliable search method would achieve an acceptable search most of the time. Using volume visualization techniques  , 2–dimensional projections on different planes can then be displayed. The result is the modified assignment: Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. We calculated the Pearson correlation coefficient for the different evaluation metrics. For this we measure the click through percentage of search. The lower perplexity the higher topic modeling accuracy. In numerical optimization  , maximization of an optimization function is a standard problem which can be solved using stochastic gradient descent 5. in the training set  , for which the correct translation is assigned rank 1. 15 proposed a simulated annealing approach to obtain optimal measurement pose set for robot calibration. We developed a Random Searcher Model to discover the holdings of archives that support fulltext search. The CLIR experiments reported in this section were performed using the TREC 2002 CLIR track collection  , which contains 383 ,872 articles from the Agence France Press AFP Arabic newswire  , 50 topic descriptions written in English  , and associated relevance judgments 12. There are s ti ll many interesting problems involving folding of tree­ like linkages. One problem is to avoid the kinematic and dynamic interferences between the two robots during operations . Users can request creation of a track by giving patterns for instrument names. Internet advertising is a complex problem. We provide built-in functions for common operations like regular-expression based substitutions and arithmetic operations  , but also allow user defined functions. Since most of the resources search engines generally search local content  , we use this API for each test query along with the search site option.