The corresponding learning curves  , convergence rates  , and the average rewards are different based on the property values and the number of the blocks. The monotonic relationship between the predicted ranking and CTRs is much more evident than the one given by the demoted grades: URLs with lower CTRs concentrate more densely in the area with lower prediction scores  , and the average Pearson correlation between the predicted ranking score and CTR across all the queries is 0.7163 with standard deviation 0.1673  , comparing to the average of 0.5764 and standard deviation of 0.6401 in the the demoted grades. This approach integrates IQE directly into query formulation  , giving help at a stage in the search when it can positively affect query quality  , and possibly supporting the development of improved expansion strategies by searchers. To our best knowledge  , we are among the first to adopt visual saliency information in predicting search examination behavior. Our objective is to learn a reranking function f : R d → R such that f x q ,i  provides a numerical estimate of the final relevancy of document i for query q  , where i is one of the pages in the list r retrieved by S. In order to avoid the computational cost of training the reranker at query-time  , we learn a query-independent function f : this function is trained only once during an offline training stage  , using a large collection of labeled training examples for many different queries. Here  , we present MQSearch: a realization of a search engine with full support for measured information. This is done by computing the Pearson correlation Equation 1 between the active user and all other users in R and ranking them highest to lowest according to that correlation. In this section  , we will discuss an accuracy metric and a learning method that are probably more relevant to the grasping task than previous work. Future work will put these findings to a practical application for selective approaches to PRF-AQE  , or in the selection of a baseline model to optimize a system's overall performance given the conditions of a particular query. Parallel Learning. A particular case of query expansion is when search terms are named entities i.e. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first characterization of this tradeoff. In this setting we extract proximity information from the documents inside R for computing the importance weights associated with the expansion terms. The resultant predictors  , which differ by the inter-entity similarity measure employed  , are denoted AC rep=score;sim=doc and AC rep=score;sim=type. The developed ER damper is attached to the arm joint. The first mode of the beam was estimated in real-time utilizing the Empirical Transfer Function Estimator ETFE 17. Note  , partial bindings  , which come from the same input  , have the same set of unevaluated triple patterns. To this end  , we calculate Pearson correlation coefficient between the result rank position and number of times the result was examined  , clicked  , and ratio of these counts. The p-value confirms the statistically significance of the high Pearson correlation when the lead time is less than 2 weeks. is a Pearson correlation between the ranks of the active user and the user i concerning objects in X ai . Table 2. shows an example of records that could be mistakenly clustered together by DBSCAN without an integrity check. Identity mapping I is used as feature mapping function  , with the mapping procedure This can be viewed as a special case of transfer learning. Both the search engine and the crawler were not built specifically for this application. Another important difference is that the transfer function model used in 4 Net tip position yt may then differ substantially from y 't and exhibit large oscillations. Field-based models are trained through simulated annealing 23. This work uses fully automatic query expansion. Table 6shows the results for five query expansion iterations. 6 and Tan 7  studied an application of singleagent Q-learning to multiagent tasks without taking into account the opponents' strategies. We used 25 top-ranked documents retrieved in the UWATbaseTD run for selecting query expansion units. During pipe transfer and placement  , slips may occur along the pipe's axis. To this end  , we constructed a domaindependent conceptual lexicon which can be used as an external resource for query expansion. This research has been co-financed by the European Union European Social Fund ESF and Greek national funds through the Operational Program " Education and Lifelong Learning " of the National Strategic Reference Framework NSRF -Research Funding Program: Heracleitus II. We here design an observer to estimate higher-order derivatives of the actual object position X   , . Since the performance of these methods is directly determined by the effectiveness of the kernel function used to estimate the propagated query relatedness probabilities for the expansion concepts  , we first need to compare three different proximity-based kernel functions to see which one performs the best. Each drive system is modeled by a discrete time transfer function  , expressed as a numerator and a denominator polynomial. flippers do not cause occlusions in the scene sensed by the laser and the omnidirectional camera. Be different from the general query expansion  , here the recapitulative concepts were more focused on. The frequency response and the fittef model obtained for this system is shown in The open loop transfer function is obtained through random testing with a Hewlett-Packard dynamic si nal analyzer. Systems return docids for document search. But different from query expansion  , query suggestion aims to suggest full queries that have been formulated by users so that the query integrity and coherence are preserved in the suggested queries. the Pearson correlation coefficient 8 rR 1   , R 2  = 0.57  , meaning that star-shaped cascades are more likely to exhibit a largely shared topic than chain-shaped ones. Now K stands for the equivalent stiffness of the whole structure and L becomes equivalent to the radial coordinate of the tip. We use a third order model of a Hydro-Elastic Actuator to investigate the closed loop forward transfer function and the impedance of the system. Perhaps the most important point to note  , however  , is that this is all possible on a computer as small and inexpensive as a DEC PDP-II/45. after query expansion. In principle there can be miss/false drop effects on expansion sets. Searches were carried out using all cutoffs between O and 20  , 0 being no query expansion. They search for a good sequence of tree edit operations using complex and computationally expensive Tree Kernel-based heuristic. At last Spliced fiber is reinforced by the reinforcing membersFig.8 and it is brought out. In particular  , we quantify behavioral agreement using the Pearson correlation score between the ratings of two users  , and we compare this between users with positive and negative links. This similarity between papers is measured using the Pearson correlation coefficient between the papers' citation vectors  , – Select n papers that have the highest similarity with the target paper. This serves as our baseline for query expansion. Techniques for efficient query expansion. Binomial tests were used to analyze whether behaviors under the APS condition was perceived more natural than the IPS condition H3. Table 1 shows the Pearson correlation coecient between the frequency of the physical image requests in the past the training period of the experiments reported in Section 4.2 and the frequency of the same physical image requests in the future the testing period of the experiments . Cengage Learning produces a number of medical reference encyclopedias. It was also shown in 7 that for any given values of hub inertia atnd beam inertia  , a passive transfer function can be obtained by using a properly weighted reflection of the tip position as the output. At low frequency  , this transfer function is equal to unity  , and in the limit as frequency goes to infinity the transfer function goes to zero. As per Table 2  , our automatic evaluation MRR1 scores have a moderately strong positive Pearson correlation of .71 to our manual evaluation. This result was ANDed with a query expansion of a "gene and experiment" query synonyms of the word gene and experiment also appear in this query. We now propose three learning methods  , with each corresponding to opimizing a specific inverse hypothesis test. Table 5gives the overall results of these experiments using an annealing constant of 0.4 and 10k iterations. If words are added to a query using relevant documents retrieved from a database of automatically transcribed audio   , then there is the danger that the query expansion may include recognition errors 14 . Our experimental evaluation is divided into three main parts: 1 extracting entity-synonym relationships from Wikipedia  , and improving time of synonyms using the NYT corpus  , 2 query expansion using time-independent synonyms  , and 3 query expansion using time-dependent synonyms. We will use these retrieval scores as a feature in learning to rank. The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. To determine whether periodicity changed as the onset approached  , we computed the Pearson correlation coefficient   between the time between the clusters and the time from the onset. Definition 18. In our application of DBSCAN  , all the terms in documents were tokenized  , stemmed using Porter stemmer  , and stopwords were removed. It varies from -1 to 1 and the larger the value  , the stronger the positive correlation between them. We experimented with using row expansion to indirectly expand the query in 2 of our Main Web Task submissions. An interesting study by Billerbeck and Zobel 5  demonstrates that document-side expansion is inferior to query-side expansion when the documents are long. where q i k is the desired target value of visible neuron i at time step k. Additionally to the supervised synaptic learning  , an unsupervised learning method called intrinsic plasticity IP is used. The transfer function of the controller is obtained using equation hub. From Figure 2  , we observe that the clicks are not strictly correlated with the demoted grades: the average Pearson correlation between them across the queries is 0.5764 with a standard deviation 0.6401. Query expansion methods augment the query with terms that are extracted from interests/context of the user so that more personally relevant results can be retrieved. Figure  12shows the experimental set-up for measurement of S. The rotating mass exerts a centerifugal sinusoidal force on the tool bit. $5.00 through query expansion by using a grammatically-based automatically constructed thesaurus. Our results on query expansion using the N P L data are disappointing. Our primary contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first study that both proposes a theoretical framework for eliminating selection bias in personal search and provides an extensive empirical evaluation using large-scale live experiments. So in the end  , we choose the first 10 words ranking in tf*idf retrieval lists besides original words of query itself as the query expansion. In this section  , we assess the effect of increasing the number of expansion concepts. As shown in Table 1  , we have considered several means by which a FIR system could make use of query expansion: choosing expansion terms based on each collection separately local expansion and sending individual expanded queries to each collection focused querying using sampled documents. The expansion parameters are set to 10 ,80 for all expansion methods  , where 10 is the number of top-retrieval documents and 80 is the number of expansion terms. These constraints are called QFT bounds and are usually shown on the Nichols chart 12 . The controller transfer function is redimensionalized by essentially scaling t ,he zeros and poles of the nondimensional controller. When compared to the relevance models retrieval RM doc   , which effectively performs query expansion  , the relatedtext is on par or only slightly better. Therefore  , the proposed method is not just a specific controller design approach for a specific performance requirement. Pearson correlation is the covariance of the predicted and label data points divided by the product of their standard deviations. Since the number of users and items are usually large  , the feature spaces used for computing similarity  , such as cosine and Pearson correlation   , become high dimensional  , and hence  , hubness occurs. Parameterized query expansion generalizes and unifies several of the current state-of-the-art concept weighting and query expansion approaches. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first system combining natural language search and NLG for financial data. Query expansion can be performed either manually or automatically. For example  , the query expansion technology in the PubMed system will automatically add related MeSH terms to user's query. Another group of related work is graph-based semi-supervised learning. Third  , we may also suggest a third cause for the success of the query expansion methods: the relevance assessments themselves. While our techniques are fully general  , we have emphasized the fixed level cases in our reporting so that we can make comparisons with results in the literature. For DBSCAN we do not show the results for DS4 and Swiss-roll since it returned only one cluster  , even when we played with different parameter set- tings. The candidate graph G c is a directed graph containing important associations of variables where the redundancy of associations should be minimized. To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method  , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. Our method gives feasible solution by judicious choice of parameters and outperforms the method proposed by Lashkari 5  , in terms of the quality of the optimal solution. The learning system is applied t o a very dynamic control problem in simulation and desirable abilities have been shown. We propose a new query expansion mechanism  , which appropriately uses the various document fields available. Clusters are then formed based on these concepts. We find Pearson correlation for differences of nDCG@10 from RL2 to RL3 and that from RL2 to RL4 is -0.178 and -0.046 in two evaluation settings  , which can indicate RL3 and RL4 and possibly the different resources used for PRF will have different but not necessarily opposite behaviors in two evaluation settings. In order to combine the scores produced by different sources  , the values should be first made comparable across input systems 2  , which usually involves a normalization step 5. It might be important to find appropriate combination of terms for query expansion. We point out some design constraints on the configuration of the coils and the permanent magnets  , and discuss briefly calibration and accuracy of the motor. This learning rate was found to give optimal convergence speed vs final MSE  , however any learning rate within the range of 0.01 to 0.04 gave comparable results. Therefore  , a perfect tracking controller may cause oscillatory velocity response. Finally  , we aim to show the utility of combining query removal and query expansion for IR. For instance  , Beaulieu 3 reported that both the explicit and implicit use of a thesaurus using interactive or automatic query expansion respectively can be beneficial. Automatic approaches to query expansion have been studied extensively in information retrieval IR. These approaches M e r from one another only in the level of abstraction. Since rotating the gripper is equivalent to rotating the part  , the transfer function is defined in terms of the part's orientation with respect to the gripper . Table 1shows the most important explicit query concepts i.e. Typically  , previous research has found that interactive query expansion i.e. As mentioned in Section 1  , all the social recommendation approaches need to utilize the additional explicit user social information  , which may limit the impact and utilization of these approaches. Due to the space limitations  , the details are omitted here. At the Q-learning  , the penalty that has negative value is employed . This section is devoted to a description of the extender performance where the following question is addressed: What dynamic behavior should the extender have in performing a task ? Another difficult issue only briefly mentioned in our previous presentation  , was the constraint that the robots had to end up in specific locations. Q-learning has been carried out and fitness of the genes is calculated from the reinforced Q-table. Overall  , the two newly proposed models  , as well as the query expansion mechanism on fields are shown to be effective. We performed some experiments to see how the retrieval performance varied as a function of these two parameters. The transfer function for first setup controller is: The sensitivity weighting function is assigned to be  Two controllers were designed using p -synthesis toolbox of Matlab. Therefore  , it may be true that within low frequency range  , for example until the natural frequency  , the estimated force can become a good approximate value. In this work  , we first classify search results  , and then use their classifications directly to classify the original query. COGENT score showed a Pearson correlation of only 0.3 with coreness labels in this data set whereas the most predictive single feature in our feature set character ngram overlap  , Section 5.1 had a correlation of 0.77. Query expansion increases the accuracy up to 0.16 76% in terms of MAP when full expansion reasoning and indexing strategy is used. Thus  , by Definition 1  , the relative degree of the input-output transfer function is two  , regardless of how many modes are included. Statistically speaking  , this is a fairly strong correlation; however  , the inconsistencies are enough to cloud whether the small accuracy improvements often reported in the literature are in fact meaningful. They made use of only individual terms for query expansion whereas we utilize keyphrases for query expansion. It is therefore not useful to make an expansion for this query. Then  , we express the transfer operation as a combination of remove and insert: Since W CC is a state function  , all paths from P to P ′ have the same differential. The difficulty is that in a complex image context  , the target boundary is usually a global energy minimum under certain constraints for instance  , constraints of target object interior characteristics instead of the actual global energy minimum contour. In this case  , the error is the difference between the setpoint and the measured value and the control signal is the dimmer value in the next time interval. Our first research question examined the impact of non-uniform information access on the outcomes of CIR. It is well known that for collocated measurements  , the transfer function is passive and hence it is easy to stablilise the system 4. The closed loop transfer function governing the system's response in the NS mode is: The system's response is 2nd order. An example of aplying the equivalent transfer function for minimizing the size of a SPN a Where: 4. On comparison with the simulated annealing method used in a prior publications 16  , we found that seesawing between {Low  , High} values was adequate for our purposes. This is close to the figures obtained by relation matching methods without query expansion as listed in Table 1. According to the precedent theory the matrix inp&-output relation is given by y = Hu  , where H is the transfer function matrix. It can be seen that Q-learning incorporated with DYNA or environmental·information reduce about 50 percent of the number of steps taken by the agent. 7 tell us the magnitude of the synchronization between synchronous development and communication activities of pairwise developers  , but they don't specify if thesynchronization is significant statistically. First  , we hope to demonstrate that the complexity problems usually associated with Q-learning 17 in complex scenarios can be overcome by using role-switching. Figure 7 shows the result of simulated annealing in trajectory planning when applied to the example in figure 6d.  Which ontological relationships are suitable for automatic query expansion; which for interactive query expansion ? Consequently  , we performed a Pearson Chi-square test to check if there exists any association between the role of the respondents 7 different categories and the choice of programming language as a deciding factor for a system being legacy. Both query expansion and document expansion of tiebreaking has the potential to improve the performance  , while document expansion seems more reliable than query expansion for tie-breaking. Since the highest working bandwidth of the system is below 100 Hz  , a transfer function of a model of the input-output torque based on the experimental data between O-LOOHz is identified. The values of learning rates ⌘1 and ⌘2 are set as constant 0.05 in the experiments. This similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation coefficient between their rating vectors. where G is the actuator transfer function relating the input command to the actuator to the end-effector velocity; S is the actuator sensitivity transfer function relating the line tensile force fR to the end-effector velocity  , v   , A positive value for v represents a downward speed for the load. Since this technique focuses on predicting each user's rating on an unrated item  , we refer to it as pointwise CF. The local clusters are represented by special objects that have the best representative power. The figures depict the resulting clusters found by DBSCAN for two different values for and a fixed value for M inP ts; noise objects in these figures are shown as circles. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first approach towards comprehensive context modeling for context-aware search. It expands a query issued by a user with additional related terms  , called expansion terms  , so that more relevant documents can be retrieved. The central problem of query expansion is how to select expansion terms. Continuous states are handled and continuous actions are generated by fuzzy reasoning in DFQL. In order to use this feature  , a headrelated transfer function is needed. Each correct conflation is a possibility for retrieving documents with textual occurrences different from the query. For participant 2  , Q-learning converged in 75% of the cases and required around 100 steps on average. The zero dynamics arising from the suggested measurement were shown to be stable. We further investigate the results of our model and Model-U. They defined an observability index  , e.g. Many automatic query expansion techniques have been proposed. We define the following well-known similarity measures: the cosine similarity and Pearson correlation coefficient. Note that the Pearson and Kendall's τ correlation coefficients work on different scales and so cannot be directly compared to each other. We randomly selected 894 new Q&A pairs from the Naver collection and manually judged the quality of the answers in the same way. In Figure 2we examine the accuracy and convergence of information transfer estimates as a function of time both with and without bias correction.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. The transfer function fp for a path p in the ICFG is the composition of the functions for the nodes and the interprocedural edges on the path. The key to using simulated annealing to compute something useful is to get the energy mini- mization function to correspond to some important relationship  , for example  , the closeness of For the purposes of this paper we will give exampIes from the medium-sized AI tools knowledge base. Indeed we know that a positive transfer function is typical of a spring  , while a negative transfer function is indicative of a mass. In the next section we present a newly developed system identification based on orthogonal basis functions. In our experiment  , we measured the association between two measured quantities remembering scores and the proposed catalyst features  , i.e. Furthennore  , Table Ishows that  , in the Switching-Q case  , the rates fall in all situations  , comparing with the 90% uf after-learning situatiun in Single-Q case. The basic assumption of our proposed Joint Relevance Freshness Learning JRFL model is that a user's overall impression assessment by combining relevance and freshness for the clicked URLs should be higher than the non-clicked ones  , and such a combination is specific to the issued query. The transfer function matrix H is doubly-astic. What is needed for learning are little variations of these quantities displacements: ∆x  , ∆F and ∆q. The likely cause for this disagreement is due to the inaccurate modeling of the human arm dynamics  , E  , and the human sensitivity transfer function  , sh. The RL system is in control of the robot  , and learning progresses as in the standard Q-learning framework. The reasons are two-folded. WordNet synsets are used for query expansion. With RL D-k it is not necessary to adjust the transition time such as in Q-learning to get an optimal behaviour of the vehicle. Changes in the robot's base position to the left  , right or back did not notably increase the overall grasp quality in that setup. The different kinds of expansion terms would be effective according to the query types such as diagnosis  , treatment  , and test. The dynamics of HSI and TO are assumed to be negligible  , they are modeled as ideal transducers with unity transfer functions. The effect of expansion on the top retrieved documents depends on ho~v good the expansion is. This is a standard method of assessing the performance of a query expansion technique based on relevance information  , 3 We only use the top 15 expansion terms for query expansion as this is a computationally intensive method of creating possible queries. In our approach we made several important assumptions about the model of the environment. The control law that implements the deiired impedance of the master arm can be obtained by solving for the acceleration in and substituting it into the master arm dynamics. In our within-subjects design  , the set of 24 scores for each of the first 4 statements about System A was compared with the corresponding set of 24 scores for each statement about System B. However  , most query expansion methods only introduce new terms and cannot be directly applied to relation matching. Table 8compares results for some fixed level arrays reported in 22 . The main reason for this inconsistency is the hard demotion rule: users might have different demotion preferences for different queries  , and it's most impossible for an editor to predefine the combination rules given the plurality of possibilities. Frequently  , it is based on the Pearson correlation coefficient. This results in a fast determination of the shortest distance paths  , which enable the robot to navigate safely in narrow passages as well as efficiently in open spaces. In all the comparisons  , our query expansion method which uses explicit expansion concept is denoted as EEC. The value of a function mapping is a member of the enumerated set FN-RETURN = { Preconditlon-Error  , Previous-Menuf Prevlous-Screen  , Master-Menu-Or-Exit  , Screen-Error }. LambdaMART 30 is a state-of-the-art learning to rank technique  , which won the 2011 Yahoo! A maximal box around the nominal p 0 is obtained by increasing . ¼ The estimated transfer function was converted into the following standard form which is convenient to design a controller. As partial matches are computed   , the search also computes an upper-bound on the cost of matching the remaining portion of the query. The advantage of Pearson correlation  , as opposed to for example the cosine similarity measure 1  , lies in its taking care of the general rating tendency of the two arbiters involved . In order to analyze and compare the results  , we made use of the popular Pearson correlation coefficient see  , e.g. Example 1 PI controllers with integrity: Consider a stable TITO plant G with the transfer function V. EXAMPLES For clarity  , we begin with an example of design of a set of box-like stabilizing Proportional-Integral PI controllers with integrity for a TITO system. Last  , we want to point out the UDInfoMB is a strong baseline to beat as it involve both the query expansion and document expansion at the same time  , while the tie breaking method only utilize one of these two. To evaluate the quality of rewrites  , we consider two methods. The contact stability condition imposes that the actual penetration p is positive during contact. The data-transfer cost function reports costs only when one of the two execution sites involved in the link is the current site and the other site involved in the link is a remote site. Overlapping data points occur frequently in 2-D plots and identifying each individual data point and its coordinates is a difficult task. Applied to the gene expression data  , DBSCAN found 6 relatively large clusters where the fraction of genes with functional relationships was rather small. For instance  , for the setting of q = 1/4X2 used in our experiments  , and with appropriate assumptions about the random presentation of examples   , their results imply the following upper bound on the expected square loss of the vector w computed by WH:l Kivinen and Warmuth focus on deriving upper bounds on the error of WH and EG for various settings of the learning rate q.  Results: It presents experimental results from SPR and Prophet with different search spaces. The knowledge offered by a learning object LO i and the prerequisites required to reach that LO are denoted LO i and PR i respectively. These functions are: instruction access tracing  , data access tracing  , and conditional transfer tracing. More specifically  , each learning iteration has the following structure: Let us elaborate on some of the steps. We will explain several groups of features below. A chunk of training data containing K 0 observations will be used to initialize the system  , achieving the initial hidden layer matrix H 0   , the initial output weight matrix Q As the cognitive component of McFELM is based on OS- ELM  , our proposed method also contains two phases  , namely the initialization phase and sequential learning phase. The experiments were run under similar conditions of load  , speed and temperature  , of a single ultrasonic motor. In the function  , two similarity measures are used. So it is very interesting to compare the CLQS approach with the conventional query expansion approaches. For each symptom e in our dataset  , we measure the posterior probability Pek that the event " CKD stage k " happens with the event at the same Score Ours Baseline Kendall's τ 0.810 0.659 Pearson correlation 0.447 -0.007 visit. The same parameters were used for digital integration of the equations 20-27 with addition of the correction block having the transfer function given by 28. For this design  , the global open loop transfer function of each mode is required. The Pearson correlation coefficient between the width and the depth of a tree is 0.60  , which suggests that the largest trees are also the deepest ones. The resulting query aspects are kept as phrases for subsequent query expansion  , since phrases are reported to improve retrieval results when compared to single-word index- ing 14  , 15. The best automatic query expansion search for that topic  , using a cut-off of 2  , achieves 51 % precision. In a second experiment  , our goal was to estimate which of the topics has 10% or less of their aspects covered by the document collection.  That any document judged as relevant would have a positive effect on query expansion. Query expansion was applied to just the topic type. After circuit equivalent treatment  , hydraulic cylinders  , the equivalent position of the transfer function expressed as: Through to the piston rod position control   , the actual angle of rotation and knee expected change when human leg gait movement keep consistent to achieve the purpose of humanmachine coordination. In CF1 we highlighted the suggested query expansion terms shown in the context of snippets  , and put a checkbox next to each snippet. The parameters used to plot this transfer function were the same as those in Figure 3 driving frequency. A similarly strong correlation was reported by 2. Omohundro 1987 proposed that the first experience found in tlie k-d tree search should be used instead  , as it is probably close enough. In the WSDM Evaluation setup  , we compare the performance of BARACO and MT using the following metrics: AUC and Pearson correlation as before. We would like the user to control what terms to be ultimately used to expand his/her query. Over the past decade  , the Web has grown exponentially in size. In the past query-expansion on web-results has been shown to be useful for ad retrieval2. Results  , measured using Pearson correlation over the 10 folds and both data sets are presented in Table 2a. We calculate three similarity weights based on the users playcount  , users tag and users friendships respectively using the Pearson correlation coefficient and then use their weighted sum in place of wa ,u in equation 3. Although the real experiments are encouraging  , still we have a gap between the computer simulation and the real system. Although not the case here  , such data would typically be obtained from a commercial spectrum analyser. On average  , there are 30% more hashtags for a Twitter post compared to an Instagram post Pearson correlation coefficient = 0.34 between distributions with p-value < 10 −15 . For example  , based on the CNF query in Section 2.2  , the diagnosis method is given the keyword query sales tobacco children. Two types of transfer are possible:  from one traditional function to another  , for example  , the number of employees working in distribution will be potentially increased by incoming personnel from the sales department;  from traditional work functions to new ones  , for example to positions related to the management and operation of the electronic environment e.g. F * e = 0  , the interaction impedance is the transfer function between its reaction force and the external motion that this environment 3For environment with no internal force i.e. Search terminates when no new ps maybeopenedor~only remainingcandidatep: ,iSthe desired destinetionp~ itself. However  , the correlation between the number of declared friends and the number of distinct interaction partners is low Pearson coefficient 0.16. Query segmentation divides a query into semantically meaningful sub-units 17  , 18. In general  , QE interacts with query structure: with a large expansion strong query structures seem necessary  , but with a slight or no expansion weak structures perform well. The values for Pearson correlation are listed in a similar table in the appendix Table 5. Under the relation based framework for passage retrieval  , dependency relation based path expansion can further bring about a 17.49% improvement in MRR over fuzzy matching RBS of relation matching without any query expansion. Specifically  , the undamped transfer function from By the Passivity theorem  , a P D controller will guarantee stability if the robot is undamped. We used the Pearson product-moment correlation since the expert averages represent interval data  , ranging from 1 to 7. The last three years of Microblog track papers have shown substantial  , consistent  , and significant improvements in retrieval effectiveness from the use of expansion. This approach outperforms many other query expansion techniques. We observe that a strong correlation exists  , clearly showing that users are enticed to explore people of a closer age to them Pearson correlation is equal to 0.859 with p < 0.0001. The remainder of this article is structured as follows: In the next section  , we describe our method to automatically quantize the sensor spaces. Although we found stronger correlations with tags from a user's own culture own = 0.66  , other = 0.42  , we did not find significant differences between cultures. Figure 10depicts the values of MaxUpdates depending on n for fde values of up to 0.5 which is the maximum value to be expected in most real applications. Using the developed scaling laws 12  , the controller transfer function 11s scaled and applied to both of the dimensional SFL systems described at the beginning of the section. It is well known that if actuator and sensor are located at the same point co-location then the transfer function is passive and thus it is possible to develop a very simple controller. Note that PPRF and PRF does not achieve improvement over the baseline  , but a fair comparison is to compare the retrieval effectiveness after query expansion with the retrieval effectiveness before query expansion. The experiment results is shown in Figure 7. Fitting with power-law models  , we report the following exponents: α: blog in-links distribution  , β: blog out-links distribution  , τ : latencies distribution  , γ : cascade sizes distribution. In this section  , we introduce our method in learning topic models from training data collections. We find that few features are correlated with each other i.e. Table 2 contains the values which achieved the best performance for each map. Therefore query expansion could be applied to symbols as it was done for keywords. Tables 3 and 4 present the achieved results for transfer and copy CPs by running our method using the local ranking function. For the Prior Art task  , we use term frequency method  , tf/idf method to generate our query  , and also employ the retrieval model used in TS task to execute our experiments. We only utilize query expansion from internal dataset and proximity search. In addition  , we study a retrieval model which is trained by supervised signals to rank a set of documents for given queries in the pairwise preference learning framework. Selection and reproduction are applied and new population is structured . Some groups found that query expansion worked well on this collection  , so we applied the " row expansion " technique described in last year's paper 10. The input of a transfer function is V before the execution of the instruction   , and the output is the new V after the execution. The most common correlations of spiritual beliefs and robot design and use preferences were related to participants' agreement with Confucian values. Learning Inference limit the ability of a model to represent the questions. However  , because objects are organized into lineal formations  , the larger Eps is  , the larger void pad is. Now  , having theoretically grounded – in an ontological key 23 – the initial  , basic notions -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are objects of the continuous and differentiable function of the Universe -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are equally motivated to strive to become better and/or the best I would like to pass on to the problem of the search for information  , having first formulated what information is. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. Transfer of control from a menu to a function is specified by evaluation of a mapping whose evaluation represents execution of the function and whose value represents the state in which the system returns to the menu. Query expansion can also be based on thesauri. We assumed that the transfer functions were of first order and used classical geometry-based approach for identifying transfer function parameters. Its reaction is modeled by an admittance with serial spring-damper dynamics with the transfer function s/s + 0.5. Hence  , which is the Pearson product-moment correlation of Q and d. In other words  , the vector space computation is used because it approximates the correlation computation when the vectors are sparse enough. There are two types of BRF-based query expansion. We require that the transfer of commodities from the virtual source node to each node in V is instantaneous. Very few terms were added through the interactive query expansion facility. The above expression is a simplified form of query expansion with a single term. Other important questions in this context that need to be explored are: How to choose classes ? To build a machine learning based quality predictor  , we need training samples. We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise location similarity information. The above transfer function meam a typical second order system. As a result  , learning on the task-level is simpler and faster than learning on the component system level. We first report the results of using query expansion in the collection selection stage only. While many methods for expansion exist  , their application in FIR is largely unexplored. Ogilvie and Callan have proposed a global approach to query expansion for FIR 15. Note that although the first two baselines are heuristic and simple   , they do produce reasonable results for short-term popularity prediction  , thus forming competitive baselines see 29. This is the property we desire in order to make the actuator very insensitive to position inputs. The only way that Q-learning can find out information about its environment is to take actions and observe their effects . Starting from top-15 documents ranked by our system  , we follow two query expansion steps: 1. In terms of Pearson correlation  , the improvement over the baseline is even larger  , as the stages learned by the baseline are negatively correlated with the true stages. The information about the grasp quality was delivered from ROS' own grasp planning tool  , which uses a simulated annealing optimization to search for gripper poses relative to the object or cluster 27. The former function is realized to select key frames using Q-Learning approach for removing the noisy camera data. However  , there may be applications where this assumption does not hold  , i.e. We can see that the above learning model depends exclusively on the corresponding feature space of the specific type of instances  , i.e. Further  , Wang and Vidyasagar have shown in 12  that the relative degree of the transfer function relating the base torque to the tip position becomes ill-defined as the nuimber of modes included in the truncated model tends 'to infinity. To demonstrate the efficacy of the modified cost function  , a 9-8-1 feedforward ANN is used. We should note that all those complex tasks cannot be identified by the straight-forward Rule-Q wcc baseline  , so that the newly defined task coverage metric measures how well the learning methods can generalize from the weak supervision . the original query. Choosing a first order stable transfer function leads to a compensator E. Due to the simplicity of the flotor dynamics  , a n y proper  , stable  , real-rational transfer function can be obtained from the desired acceleration a  , to the actual acceleration a of the flotor of course  , there will be limits on achievable performance due to plant uncertainty  , actuator saturation  , etc. Their robot used Q-learning to learn how to push boxes around a room without gening stuck. The parallel collection is larger and more reliable than the test collection and should provide better expansion information  , both for terms and weights. DBSCAN parameters were set to match the expected point density of the bucket surface. Search Engine with interactive query expansion semi. The lower part of figure 4shows a double pure integration in the transfer function for the y-coordinate. We report the results in terms of Kendall-τ and Pearson correlation coefficients and show that the query subsets chosen by our models are significantly more effective than those selected by the considered baseline methods. The central challenge in learning to rank is that the objective q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y is highly discontinuous; its gradient is either zero or undefined at any given point w. The vast majority of research on learning to rank is con-cerned with approximating the objective with more benign ones that are more tractable for numerical optimization of w. We review a few competitive approaches in recent work. Type indicates the type of entry: 'F' for a frequent value or 'Q' for a quantile adjustment for the corresponding Col_Value value. Both our weighting scheme and the two weighting schemes to be compared are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method to predict ratings for test users. It is notable that the subsumption reasoning and indexing strategy actually performs only equally good compared to the baseline approach when no additional query expansion is used. In the context of the appearance-based approach  , the mapspace X into action space Y remains a nontrivial problem in machine learning  , particularly in incremental and realtime formulations. By doing this  , we search for a unified set of latent factors that best explains both content and link structures simultaneously and seamlessly. Assuming 2 seconds per query  , on average  , this translates into approximately 200 KB per hour for the LCA expansion. Based on a word-statistical retrieval system  , 11 used definitions and different types of thesaurus relationships for query expansion and a deteriorated performance was reported. With the values of the physical and control parameters used to produce the experiment of Fig. RQ4: How does query expansion based on user-selected phrases affect retrieval performance ? Heat transfer and temperature distributions during welding are complex and a solution to the equations is dependent on the thermal conductivity  , specific heat and density of the mass as a function of temperature. The force measurements at the wing base consist of gravitational  , inertial and aerodynamic components. Similar to the facts reflected by the Pearson correlation in Figure 4  , the social media-based methods outperform computational epidemiology-based methods like SEIR and EpiFast in small lead time by achieving low MSE and peak time error. The sample query is following: Thus  , synonyms are also included in this expansion. However  , the fixed policy is better than the trajectories found by table-based Q- learning. This way  , we can tweak the level of expansion by gradually including more expansion terms from the lists of expansion terms  , and answer how much expansion is needed for optimal performance.  Presenting a proximity-based method for estimating the probability that a specific query expansion term is relevant to the query term. Numerically differentiating position twice  , which is required for impedance causality  , could introduce substantial noise into the system making The transfer function with impedance casuality: importance of admittance causality is clear when considering virtual environments such as rigid body simulations . The first was query expansion – where additional terms were added to the query itself. This Simple Pearson Predictor SPP is the most commouly used technique due to its simplicity. Thus the learning rate must balance the agenL's need to unlearn incorrect old informa­ tion  , while preserving old information which was correct. In this section  , we introduce several semantic expansion features on basis of query expansion and document expansion. The angle of rotation of the actuator is the commonly used collocated mea- surement. The model consists of a set of states  , which represent the states of the application  , and a set of state transitions labeled with the names of the actions that trigger the transitions. The acceleration method ensures no error in the stiffness and damping terms  , but generates a fourth order transfer function which can be unstable. If a function approximator is used to learn the policy  , value  , or Q function inadequate exploration may lead to interference during learning  , so correct portions of the policy are actually degraded during learning. Figure 1a illustrates query translation without expansion. Automatic query expansion technique has been widely used in IR. 3. expansion based on all retrieved documents. 3Table 4 : Example parameters for simulated annealing applied to the data point disambiguation prob- lem. Equation 1 8 shows a twodimensional example for choice of D  s l where m l and m2  , representing the apparent masses in various directions  , are the designers choice. The transfer function of the charge amplifier is identified by monitoring its output in step response. The most widely used measure in information retrieval research is neither Pearson nor Spearman correlation  , however  , but rather Kendall's τ 4. Furthermore  , the investigator himself may intervene and edit the query directly. In order to obtain a generic model  , the fiizzy relationships can be defined  , and the output can be writ ,ten as a generic sigmoid function f= I+e-Lz+B  , where Q determines the degree of fuzziness  , arid  ,8 deterniines the threshoid level. At this stage  , we tried out expansion of Boolean Indri queries. The increase in search space can also be seen in the size of the resulting lattice. First we identify the N most similar users in the database. The max-plus model used for the computation of the first component of the transfer function matrix comes from the marking of the Petri net at time zero  , w l c h has been already described We need 10 initial conditions to determine the evolution of the net. We can see that DBSCAN is 2-3 times slower than both SPARCL and Chameleon on smaller datasets. None of the previous work described in the next section systematically investigates the relationship between term reweightirtg and query expansion  , and most results for query expansion using the probabilistic model have been inconclusive. To do so  , a spectrum analyzer is used to measure the transfer function of the amplifier driving one motor of a stationary forcer floating on the platen. It was shown that the perfomance of simulated annealing using the metric developed in this paper performs better than with another cost function which seeks to maximize the number of overlapping modules. We thus use simulated annealing 10  , a global optimization method. To illustrate this goal  , consider the following hypothetical scenario where the scoring function scoreq  , c = w T ϕq  , c differentiates the last click of a query session from other clicks within the same session. Thus  , by the Passivity theorem  , a P D controller can provide very good vibration control. The Pearson correlation coefficient is used as a similarity measure for OTI evaluations. In the remainder of this paper  , Section 2 discusses related work on expert search and association models. A simple breadth-first search is quite effective in discovering the topic evolution graphs for a seed topic Figure 4and Figure 5a. Following common practice 2   , prediction quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the true average precision AP@1000 for the queries  , as determined using the relevance judgments in the qrels files  , and the values assigned to these queries by a predictor. We used information theoretic query expansion and focused on careful paremeter selection. Our experiments in section 3 are concerned with the manual search task on the TRECVID2002 and TRECVID2003 datasets. In our particular case this rating is represented by behavior of users on every page they both visit. Control then passes to the host partition with the message: FunctionCall INITIALIZEGLOBALS NIL. For query expansion purposes  , we use a technique that generalizes Lavrenko's relevance models 4 to work with the useful term proximity features described in the previous section. The gold-standard value of R for the TREC 2012 collection is the estimate produced using the entire set of runs submitted to the Medical Records track. Table 3depicts the results obtained by the LGD model with and without query removal across three query expansion models on the TRECMed 2011. In this paper  , we introduce the query expansion and ranking methods used by the NICTA team at 2007 Genomics Track. To examine this  , we also measure the Pearson correlation of the queries' frequencies. Following the Semantic Web vision 1   , more and more ontologically organized Semantic Web data is currently being produced. Experimentrdly we find that a=l and f3=0.7 lead to good results. Similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation between their rating vectors. In our study  , we choose cosine similarity due to its simplicity. Finally  , if all the operators in Figure 4are transfer function matrices  , then the stability bound is shown by inequality 25. 2 Performance improvement over the no expansion baseline is significant even when only including one expansion term for one query term. If we join all subsystems in accordance with the position based dynamic look and move structures we obtain the system's block diagram. However  , it is at the cost of the system stability robustness with respect to the ununiform plant model perturbation in high frequency subhands. In this study  , maximizing L is equivalent to minimizing  In theory  , simulated annealing can find the global optimal solution that can maximize the function value by promising a proper probability. This step is like dividing the problem of learning one single ranking model for all training queries into a set of sub-problems of learning the ranking model for each ranking-sensitive query topic. Hub objects very often appear in the k-NNs of other objects  , and therefore  , are responsible for determining many recommendations . As mentioned in section 2.4  , however  , because related parameters are not tuned for RL3 and RL4 in our runs  , results reported in this section may not indicate the optimized results for each method. When is the best performance achieved ? Thus  , increasing n increases the importance of achieving good transfer efficiency. Also note that since the load is connected to the end-effector  , both terminologies "load velocity" and "end-effector velocity" refer to v as derived by equation 2. where G is the actuator transfer function relating the input command to the actuator to the end-effector velocity; S is the actuator sensitivity transfer function relating the line tensile force fR to the end-effector velocity  , v   , A positive value for v represents a downward speed for the load. As compared with gradient-based or conjugate-type search  , simulated annealing can escape local minimum points 12. First  , unlike most other query expansion techniques  , we use key phrases as the basic unit for our query term. This means there is a room to improve the backdrivability without affecting the txansfer function of the reference torque. Some results of bag of word retrieval at low selection levels  , i.e. Overall  , social media-based methods i.e. As results shown  , Dyna-Q architecture accelerates the learning rate greatly and gets better Q-value rate because planning are made in the learned model. The first query is a general term  , by which the user is searching for the best coffee in Seattle area; whereas the second query is used to search for a coffee shop chain named as Seattle's Best Coffee which was originated from Seattle but now has expanded into other cities as well. Although the main intended application of the apparatus is for in vivo experiments in physiology and for microsurgery  , in this phase we elected not to make tests with animals for ethical reasons. Pearson and Cosine are based on user similarity as measured by Pearson's correlation coefficient and cosine similarity  , respectively. In this discussion  , we will focus on the transfer function between actuator position/velocity and the actuator force  , as the phase relationship between these will relate to our optimal spring problem. Therefore  , the positional error can be clearly evaluated wherever the end of the arm is located in the workspace. The transfer function of the LRC circuit and the resonance frequency fhyd of it is expressed by Besides the computed hydraulic resistance of the channel  , the sensor also consists of hydraulic capacities Chyd and hydraulic inertance Lhyd. Incorrect words aaect collection statistics and query expansion. The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. Although Miller-Charles experiment was carried out 25 years later than Rubenstein- Goodenough's  , two sets of ratings are highly correlated pearson correlation coefficient=0.97. The model is geometrically scalable and represented in a form of infinitedimensional transfer function relating the bending displacement wz  , s of IPMC beam to the voltage input V s. Chen and Tan recently derived a control-oriented yet physics-based model for IPMC actuators 14. Type-2 terms are non-type-0 terms in the original query. One is that it is not necessarily optimal to simply follow a " best-first " search  , because it is sometimes necessary to go through several off-topic pages to get to the next relevant one. In summary  , the contributions of our work in this paper can be summarized as follows:  To the best of our knowledge  , we proposed the first time-dependent model to calculate the query terms similarity by exploiting the dynamic nature of clickthrough data. We incorporated all of our twitter modules with other necessary modules  , i.e. Looking just at the results turned in by the active participants in the task i.e. In such a way  , knowledge of RR contained in the skill could be extended to the arbitrary path that belongs to the learning domain. CHAMELEON requires the setting of the number of clusters to he sought  , which is generally not known. The resulting point cloud is a smooth continuous surface with all outliers removed. When ρ =ρ r the transfer function of vergence will become 0; in this case all types of vergence eye movements will disappear. Figure 1show an example where no global density threshold exists that can separate all three natural clusters  , and consequently  , DBSCAN cannot find the intrinsic cluster structure of the dataset. In this paper  , we described the design  , the modeling and the experimental results of our prototype of an endoscope based on the use of metal bellows. However  , Backward expanding search may perform poorly w.r.t. Formally  , the win-loss results of all two-player competitions generated from the thread q with the asker a  , the best answerer b and non-best answerer set S can be represented as the following set: Hence  , the problem of estimating the relative expert levels of users can be deduced to the problem of learning the relative skills of players from the win-loss results of generated two-player competitions. System poles are the roots of the denominator polynomial of the transfer function and zeros are the roots of the numerator polynomial. A learning task assumes that the agents do not have preliminary knowledge about the environment in which they act. In this paper  , we introduced a novel framework for query expansion with parameterized concept weighting. Figure 2illustrates results of FIRES in comparison to SUBCLU  , and CLIQUE applied on a synthetic dataset containing three clusters of significantly varaying dimensionality and density. All expansion has been performed via the Query Expansion Tool interface QET which allows the user to view only the summaries of top retrieved documents  , and select or deselect them for topic expansion. This form of Q-learning can also be used  , as postulated by It could be used to control behavioral assemblages as demonstrated in the intercept scenario. Besides the standard topical query expansion Topic QE  , we also give results of the weighted topical query expansion W. Topic QE. The weights associated with feature functions in LTRoq are learned in two separate phases. Query Expansion and MEDLINE. Furthermore we assume that the Pearson correlation between the different measurement dimensions y i and y j is equal to ρ for all i  , j. Moreover  , the " storm-related " - " weather-related " dichotomy also exists for these systems. Our method can be applied to nondeterministic domain because the Q-learning is used t o find out the optimal policy for accomplishing the given task. We find this measure is highly correlated with the party slant measurement with Pearson correlation r = 0.958 and p < 10 −5 . The problem with this implementation is that it generates a steady state . Expansion terms from fully expanded queries are held back from the query to simulate the selective and partial expansion of query terms. The arm's capability to follow a moving environment with certain contact force is investigated in this section. Second  , we will study  , using well chosen parameters  , which searching scheme is the best for frequent k-n-match search. Three types of query expansion are discussed in literature: manual  , automatic  , and interactive i.e. More concretely  , our contributions are:  We propose a mechanism for expiring cache entries based on a time-to-live value and a mechanism for maintaining the cache content fresh by issuing refresh queries to back-end search clusters  , depending on availability of idle cycles in those clusters. In almost all type of applications  , it would be sufficient to set Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. Experimental results were obtained using a five-bar robot5 with one of the side joints locked to simulate a single flexible link with a shoulder joint. Hence  , each free variable is set 2 and then the function INITIALIZEGLOBALS is called. For each user  , we compute the weighted average of the top N similar users to predict the missing values. We extract the search result pages belong to Yelp 2   , TripAdvisor 3 and OpenTable 4 from the first 50 results. We follow the explanation of the Q-learning by Kaelbling 8. Unlike in 2011  , the run without stopwords cmuPrfPhrENo did slightly better on average than the equivalent run including stopwords cmuPrfPhrE in the 2012 query set. Query expansion has been shown to be very important in improving retrieval effectiveness in medical systems 6. We also applied and evaluated advanced search options. Fig.13shows the bode plot of the transfer function. Compared to the baseline without query expansion  , all expansion techniques significantly improved the result quality in terms of precision@10 and MAP. In order to use established best-first search approaches  , we need to make the heuristic function both additive and positive. Figure 1illustrates the general framework for relation based query expansion. For each location  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar locations to predict the missing values. The procedure for our crowdsourced query expansion was as follows. We can also observe the inertia of the crowd that continued tweeting about the outbreak   , even though the number of cases were already declining e.g. Reference 4 describes the conditions for the closed-loop stability of the system. The constant time function 0 indeed models that the transfer of commodities from the virtual source node to each node in V is instantaneous. The main contribution of this paper is devising a method for predicting whether expansion using noun phrases will improve the retrieval effectiveness of a query. This function is the maximum cumulative discounted reward that can be achieved by starting from state s and applying action a as the first action. components  , the BASL specification for each selected AI is retrieved from the abstraction library and compiled into a Java class that implements the AI's abstraction function and abstract operations. We first perform a best-first-search in the graph from the node containing the initial position tc the node containing the goal. This transfer function in itself is not really of interest to us as it does not include the spring dynamics. Additionally  , because of the initially high control parameter value analogous to temperature in the simulated annealing dynamics of GESA  , a poorly performing child can succeed the parent of its family in the initial stages  , thus enabling escape from local minimum traps. She can ask the librarian's assistance with regards to the terminology and structure of the domain of interest  , or search the catalogue  , then she can browse the shelf that covers the topic of interest and pick the items that are best for the task at hand. Namely  , our tweet based language model for query expansion still does quite a bit better than our baseline and still appears to give some improvement over the initial query expansion run. We observe that the target item is relevant to some classes. In the rest of the experiments  , we always take query expansion into account in our suggestion ranking models. It did not show any improvement over the baseline  , and further it was significantly worse than the manual query expansion UMassBlog3. Our expansion procedure worked by first submitting the topic title to answer.com  , and then using the result page for query expansion. DBSCAN is a typical density-based method which connects regions with sufficiently high density into clusters. Moreover  , DBSCAN requires a human participant to determine the global parameter Eps. To test the robots  , the Q-learning function is located within another FSA for each individual robot. Automatic query expansion does not increase recall  , but significantly increases precision. We hasten to point out that our methods are not committed to a specific query expansion approach. For reference comparison  , we report the performance of using the measures to directly predict the quality of the initial QL-based ranking  , as originally proposed. To compute the Pearson correlation we need to compute the variances and the covariance ofˆMΦofˆ ofˆMΦ and M . Section 4 describes query expansion with ontologies. where µ is a discount factor that defines how trustworthy the new observations are. The lack of improvement by the inexperienced users suggests that interactive query expansion may be difficult to use well. In a data warehouse  , however  , the databases may have frequent updates and thus may be rather dynamic. In the two short query results  , nttd8me is query expanded and nttd8m has no query expansion. We use the Pearson correlation between the prediction values assigned to a set of queries by a predictor and the ground-truth average precision AP@1000 which is determined based on relevance judgements. For the other two approaches  , we use the same query expansion and document expansion techniques. In our case  , the closed position loop transfer function of one motor is approximated by a first order system : Winding motors can have a very small response time  , but in the general case  , the motor position control loop cannot be neglected in the full open loop transfer function of one mode. When the manual CNF query doesn't expand the selected query term  , no expansion term will be included in the final query. Since a cluster in DBSCAN contains at least one core object  , MinP ts also defines the minimum number of objects in a cluster. The average dimension was approximately about 6000 states. In contrast to the Global method  , our first expansion strategy performs server-specific query expansion. Finally  , we observe that removing noise from the index slightly damages MAP. We consider these cost values as edge weights  , and therefore the Dijkstra's search can be applied to find a trajectory with the smallest cost-to-go. For searching in the implicit C-space  , any best-first search mechanism can be applied. The transfer function frequency bins may further be smoothened through a recursive least square technique. However  , due to the low number of participants specifically 5 we managed to involve before the submission deadline  , this method did not prove particularly useful. We investigate the effectiveness of query expansion by experiments and the results show that it is promising. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: in the next Section we introduce the related work  , before going on to describe the unique features of web image search user interfaces in Section 3. In our first attempt we did a plain full text keyword search for labels and synonyms and created one mapping for the best match if there was one. In the whole teleoperation  , highly accurate control has been achieved. The variance ofˆMΦofˆ ofˆMΦ is due to two sources  , the variance across systems and the variance due to the measurement noise. Its configuration determines which ontology relationships are used for the generation of query expansion terms.