, 'Deep CNN' features extracted from raw product images presented a good option due to their widely demonstrated efficacy at capturing abstract notions of fine-grained categories 
3 
 Then the parameter set is Θ = {α    , βu    , βi    , γu    , γi    , θu    , E}. Further investigation is needed to take full advantage of the prior information provided by term weighting schemes. The AgileViews framework 
Tasks 
Different tasks require different kinds of search strategies    , systems    , and UIs 
METHOD 
 There are tradeoffs between pure experimental betweensubjects  and repeated measure within-subject user studies. It achieves the goal by iteratively adjusting current ranking as follows: 
 Compute the ranking-based marginal influence spread of all nodes Mr with respect to the current ranking r; 
 4.2 Calculate ranking-based marginal influence spread 
 The core step in IMRank is the calculation of rankingbased marginal influence spread. In our study    , we choose cosine similarity due to its simplicity. For a value of a property    , the likelihood probability is calculated as P 'value | pref erred based on the frequency count table of that column. Each of these macro parts can be changed independently. This in contrast with the probabilistic model of information retrieval .   , model-based and model-free approaches 
Transfer Deep Learning
Deep learning began emerging as a new area of machine learning research in 2006 
ONTOLOGY FOR PERSONAL PHOTOS
We propose to design an ontology for personal photos    , since the vocabulary of general Web images is often too large and not specific to personal photos. Our approach called SemanticTyper is significantly different from approaches in past work in that we attempt to capture the distribution and hence characteristic properties of the data corresponding to a semantic label as a whole rather than extracting features from individual data values. However    , the experimental design also created a context for studying and comparing the behavior and judgment of users as they themselves search for aligned documents vs.how they act when evaluating the alignment of document/standard pairs suggested by others. The use of the 
q W v W . Semantic Relatedness
The first evaluation is based on the SemEval 2015-Task 1: Paraphrase and Semantic Similarity in Twitter 
Sentiment Classification
The second evaluation is based on the SemEval 2015-Task 10B: Twitter Message Polarity Classification 
CONCLUSION AND FUTURE WORK
In this paper    , we presented Tweet2Vec    , a novel method for generating general-purpose vector representation of tweets    , using a character-level CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder architecture . The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest. State verb 
Linguistic Biases 
 We describe two linguistic biases discussed by social psychologists and communication scientists: the Linguistic Expectancy Bias LEB and the Linguistic Intergroup Bias LIB. Experimental Setup
We extended the LDF client 2 with the CyCLaDEs model presented in Sect. Different LSH families can be used for different distance functions D. Families for Jaccard measure    , Hamming distance     , 1 and 2 are known 
h a  ,b v = j a · v + b W k 
 where a is a d-dimensional random vector with entries chosen independently from a p-stable distribution and b is a real number chosen uniformly from the range 
Basic LSH Indexing
 Using a family of LSH functions H    , we can construct indexing data structures for similarity search. Each part γ i ∈ Dα constitutes a set of semantically related primary information items linked according to their semantic relationships. From a correlation perspective    , the similarity wij is basically the unnormalized Pearson correlation coefficient 
 1 Computing the Laplacian matrix from the weighted adjacency matrix    , where the Laplacian matrix is a widely used matrix representation of a graph in graph theory; 
 2 Performing an eigendecomposition on the Laplacian ma- trix; 
3 Selecting a threshold on the second smallest eigenvector to obtain the bipartitions of the graph. Data augmentation    , in our context    , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. If the response structure e.g. Recent w ork has also shown that the beneets of PLSA extend beyond document indexing and that a similar approach can be utilized    , e.g. First    , the basic Skip-gram model is extended by inserting a softmax layer    , in order to add the word sentiment polarity. We developed a selection-centric context language model and a selection-centric context semantic model to measure user interest. As a result    , the precision/recall values are much lower than the results of human evaluation. Our results from these models show that a fully balanced design— accounting for both request variability and host variability—is optimal in minimizing the benchmark's standard error given a fixed number of requests and machines.   , learning to rank for Microblog retrieval and answer reranking for Question Answering. We compare the weighted memory-based approach by incorporating our weighting scheme to standard memory-based approach including the Pearson Correlation Coefficient PCC method    , the Vector Similarity VS method    , the Aspect Model AM    , and the Personality Diagnosis PD method. , http://searchmsn n.com/results.aspx  ?q=machine+learning&form=QBHP. For doing that    , the downhill Simplex method takes a set of steps.  F 1 -measure: the weighted harmonic mean of precision and recall. Experiment Design: This study used a within-subject design. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski    , Oula Heikkinen    , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. Note that    , conditioned on the activity function at    , the second term is constant. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN AND RESULT
 Since this paper focuses on the recommendation in ecommerce sites    , we collect a dataset from a typical e-commerce website    , shop.com    , for our experiments. Varying the problem hardness
 In the experimental design    , we vary the number of nodes and dynamic clusters. 9 
 By selecting the mean squared error MSE as loss    , the loss function can be expressed as: 
min B  ,Θ ||B fWX − Y|| 2 + λ1 2 K k=1 ||β k − θ parentk || 2 + λ2 2 ||Θ|| 2 . An arbitrary cutoff point of 20 was chosen for the collection rBllking for each query    , which gave 3 categories of documents for each query. Anil Dash    , a tech blogger and entrepreneur    , has written about his experiences being on the old version of the suggested users list 
Date 
Very shortly after being put on the old suggested user list on Oct. 2    , 2009    , Mr. A recent study of Twitter as a whole    , gathered by breadth-first search    , collected 1.47 billion edges in total 
Impact of the Suggested Users List
Given that the overall celebrity follow rate halved when Twitter switched to the categorical suggested users list    , it is clear that being on the suggested users list increases the acquisition of new followers substantially. Their power of reasoning depends on the expressivity of such representation: an ontology provided with complex TBox axioms can act as a valuable support for the representation and the evaluation of a deep knowledge about the domain it represents. Thus to study the issue of user personalization we make use of our rating and review data see 
Features
Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 
TRAINING
Since we have defined a probability associated with the presence or absence of each relationship    , we can proceed by maximizing the likelihood of an observed relationship set R. In order to do so we randomly select a negative set Q = {rij|rij / ∈ R} such that |Q| = |R| and optimize the log likelihood lY  ,c|R    , Q = Learning then proceeds by optimizing lY  ,c|R    , Q over both Y and c which we achieve by gradient ascent. CONCLUSIONS
We discussed a model of retrieval that bridges a gap between the classical probabilistic models of information retrieval    , and the emerging language modeling approaches. Moreover    , our created lexicon outperforms the competitive counterpart on emotion classification task. , w k p  is given by w k = K −1/2 e k S . Section 4 describes the results of experiments. LIB+LIF: To weight a term    , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. These biases manifest through two characteristics of the language used to describe someone: the specificity of the description    , and the use of words that reveal sentiment toward the target individual. Thus we argue that the DICT model gives a reasonable baseline. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. INTRODUCTION
Despite the prevalence of context-independent word-based approaches for cross-language information retrieval CLIR derived from the IBM translation models 
BACKGROUND AND RELATED WORK
Although word-by-word translation provides the starting point for query translation approaches to CLIR    , there has been much work on using term co-occurrence statistics to select the most appropriate translations 
Context-Independent Baseline
As a baseline    , we consider the technique presented by Darwish and Oard 
Scored|s = j Weighttfsj     , d    , dfsj 1 tfsj    , d = t i tfti    , dP r token ti|sj  2  dfsj = t i dftiP r token ti|sj  3  
 In order to reduce noise from incorrect alignments    , we impose a lower bound on the token translation probability    , and also a cumulative probability threshold    , so that translation alternatives of sj are added in decreasing order of probability  until the cumulative probability has reached the threshold . Therefore    , we extracted entities from the topic description and the top related tweets by means of different NER services DBpedia Spotlight    , Alchemy API    , and Zemanta. To compare the two approaches in detail    , we are interested in answering two questions. Comparison with other feature selection methods
To test the effectiveness of using appraisal words as the feature set    , we experimentally compare ARSA with a model that uses the classic bag-of-words method for feature selection     , where the feature vectors are computed using the relative frequencies of all the words appearing in the blog entries. The correlation between Qrels-based measures and Trelsbased measures is extremely high. In the following    , two approaches    , namely JAD and Agile modeling    , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. The assumption is reasonable given the patterns of acknowledgments described in the introduction. The method: RaPiD7
An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents    , 7 steps. We want to semantify text by assigning word sense IDs to the content words in the document. Encoder
Given a tweet in the matrix form T size: 150 × 70    , the CNN Section 2.1 extracts the features from the character representation.   , as the product of the probabilities of the single observations    , which are functions of the covariates whose values are known in the observations and the coefficients which are the unknowns. However    , we recognize the limitations of the trade-offs we made in our study design     , including the small sample size and lack of experimental control. Similar to the click modeling for document retrieval    , this sumption explains why top ranked queries receive more clicks even though they are not necessarily relevant to the given prefix. Most steps just move the point of the simplex where the objective value is largest highest point to a lower point with the smaller objective value. We contrast our prediction technique that leverages social cues and image content features with simpler methods that leverage color spaces    , intensity    , and simple contextual metrics. The experiment involved the participants using the Firefox extension of the tag mapping tool within their browser on their own personal computer over a two week period. Related Work
There is a growing interest in the development of text applications using DBMS technology. Introduction
Following Linked Data principles    , data providers made billions of triples available on the web 
– We present CyCLaDEs an approach to build a behavioral decentralized cache on client-side. Trustworthiness of an identity: The likelihood that the identity will respect the terms of service ToS of its domain in the future    , denoted by T rustID. To represent a specific node in S    , previous work tries to find matches in the skipgram model for every phrase    , and average the corresponding vectors 
EMPIRICAL EVALUATION
This section presents an evaluation to verify our proposal    , compared with the baseline model 
Setup
Training Label Set Y0. Previous work on the relationship between topic familiarity and search behavior has established that when users are more familiar with a topic    , they spend less time on search tasks    , and are likely to find a higher number of relevant documents as a proportion of documents viewed 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
To investigate the impact of topic familiarity on search behavior    , we carried out a user study. Our model first determines the score of a candidate reply given the reformulated query    , based on the candidate reply and its associated posting Subsection 5.1.   , QDrop-Out = {q0    , q0 
DEEP LEARNING TO RESPOND
 In this section    , we describe the deep model for query-reply ranking and merging. In the future    , we plan to extend our work to the more open setup    , similar to the QALD hybrid task    , where questions no longer have to be answered exclusively from the KB. Modeling Visual Evolution
 The above model is good at capturing/uncovering visual dimensions as well as the extent to which users are attracted to each of them. The following two sections describe our experimental design and results. An extension could also support composition and association between types    , supporting the structuring mechanisms from object-oriented programming languages in full generality. Conclusion and Future Plans
This paper presented the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval. Whilst this may imply agreement between the searcher and the system    , some aspects of the experimental design may have created a bias towards more documents being saved from the top of the list. Volcano uses a non-interleaved strategy with a transformation-based enumerator. Section 3 reports the experimental results of several well-known ontology systems on the UOBM and provides detailed discussions. From a system's perspective it could be argued that the TREC interactive task of finding as many different instances on a topic as possible in twenty minutes is basically a recall task. Collective Similarity
 Now we consider the problem of multi-domain recommendation . Experiments on several benchmark collections showed very strong per-formances of LIT-based term weighting schemes. To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. This toleration factor reflects the inherent resolving limitation of a given relevance scoring function    , and thus within this toleration factor    , the ranking of documents can be seen as arbitrary. Four pictogram retrieval approaches 
were evaluated: 1 baseline approach which returns pictograms containing the query as interpretation word with ratio greater than 0.5; 2 semantic relevance approach which calculates semantic relevance value using not-categorized interpretations ; 3 semantic relevance approach which calculates semantic relevance values using categorized interpretations; and 4 semantic relevance approach which calculates semantic relevance values using categorized and weighted interpretations . Creation of Relevant Pictogram 
Set. Specifically    , we use Clickture as " labeled " data for semantic queries and train the ranking model.   , http://searchmsn n.com/results.aspx  ?q=machine+learning&form=QBHP. Then    , two paralleled embedding layers are set up in the same embedding space    , one for the affirmative context and the other for the negated context    , followed by their loss functions. character and word n-grams extracted from CNN can be encoded into a vector representation using LSTM that can embed the meaning of the whole tweet. Evaluation
To evaluate TagAssist    , we used data provided to use by Technorati    , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. Our document scoring    , αD    , our region scoring βR    , and our field scoring γF  are discussed in depth in the following sections. Sine~ each node consists of only 24 bytes and the top-down search is closer to a depth-first search than a breadth-first search    , the amount of space required by the hierarchy n·odes is not excessive. 7 we evaluate our initial implementation on the QALD-4 benchmark and conclude in Sect. More research however is required not only in identifying different types of search topics    , but also in defining more close what constitutes a simple and more complex topic and determining how the different elements should be taken into account in the experimental design. Intmduction
We consider the following dependency inference problem: 
Given a relation r    , fii a set of functional dependencies that logically determines all the functional dependencies holding in r. 
The problem area of lnferrlng general rules from instances of data has become popularly lcno%i as muchine learning MCM83    , MCM861 or knowfedpe acouisifion. This dataset contains the purchase history from 2004-01-01 to 2009-03-08. Therefore    , by modeling both types of dependencies we see an additive effect    , rather than an absorbing effect. RQ3: Is there evidence of linguistic bias based on the race of the person described  ? Instructors select materials useful for promoting learning while students use them to learn. Together with the self-learning knowledge base    , NRE makes a deep injection possible. To prove the applicability of our technique    , we developed a system for aggregating and retrieving online newspaper articles and broadcast news stories. Leading into TREC 2007 it was empirically determined that the models based on grouping questions by answer types was most effective     , and so was the configuration used for the TREC 2007 test set. PARC had developed a number of experimental software development tools and office tools based on the Alto personal computer 
The experimental office tools were the result of several research projects that had produced extensive userinterface design knowledge. In the WSDM Evaluation setup    , we compare the performance of BARACO and MT using the following metrics: AUC and Pearson correlation as before. Language modeling
The retrieval engine used for the Ad Hoc task is based on generative language models and uses cross-entropy between query and document models as main scoring criterion. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 
We find that domain experts can agree on concept coreness ratings    , and that intermediate-level annotated features can be used to computationally predict these coreness ratings. Sparck Jones and Van Rijsbergen Sparck Jones 76/ suggest that the ideal collection should: q be large    , i.e. The Qrels-based measures MAP and P@10 for a specific system were evaluated using the official TREC Qrels and the trec eval program    , while the Trels-based measures tScore    , tScore@k were evaluated using a set of Trels    , manually created by us    , for the same TREC topics for which Qrels exist. 2 
Comparison between Our Method and the Traditional Materialized View Method
Our fast detection method for empty-result queries uses some data structure similar to materialized views − each atomic query part stored in the collection C aqp can be regarded as a " mini " materialized view. The changes in daily gross revenues are depicted in 
Discussion
It is interesting to observe from 
S-PLSA: A PROBABILISTIC APPROACH TO SENTIMENT MINING
In this section    , we propose a probabilistic approach to analyzing sentiments in the blogs    , which will serve as the basis for predicting sales performance. In this example    , P-DBSCAN forms better clusters since it takes local density into account. , πn is the value of the g minus the tax numeraire    , given by: uic = vig − πi. , yN  ∈ R K×N 
1 
where W and B need to be optimized in the subsequent transfer deep learning procedures. Further assuming under this condition that the Web application is invulnerable induces a false negative discussed in Section 5 as PF L |V  ,D. If an injection succeeds    , it serves as an example of the IKM learning from experience and eventually producing a valid set of values. Hence    , in certain cases    , the coverage detection capability of our method is more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method. Participants were recruited through advertisements in the staff and student mailing lists of Alfred Hospital    , and Melbourne University. Previous studies of linguistic bias have involved manually annotating textual descriptions of people by LCM categories 
We measure the above properties in various ways    , and using appropriate statistical models    , compare their use in IMDb biographies across actor race and gender. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. Our experimental results in both scenarios on four datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approaches. This transcription was designated " B2 " in the official NIST TREC-8 SDR documentation and " B1 " in the corresponding TREC-9 SDR documentation. We first vary K    , with fixed p and q values p = 7    , and q = 1. Negative experiences in using RaPiD7 exist    , too. NQS was able to correctly fit 919 out of the 1083 OWLS-TC queries along with all their syntactic variation    , giving high VP of 96.43 %. Most students have some experience in using the UML and object oriented programming through university courses and industrial internships. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. On the other hand    , a more standard assumption in economic theory is the ET game; in the ET game    , if there are ties the revenue is shared equally. For QALD-4 dataset    , it was observed that 21 out of 24 queries with their variations were correctly fitted in NQS. Pearson's correlation r ∈ 
Individualism vs. Collectivism 
In addition to pace of life    , also human relationships differ across cultures. To this end    , a qualitative and two preliminary quantitate evaluations have been carried out. The Map class supports dynamic programming in the Volcano-Mapper    , for instance  because goals are only solved once and the solution physical plan stored. Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. These parameters can be determined by maximizing the log-likelihood function i.e. Whilst classic relevance ratings have viewed relevance in purely semantic terms    , it would appear that in practice users adjust their relevance judgements when considering other factors. We use simple heuristics to separate acronyms from non-acronym entity names. Rule definition
The rule definition module is a modular tool which offers a language for rule programming and a rule programming interface for dynamic creation or modification of rules within an application. There are many different schemes for choosing Δλ. the two baselines    , when using a random forest as the base classifier. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
 As discussed above    , the standard design used in systembased IR evaluations is the repeated-measures design. The particulars of how this assignment procedure works is the experimental design    , and it can substantially affect the precision with which we can estimate δ. Baseline for comparison was a simple string match of the query to interpretation words having a ratio greater than 0.5 5 . For some scenarios    , our strategies yield provably optimal plans; for others the strategies are heuristic ones. This provides the needed document ranking function. By learning the embedding E from the data    , we are uncovering K visual dimensions that are the most predictive of users' opinions. The first factor    , subject culture    , had two values: American and Chinese. The SC-Recall came out to be 96.68 %. , 
κ = m l=1 1 m κ l     , 
 and adopts this combined kernel for KLSH. We propose three aspects context coherence    , selection clarity and reference relevance for measuring context quality    , detecting noisy selections    , and computing the relevance of a reference concept    , respectively. We use this value to predict user's interest in a page which he has not yet visited but which other users have. We wrap up with related work and conclusions. The user interface is designed by first applying a conceptual design method. The task is to estimate the relevance of the image and the query for each test query-image pair    , and then for each query    , we order the images based on the prediction scores returned by our trained ranking model. The predictor pops the top structure off of the queue and tries to extend it using the substantiator. The random forest classifier appears in the first rank. Our first naive approach was to use WordNet 
Experimental design
Our fundamental approach was to group documents that share tags into clusters and then compare the similarity of all documents within a cluster. In order to improve the quality of opinion extraction results    , we extracted the title and content of the blog post for indexing because the scoring functions and Lucene indexing engine cannot differentiate between text present in the links and sidebars of the blog post. CONCLUSIONS
In this paper    , we propose to establish an automatic conversation system between humans and computers. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method    , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. She also chooses a city DuTH B vs A +24  ,58% +23  ,14% +41  ,19% and rates its consisting POIs using the same criteria. , models are built and applied on the same project    , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier    , while only random forest ranks in the first tier. 9 
The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. However    , the MorphAdorner dictionary is an unusually large and clean knowledge base by CLIR standards. Evaluation of the Implementation
 Because our approach extracts reference linking and bibliographic data automatically from widely variable sources    , it cannot be expected that the data will be 100% accurate. These properties make it an interesting case for our study. Procedures and Experimental Design
The study was conducted in the Human-Computer Interaction Lab at the University of Maryland at College Park UMD. In all experiments on the four benchmark collections    , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. The results are listed in 
To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method    , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. In addition to implementation simplicity    , viewing PIVOT as GROUP BY also yields many interesting optimizations that already apply to GROUP BY. The Combined Model
 The CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model draws on the intuition that the sequence of features e.g. The community at large should come together and build systems that conform to standards which will support common data interchange formats    , dynamic    , programmatic access to local and remote data sources    , and common application programming interfaces. It is believed that there is no further sophistication to this representation    , but within the confines of the investigation    , it was not possible to determine this for certain~. To this end    , we specify a distribution over Q: PQq can indicate    , for example    , the probability that a specific query q is issued to the information retrieval system which can be approximated. Because linguistic biases are mitigated by the communicative context    , we might expect collaborative biographies created in a more anonymous communication environment     , such as IMDb    , to suffer less from linguistic bias    , where the social identity of the biography's subject is the primary trigger for LIB and LEB. Thus    , D S is identified by its CCD and all the linking candidates D T for this dataset are found in its cluster    , following our working hypothesis. We also studied query independent features on an Support Vector Machine classifier. From the definition of time-dependent marginalized kernel     , we can observe that the semantic similarity between two queries given the timestamp t is determined by two factors . Here a candidate path is a path from vs or vt to an intermediate vertex that follows the appropriate pattern. Besides    , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 
WMKLSH by Weighted Bit Allocation
 We first propose a Weighted Multi-Kernel Locality-Sensitive Hashing WMKLSH scheme by a supervised learning approach to determine the allocation of bit size    , where a kernel is assigned a larger size of bits if it better captures the similarity between data points. The assumption 2 VERTICAL POSITION BIAS ASSUMPTION is modeled by 4 and 6. W3C 
TU The TU benchmark contains both English and Dutch textual evidence. Note that F w is a sum of a finite number of strongly convex and smooth functions and Rw is a general convex function that is non-differentiable. The relevance judgments are supplied in a format amenable to TREC evaluation . At a topic selection meeting    , the seven topics from each site that were felt to be best suited for the multilingual retrieval setting were then selected. CONCLUSIONS
 This paper investigated a framework of Multi-Kernel Locality- Sensitive Hashing by exploring multiple kernels for efficient and scalable content-based image retrieval. Otherwise    , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. Research Framework
To organize our research    , we modified the model of 
Tag Suggestions 
 Prior work showed users create tags similar to those they have viewed 
Experimental design
To study our research questions    , we designed a survey in which subjects were shown a sequence of movies and asked to apply tags to each of the movies. Also    , each method reads all the feature vectors into main memory at startup time. The accuracy and effectiveness of our model have been confirmed by the experiments on the movie data set. , in 
RETRIEVAL MODEL
In this section we derive our ranking mechanism. A text document can be viewed as a set of terms with probabilities estimated by frequencies of occurrence. Additional experiments have to point out which reason or reasons actually explain the experimental results the best. Our random forest is composed of binary trees and a weight associated with each tree. CONCLUSIONS
 In this paper    , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. This is approached by embedding both the image and the novel labels into a common semantic space such that their relevance can be estimated in terms of the distance between the corresponding vectors in the space. Overview of CLIR
There are three main ways in which cross-language information retrieval approaches attempt to "cross the language barrier" – through query translation    , or document translation    , or both. Document Scoring
We want our event scoring function to take into account the page's likelihood of discussing an event    , therefore we include a document-level score αD.   , n    , IMRank eventually converges to a self-consistent ranking within a finite number of iterations    , starting from any initial ranking. , 
Four Subject Systems
 We synthesized design spaces and compared static predictions with dynamic results for four subject systems. The many-to-many translation relations for biological and its paraphrased or synonymous words between English and Chinese are depicted in 
OUR APPROACH: OVERVIEW
Our approach of using translation representation for a monolingual retrieval task is summarized in 
CONSTRUCTION OF TRANSLATION REPRESENTATION
Expected Frequency of an Auxiliary Word
In this paper    , source language refers to the language of a given document collection    , and auxiliary language refers to an additional language used as the translation representation . The resulting relevance model significantly outperforms all existing click models. Availability of both words and n-grams also helped us significantly in the cross-language task    , for which HAIRCUT was a first-time participant. The general interest score is the cosine similarity between the user general interest model and the suggestion model in terms of their vector representations. According to extensive experiment results    , T is always significantly smaller than k. Besides    , dmax is usually much smaller than n    , e.g. We present optimization strategies for various scenarios of interest. Experimental Environment
We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 
Distribution of Co-reference in Linked Data
Some research implies that co-reference follows a power law distribution 
Experimental Settings
We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator    , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method.