The full version with all similarity criteria was preferred and the visual-only mode was seen as ineffective. In this paper  , we used an optimistic fair-exchange protocol proposed by Micali 13 for fair-contract signing. 2. an automatic search was then done by similarity of concepts with query and narrative fields just copied into the search mask. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : The basic problem is then to limit combinatorial explosion while deducinc knowledge. By writing multiple pages instead of only a single page each time as in repf I  , rep1 6 is able to sigtificantly reduce tbe number of disk seeks in replacement selection  , bringing the duration of its split phase much closer to that of quick. In a recent survey 19   , methods of pattern matching on graphs are categorized into exact and inexact matching. To define the similarity measure  , we took the number of matches  , the length of the URL   , the value of the match between the URL head and the URL tail into account  , as shown in the last lines of Table 9. In order to evaluate this reranking scheme  , we ranked the URL address result list according to request their similarity. To perform a matching operation with respect to a contiguous word phrase  , two approaches are possible. These hashing methods try to encode each data example by using a small fixed number of binary bits while at the same time preserve the similarity between data examples as much as possible. Regularity Detection is used to detect specific patterns of movement from a properly structured database Itinerary Pattern Base. We defined four types of concepts: proper nouns  , dictionary phrases  , simple phrases and complex phrases. The satellites automatically instrument the application using Javassist 25. Random pictures can be renewed on demand by the user. Note that in this paper  , we focus on ordered twig pattern matching. Snort library is sorted  , optimized and compiled by rule compiler. The learned soft patterns are used to judge whether sentences are definitional. It allowed them to search using criteria that are hard to express in words. " The syntax errors we introduced can be located without understanding the execution of the program; they merely require some kind of pattern matching. The sample is basically used for computing the skeleton of a kd-tree that is kept as an index in an internal node of the index structure as it is known from the X-tree BKK 96. The framework has three core components: an actor similarity module to compute actor similarity scores  , a document matching module to match user queries with indexed documents  , and a SNDocRank module to produce the final ranking by combining document relevance scores with actor similarity scores. We investigated two popular similarity measures  , Jaccard Similarity and Cosine Similarity  , and our experiments showed that the latter had a much better performance and is used in the remainder of our experiments. Moreover  , patterns can only be determined from the unencrypted segment i.e. Sµqi  , c  , qi ∈ Ω Average character trie-gram similarity with all previous queries in the session Ω. For testing the search labels  , the clusters in the hierarchy were ranked based on the similarity between the search representative and the topic description using the cosine metric. While it is easy to imagine uses of pattern matching primitives in real applications  , such as search engines and text mining tools  , rank/select operations appear uncommon. In similarity search 14 the basic idea is to find the most similar objects to a query one i.e. There are two major challenges for using similarity search in large scale data: storing the large data and retrieving desired data efficiently. Consequently   , for i ≥ 1  , we estimate the cost of matching a pattern as: costpi = f rontierpi−1 × explorepi. , portfolio theory  , Business value is not the only mature concept of value. This method is for validating the efficacy of the most common similarity measure. For each word of a pattern it allows to have not only single letters in the pattern   , but any set of characters at each position. slot is bound to the key chunks of questions. We believe that much information about patterns can be retrieved by analyzing the names of identifiers and comments. Using σ G s as a surrogate for user assessments of semantic similarity  , we can address the general question of how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. During As the responses of each game partner were randomized unknowingly to the participants  , the attribution of intention or will to an opponent i.e. Given a database of sequences S  , a query sequence q  , and a threshold   , similarity search finds the set of all sequences whose distance to q is less than . We discuss our method of soft pattern generalization and matching in the next section. Dellarocas 5 provides a working survey for research in game theory and economics on reputation. , it carries out a similarity search 7. For this pattern  , dbo:City is more likely to be a domain than dbo:Scientist  , and so for the range. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces  , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. Unknown viruses applying this technique are even more difficult to detect. Ideally  , a similarity search system should be able to achieve high-quality search with high speed  , while using a small amount of space. The efficiency coefficient κ j is of particular interest  , because it represents how efficient company j is when fixing its price  , a well-known result in game theory. In Figure 1we refer to this as Streaming Slot Value Extraction. That allowed us to achieve the purpose of this method which was the extraction of a much larger number of matching points than in the previous method. As joins are expressed by conjunctions of multiple triple patterns and associated variables  , a prerequisite for join source selection is the identification of relevant sources for a given triple pattern. We can observe that LSSH can significantly outperform baseline methods on both cross-modal similarity search tasks which verifies the effectiveness of LSSH. Given a search results D  , a visual similarity graph G is first constructed. The recognition module of person's name  , place  , organization and transliteration is more complex. The set of common attributes is preconfigured as domain knowledge  , which is used in attribute matching as well. This also makes automatic summarization easier because human voices can be easily recognized and pattern matching should be useful for recognizing many natural sounds. The rest of this paper is organized as follows. With that improvement one can still write filenames such as *.txt. Doing so allows for powerful and general descriptions of interaction. The output of this pattern matching phase is tuples of labels for relevant nodes  , which is considered as intermediate result set  , named as RS intermediate . When data objects are represented by d-dimensional feature vectors   , the goal of similarity search for a given query object q  , is to find the K objects that are closest to q according to a distance function in the d-dimensional space. These navigational features are then fed into a sequence of pattern matching steps. In this paper  , we present a scalable approach for related-document search using entity-based document similarity. Research related to this game has explored both the physical demands 9 and the strategic demands 10. The conventional approach to supporting similarity search in high-dimensional vector space can be broadly classified into two categories. In game theory  , Nash equilibrium is a solution concept to characterize a class of equilibrium strategies a game with multiple players will likely reach 23. Most search systems used in recent years have been relational database systems. As introduced in Section 2  , many current researches use interest profiles to personalize search results 22  , 19  , 6. Haar wavelet transform has been used in many domains  , for example  , time series similarity search 11. The goal is to discover all pairs of sites whose similarity exceeds some threshold  , s. Fortunately  , as shown in Section 6  , any two legitimate sites have negligible similarity. This means that we would do EA_LB_Keogh 2k-1 times  , without early abandoning. This accomplishes one of our goals of involving time information to improve today's search engine. After the matching is completed  , sorting of variables is performed to enable the user to view those most interesting patterns in nearby sections of the horizontal axis. Recognizing the oosperm and the micro tube is virtually a matching problem. This is because the position of a token is important in modeling: for instance  , a comma always appears in the first slot right of the target in an appositive expression. Many applications of set similarity arise in large-scale datasets. We then consider the noncooperative game theoretic method  , in which each link update its persistent probability using its own local information. It is computationally infeasible to generate the similarity graph S for the billions of images that are indexed by commercial search engines. ServiceXplorer also offers an advanced similarity search that enables users to locate services by selecting different index structures  , specifying QoS parameters and comparing the search performance with that of VSM. Given an external concept  , we perform a pattern matching on the thesaurus  , made of the following operations : a-1 inclusion step : We look for a thesaurus item i.e a clique which includes the given group. Such experimental evaluation may be useful despite the large amount of data from real-life auctions  , as it allows us to ask " what if " questions and to isolate different aspects of user behavior that cannot be answered based just on real-world data. TwigStack 7  , attract lots of research attention. We found that 12 ,006 reports had one visit associated while 2 ,387 of the reports had more than or equal to 10 visits. Instead  , we utilize the information from several users to create search behavior clusters  , in which users participate. This principle will be applied decoupling the functional properties from the non functional properties matching. Variables like  ?root are existentially quantified over the pattern  , while E  , T  , H  , C are free. where c i c k means that c i is related to c k through a subsumption relationship. This approach assumes a competitive game that ensures safety by computing the worst case strategies for the pursuer and evader. Section 2 reviews previous works on similarity search. Note that one image-pattern neuron is added at every training point and the target's pose at that point is stored in conjunction with the image-pattern neuron for use later. The key mining and search steps are marked in Figure 3. This means the within ads similarity of users  , which are represented by their short term search behaviors  , can be around 90 times larger than the corresponding between ads similarity. For similarity search  , the sketch distances are directly used. Existing patterns are rendered inapplicable to matching simply with partial modification of the virus code as seen in numerous variants. Task T k loads the assigned partition P k and produces an inverted index to be used during the partition-wise comparison. The similarity measure employed derives from the extended family of semantic pseudo-metrics based on feature committees 4: weights are based on the amount of information conveyed by each feature  , on the grounds of an estimate of its entropy. Matching of a substantial part of an extracted EUC model to an EUC pattern indicates potential incompleteness and/or incorrectness at the points of deviation from the pattern. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the soft cardinalitybased semantic similarity where the expert coreness annotations were used as training data. Another liked the " very diverse search criteria and browsing styles. " In the next section  , we will see that estimating the intended path from an incomplete sequence of the subject's motion even after it is started holds technical utility. Previous work 10  , 18  , 25 on mining alternating specifications has largely focused on developing efficient ranking and selection mechanisms . A smaller k value means that the expanded query terms are less important. If there are two search results we compute their similarity score and discard the articles if the score is below a threshold  Whenever the page-similarity score is below a threshold y the article is discarded Rule F1. iDistance 16  , 33 is an index method for similarity search. Both '/' and '//' in the pattern are treated as regular tree edges. The second parameter to be tested is the opinion similarity function. In this section we will focus on three sources from which equations with extra variables can arise and on how CEC deals with these cases. Option −w means searching for the pattern expression as a word. Variable reduction is illustrated in example 3. Example 2. There are many promising future directions. Finding them requires no change in the method of producing the self-similarity matrix  , but only a change in the direction of search – rising left to right rather than falling. Typical examples of parameter estimators are pattern matching with video cameras; collision prediction; detection of task switching conditions; identification of dynamic parameters of the load of the system; etc. the GEMINI framework 9. Many real-world applications require solving a similarity search problem where one is interested in all pairs of objects whose similarity is above a specified threshold. The repetitive controller then try to cancel this non-periodic disturbance after one period in order to bring E r k to zero. At last  , all gathered pages are reranked with their similarity. Problems arising in the ICT industry  , such as resource or quality of service allocation problems  , pricing  , and load shedding  , can not be handled with classical optimization approaches. Search quality is measured by recall. The underlying theory being that a character that is making progress will be content with their current guild. , normalized size of set intersections . An important conceptional distinction in time series similarity search is between global and partial search. system  , with rules maximizing recall  , 2 Pass the grammar annotated data through an ML system based on Carreras  , X. et al  , 2003  , and 3 In the spirit of Mikheev  , A. et al  , 1998 perform partial matching on the text. In graph theory  , the several interesting results have been obtained for pursuit-evasion in a graph  , in which the pursuers and evader can move from vertex to vertex until eventually a pursuer and evader lie in the same vertex 14  , 15  , 16  , 181. Expectations associated with that word would search for modifiers like "probabilistic" and for the entity being analyzed "Quicksort"  , as well as looking for other components that are not present in this particular piece of text  , While being guided by the expectation-based model laid out above  , we plan to depart from it in several ways. State-of-the-Art. Furthermore  , pattern matching across hyper-links which is important for Web Site navigation is not supported. In this paper we are only interested in SPARQL CONSTRUCT queries. These patterns  , such as looking for copular constructions and appositives  , were either hand-constructed or learned from a training corpus. This method only obtained 9 additional answers in TREC 2005. In our system we have realized the techniques necessary to support XML represented feature similarity search. AskDragon uses pattern matching rules to generate candidate answers. Buse and Wiemer 10 discuss that the answers of existing code search engines are usually complicated even after slicing. In Section 2 we i n troduce the notation and give formal deenitions of the similarity search problems. In particular  , the work from this paper was used to design a campaign to acquire competitors' customers  , which had a high positive response rate and allowed to increase the market share of company E  , a fact that gives even more credibility to the application of such models in companies. For many applications  , building the bounding representation can be performed as a precomputation step. After experimenting with several structural pattern languages based on text  , we discovered that any moderately sophisticated tern quickly becomes difficult to understand. LLDL is particularly useful for learning collocations because it contains a large amount of genuine text and provides useful search facilities. Traditional text similarity search methods in the original keyword vector space are difficult to be used for large datasets  , since these methods utilize the content vectors of the documents in a highdimensional space and are associated with high cost of float/integer computation. For each resource  , we measure the similarity between the R missing  and the extracted tweet page. Section 7 concludes this paper. We conduct a series of extrinsic experiments using the two soft pattern models on TREC definitional QA task test data. For each substring  , the bounding boxes indicate the parts that match exactly with S 2 . the minimum number of operations needed to transform a document to the query and vice-versa. More like real life.. pattern matching using the colours can be used for quicker reference. " The similarity merge formula multiplies the sum of fusion component scores for a document by the number of fusion components that retrieved the document i.e. Second  , it would be useful to investigate customization solutions based on shared tree pattern matching  , once such technology is sufficiently developed.  ls: lightly stemmed words  , obtained by using pattern matching to remove common prefixes and suffixes. Structural similarity: The similarity of two expressions is defined as a function of their structures and the symbols they share. This is due to the large number of random I/OS that repf 1 produces  , as the external sort alternates between reading a relation page and writing a page to tbe output run. In evaluations  , we only vary the definition pattern matching module while holding constant all other components and their parameters. , feature-based index to assemble an approximate match. A new technique is required to handle the grouping operation in queries. Here  , pattern matching can be considered probabilistic generation of test sequences based on training sequences. A similarity measure between a page and a query that reflects the distance between query terms has been proposed in the meta-search research field 12. However  , the edit distance for similarity measurement is not used for two reasons: 1 Computing edit distances of the query and all the names in the data set is computationally expensive  , so a method based on indexed features of substrings is much faster and feasible in practice . The entity pairs are extracted from the body of the archived documents first by splitting the documents into sentences using the Stanford CoreNLP library 4 . Semantic hashing 33  is used in the case when the requirement for the exactness of the final results is not high  , and the similarity search in the original high dimensional space is not affordable . Following Csikszentmihalyi's theory of Flow 12  , a state of deep immersion is a good foundation for high performance independent of the concrete task at hand. KIM has a rule-based  , human-engineered IE system  , which uses the ontology structure during pattern matching and instance disambiguation. In 1  , we came to the conclusion that the pattern matching approach suffers from a relatively low recall because the answer patterns are often too specific. To identify the target of a question  , pattern matching is applied to assign one of the 18 categories to the question. Also the abbreviated naming of entities by using their functional groups only contributes to the false retriev- als. In this paper  , we considered the problem of similarity search in a large sequence databases with edit distance as the similarity measure. For extroverted participants  , robot's intervention increases people's heart rate in easy game level and decreases it in the difficult level. Some question type has up to several hundred patterns. We integrated Mathematica8 into our system  , to perform pattern matching on the equations and identify occurrences within a predefined set of patterns. Daubechies' wavelet. Our approach called SemanticTyper is significantly different from approaches in past work in that we attempt to capture the distribution and hence characteristic properties of the data corresponding to a semantic label as a whole rather than extracting features from individual data values. 2006  , to the characteristics of peer-production systems and information sharing repositories Merkel et al. Among them hash-based methods were received more attention due to its ability of solving similarity search in high dimensional space. directly applied traditional hashing methods for similarity search  , and significant speedup e.g. In other cases words were added or omitted. Each pattern matching step either involves the use of regular expressions or an external dictionary such as a dictionary of person names or product names. We also showed that it takes more effort from the user to form queries when doing pattern search as compared to similarity search  , but when relevant matches are found they are ranked somewhat higher. If the query involves multiple patterns  , it is randomly assigned to one of the matching buckets. However  , all these methods target traditional graph search. Here  , the problem of estimating an intended path pattern is defined as a pattern matching problem from incomplete data sequence of a human motion in its early stage. Implementation We have developed a prototype tool for coverage refinement . Also  , interfaces based on structured query languages  , SPARQL in particular  , are widely employed. The result is empty  , if negatively matched statements are known to be negative. There are several main differences between string matching and the discovery of FA patterns. The comparison between raw-data objects is done in a pixel-by-pixel fashion. We overcome this problem by actually downloading the pages  , analyzing them linguistically  , and matching the patterns instead of merely generating them and counting their Google hits. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios   , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought 5. Implementability and operation decomposition are expressed similarly: pattern matching is used to extract the necessary in- formation. This method is well suited for real time tracking applications. Additionally  , we plan to experiment with re-ranking the results returned by the Lucene search engine using cosine similarity in order to maintain consistency with the relevance similarity method used in scenario A. We now describe the set-up of our evaluation   , in terms of datasets  , similarity functions  , and LSH functions used  , and quality metrics measured. Sponsored search click data is noisy  , possibly more than search clicks. Anchor text is an alternative data source for query reformulation . In a first step the name is converted to its unique SMILES representation: For each matching SMARTS pattern  , we set the corresponding bit to 1. By better modeling users' search targets based on personalized music dimensions  , we can create more comprehensive similarity measures and improve the music retrieval accuracy. We also use the Suc@k which means that percentage of queries for which at least one relevance result is ranked up to position k including k. For example  , AlphaSort 18  , a shared-memory based parallel external sort  , uses quicksort as the sequential sorting kernel and a replacement-selection tree to merge the sorted subsets. The earliest attempts of detecting structural similarity go back to computing tree-editing distances 29  , 30  , 32  , 34  , 36. In reporting on KMS for TREC 2004  , we described in detail the major types of functions employed: XML  , linguistic  , dictionary  , summarization  , and miscellaneous string and pattern matching. Both experiments show significant improvement over baseline systems. In order to define these two functions we need the statistics defined in Table 1 . Our system focuses on ordered twig pattern matching  , which is essential for applications where the nodes in a twig pattern follow the document order in XML. Further  , optimizations across data sources cannot be performed efficiently.  We demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of our techniques with a comprehensive empirical evaluation on real datasets. By using entities instead of text  , heterogeneous content can be handled in an integrated manner and some disadvantages of statistical similarity approaches can be avoided. We discuss the potential applications of this result to the design of semantic similarity estimates from lexical and link similarity  , and to the optimization of ranking functions in search engines. When an eye image is input  , the pattern matching is carried out with the pattern matching model  , memorized previously. 6 also gave an excellent exposition on " role similarity " . We conjecture that current pattern matching applications may be hindered due to the rigidity of hard matching. As mentioned above  , current EP systems 1  , 6  , 8  do real-time pattern matching over unbound event streams. Game theory has also been used as a means for controlling a robot 5  , 7. This means that RCDR successfully preserved information useful for estimating target orders. In the example  , if we had defined the nonreflexive " less than " -relation < on integers and passed this to quicksort  , the violation of the reflexivity constraint for =< in totalorder would have been indicated immediately: After renaming =< into < and the sort elem into int the specification of quicksort as given in example 2.3 combined with the above specification is inconsistent because the two axioms n < 0 = false and el < el = true imply false = 0 < 0 = true which is an equation between two constructor terms. Traditional similarity search methods are difficult to be used directly for large scale data since computing the similarity using the original features i.e. First  , we want to point out that hash-based similarity search is a space partitioning method. where ins represents a test instance and C denotes the context model. Search another instance with high similarity and same class from 'UnGroup' data  , repeat 6; 9. For example  , recent work has shown that there are deep connections between modularity in design and the value of real options--capital analogs of financial options. The dates of death serve as a baseline since they are likely represented by a single sentence in Wikipedia. In short  , while these approaches focus on the mining of various entities for different social media search applications  , the interaction among entities is not exploited. To demonstrate our evaluation methodology  , we applied it to a reasonably sized set of parameter settings including choices for document representation and term weighting schemes and determined which of them is most effective for similarity search on the Web. The rules with the highest weights then indicate the recommenders to be applied. An Agent-Based Simulation model is regarded as a Multi-Agent System MAS  , which is a system composed of multiple interacting intelligent agents. In going from input to output we use a simple bucket sort  , while in going from output to input we use a technique structurally similar to Quicksort. For each molecule inspected  , our system keeps track of the provenance of any triple matching the current pattern being handled checkIfTripleExists. We performed a number of experiments on the joined messenger and search data described in the previous section. Users can also express complex queries  , where full-text  , fielded  , and similarity search is conveniently combined. A larger mAP indicates better performance that similar instances have high rank.  Visualization of rank change of each web page with different queries in the same search session. Modifying these lists is an easy task and was successfully carried out by non-expert users. Second  , we model advertiser behaviors using a parametric model  , and apply machine learning techniques to learn the parameters in the model. Furthermore  , we believe that there is much more potential in integrating audio-based similarity  , especially if improved audio similarity measures become available. This implies that M F k is also aperiodic and together with irreducibility this means that M F k is ergodic. Nevertheless  , such pattern matching is well supported in current engines  , by using inverted lists– our realization can build upon similar techniques. k := k l   , this means a computational complexity of Ok m . Their industrial applications were rarely observed in the literature. Moreover   , the advantage of using this software and pattern is to eliminate human-introduced errors in the selection and matching of points. are free of aT  , a u k k f z means of %'-configuration vectors. The main contribution of this paper is a novel Self-Taught Hashing STH approach to semantic hashing for fast similarity search. Currently  , our similarity search for pages or passages is done using the vector space model and passage-feature vectors. Then documents with CH4 get higher scores. At the end of this pattern-matching operation  , each element of the structure is associated with a set of indexing terms which are then stored in the indexing base. Many systems used pattern-matching to locate definition-content in text. This ensures that the child keeps being challenged which is an important factor in both intelligent tutoring systems 17 and game theory 6. Vector-space search using full-length documents is not as well suited to the task. Surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems. Perfect match is not always guaranteed. it is quite difficult to understand. The center coordinates of iris are estimated from each model that is estimated its location by pattern matching. Subgrouping may occur based on the group's task  , position within the swarm  , entity size  , role or a combination of factors. Furthermore  , on extracting slot values  , pattern matching might not be the best options but definitely can produce some good results at hand. In 24  , a theory of learning interactions is developed using game theory and the principle of maximum entropy; only 2 agent simulations are tested. These approaches focus on analyzing one-shot data points to detect emergent events. δ represents a tunable parameter to favor either the centroid weight or the pattern weight. Typically  , HRI research explores the mechanisms for interaction  , such as gaze following  , smooth pursuit  , face detection  , and affect characterization 8. The first set of experiments establish a basic correlation between talking on messenger and similarity of various attributes. We use a pattern-matching module to recognize those OODs with fixed structure pattern  , such as money  , date  , time  , percentage and digit. SCRUPLE 10 and JaTS 5  provide pattern matching facilities that can interpret source-code like patterns. This work differs from much of current human-robot interaction research in that our work investigates theoretical aspects of humanrobot interaction. The goal of multi-pattern matching is to find within a text string d all occurrences of patterns from a given set. Efficient implementations for commonly used similarity metrics are readily available  , so that the computational effort for search and retrieval of similar products has little impact on the efficiency of this approach. Therefore  , their distance is not an absolute value but relative to the search context  , i.e. Finally  , we rank the suggestions based on their similarity with user's profiles. To motivate similarity search for web services  , consider the following typical scenario. In a segmented implementation  , a record swap operation translates to a pointer swap operation whose time cost is independent of record size. Although search for First-max finds the highest similarity using a longer path 77 steps as opposed to 24  , it reaches high quality solutions faster. It does not have natural language understanding capabilities  , but employs simple pattern matching and statistics. there have been several attempts at building a personalized or contextual search engine3 or session based search engines 12  , our search engine has the following new features:  Incorporation of title and summary of clicked web pages and past queries in the same search session to update the query. There is often not much texture in indoor man-made environments for high coverage dense stereo matching. The triple pattern matching operator transforms a logical RDF stream into a logical data stream  , i.e. Our work develops more powerful optimizations that exploit the particular requirements of the all-pairs similarity search problem. Using the generated pattern as a starting point  , the developer interactively modifies the pattern by inserting wildcards and matching constraints. Due to ambiguity in natural language  , the top returned results may not be related to the current search session. So the translation between these constructs is straightforward. From another perspective  , searching a gigabyte of feature data lasts only around one second. Moreover  , we cannot deal with the above issues considering only content similarity. An extension of the cascade of Figure 19.6 in two dimensions with k cascades can be used to do pattern matching operations with respect to k distinct patterns. Matching is meant here as deciding whether either a given ontology or its part is compliant matches with a given pattern. The generated file is used for programming of FPGA and pattern matching. Discrete transitions are generally used when trying to convey an intuition about the overall behavior of a program in a context where the changes can be easily grasped; BALSAS visualization of the QuickSort  , in which each discrete change shows the results after each partitioning step  , may be cited as an example. We plan to study these issues in the near future. Whenever a context change is detected  , the change is immediately examined to decide its influence on pat. Taking an approach that does not require such conditions  , Lawrence & Giles performed a local search on a collection formed by downloading all documents retrieved by the source search engines 2. All these observations  , however  , have to wait for experimental confirmation. The similarity scheme is more complex  , requiring some IR machinery in order to measure the cosine similarity between the examined results and the term vectors induced from the Trels. The Reranking is performed by using a similarity measure between a query vector and a web page in the search results. As mentioned above  , the semantic web and ontology based search system introduced in this study developed the next generation in search services  , such as flexible name search  , intelligence sentence search  , concept search  , and similarity search  , by applying the query to a Point Of Interest search system in wireless mobile communication systems. However  , due to the well recognized semantic gap problem 1  , the accuracy and the recall of image similarity search are often still low. The use of Bing's special search operators was not evaluated at all. The game theory based research lays the foundation for online reputation systems research and provides interesting insights into the complex behavioral dynamics. The system is capable of contextual search capability which performs eeective document-to-document similarity search. Tschang also developed a grounded theory of creativity in game development 16 and a theory of innovation 17. For the first variation the text collection was the Web  , and for the second  , the local AQUAINT corpus. To answer our first research question we evaluate the performance of the baseline bl and subjunctive sj interface on a complex exploratory search task in terms of user interaction statistics and in terms of search patterns. wik means the number of points that located in the k-th bin. During the training session  , the above extraction pattern is applied to the web page and the first table matching the pattern is returned as the web clip. Similarity measures for Boolean search request formulations 335 Radecki  , 1977Radecki  ,   , 1978a. Breakpoint preparation asks GDB to set a number of breakpoints on lines which could possibly correspond to events requested by a fget. All Pairs Similarity Search APSS 6  , which identifies similar objects among a given dataset  , has many important applications. But the pattern is quite difficult to understand so it helps to have this pattern level view and this matching into the source code. Geometric hashing 14 has been proposed aa a technique for fast indexing. Finally  , authors in 7 analyze the impact of non-cooperative users in a system of multiple parallel non-observable queues by studying the Price of Anarchy PoA  , the worst-case performance loss of the selfish equilibrium with respect to its centralized counterpart. Regular similarity treats the document as a query to find other similar documents. The program slice is smaller than the whole program  , and therefore easier to read and understand. Typically  , a Web browser interprets an HTML file just once  , in sequential order  , and so the semantics of character data do not need to be spot-checked by 'random access'. This is known as the transitive closure of a graph. µ is a solution in evalG W   , BGP   , if it is complete for BGP and We call all the sessions supporting a pattern as its support set. Retrieved results of similarity search with and without feature selection are highly correlated. Intuitively  , each pattern categorizes a set of context instances. Detection time with angle increment 6 5 5 varies between 2-4 seconds. To support similarity search  , partial formulae of each formula are useful as possible substructures for indexing. We will focus our related work discussion on path extraction queries. The one extracts a cognitive image aimed at pattern matching  , and the other creates a perceptual imagelO  , 111. However  , datadriven techniques Section 5 offer additional protection from false or extraneous matches by lowering the importance ranking of information not corroborated elsewhere in the data. The technique we use for full similarity search is the frequent k-n-match query and we will evaluate its effectiveness statistically in Section 5.1.2. Some simple context search methods use the similarity measure to compute similarity between a document and context bag-of-words or word vector. 9 The total cost number of sequence comparisons of our methods are up to 20 and 30 times less than that of Omni and frequency vectors  , respectively. The result of unsupervised pattern learning through PRF is a set of soft patterns as presented in Section 2 Step 3a. In the context of chemical structure search a lot of work has been done in developing similarity measures for chemical entities resulting in a huge amount of available measures. In this paper  , we would like to approach the problem of similarity search by enhancing the full-text retrieval library Lucene 1 with content-based image retrieval facilities. In this paper  , we will discuss a technique which represents documents in terms of conceptual word-chains  , a method which admits both high quality similarity search and indexing techniques. For brevity  , we have omitted most of the components used to support keyword queries. For the constant elasticity case this means that K J = diag{K J ,i }  , i.e. For each query  , the resources search engines with higher similarity score would be returned. From a matching logic perspective  , unlike in other program verification logics  , program variables like root are not logical variables; they are simple syntactic constants. The definition generation module first extracts definition sentences from the document set. The most significant one is SQ with the average R as large as 91.189 compared with other BT strategies. A pattern describes what will be affected by the transformation; an action describes the replacement for every matching instance of the pattern in the source code. In the literature " approximate string matching " also refers to the problem of finding a pattern string approximately in a text. Yet we still compare LSSH to CHMIS to verify the ability of LSSH to promote search performance by merging knowledge from heterogeneous data sources. The mentioned appraisal variables are then used by FAtiMA to generate Joy/Distress/Gloating/Resentment/Hope/Fear emotions  , according to OCC Theory of emotions18. For example  , AltaVista provide a content-based site search engine 1; Berkeley's Cha-Cha search engine organizes the search results into some categories to reflect the underlying intranet structure 9; and the navigation system by M. Levence et al. The techniques discussed in this paper can be used for dramatically improving the search quality as well as search efficiency. However  , sufficient knowledge to select substructures to characterize the desired molecules is required  , so the similarity search is desired to bypass the substructure selection. Simdi  , dj ≤ min||di||∞||dj||1  , ||dj||∞||di||1 < τ. We call this bisimulation graph the twig pattern. 22 describe a method to compute pairwise similarity scores between queries based on the hypothesis that queries that co-occur in a search session are related. SIREN implements five similarity operators. Completion in CEC  , however  , in addition to make rewriting confluent  , establishes completeness of this efficient operational semantics for quasireductive equations. SA first identifies the T-expression  , and tries to find matching sentiment patterns. The method however relies on a recursive partitioning of the data set into two as it is known from Quicksort. // " -axis query and documents with recursively appearing tags  , file scan is neither efficient  , nor effective to return correct answers. Of course  , other similarity coefficients could be used m this case as well. We will compare our technique to standard similarity search on the inverted index in terms of quality  , storage  , and search efficiency. Such queries are very frequent in a multitude of applications including a multimedia similarity search on images  , audio  , etc. Finally we decide to apply k=1 and k=0.75 respectively. A review of home-based photo albums provides further support for the utility of viewing search results that are grouped by content features and by contexts 16. Given a descriptor and a distance measure  , users are allowed to search for data objects not only by similarity of the annotation  , but also by similarity of content. Future work will focus on efficient access to disk-based index structures  , as well as generalizing the bounding approach toward other metrics such as Cosine. -Term distance method Dist This method uses the following similarity measure in place of the cosine similarity in Cosine. Many command arguments are names of files. Proceedings of the 24th VLDB Conference New York  , USA  , 1998 search have produced several results for efficiently supporting similarity search  , and among them  , quadratic form distance functions have shown their high usefulness. Simple keyword searching is unlikely to be adequate. Similarity search in 3D point sets has been studied extensively . , substructures of an entity are not simply substrings of the entity name. Since ORN is a graph model that carries informative semantics about an image  , the graph distance between ORNs can serve as an effective measurement of the semantic similarity between images. For example   , one cannot constrain the matching of events that logically match various parts of the same event pattern to those events that were generated by the same user or on the same machine. It is less restrictive than subgraph isomorphism  , and can be determined in quadratic time 16. Although our technique is designed with a focus on document-todocument similarity queries  , the techniques are also applicable to the short queries of search engines. their cosine similarity is almost zero. Pattern inflexibility: Whether using corpus-based learning techniques or manually creating patterns  , to our knowledge all previous systems create hard-coded rules that require strict matching i.e. In both systems  , color-based and texturebased image similarity search were available by dragging and dropping a thumbnail to use as the key for an image-based search. The difference was particularly clear when the number of dimensions K was small. 21 built location information detector based on multiple data sources  , including query result page content snippets and query logs. , how they determine the set S. The criterion for choosing S is for the advertiser to pick a set of keyphrases that searchers may use in their query when looking for their products. A simple yet expressive query language combines concept-aware keyword-based search with abstraction-aware similarity search and contextaware ranking. A variety of robot tasks can be expressed in optimization terms  , and the concept of Nash equilibria provide a u s e ful extension of optimality to multiple robots. Then  , we compare R missing  with each of the elements in R search  and R co−occurring  to demonstrate the best possible similarity. both use the outcome matrix to represent interaction 4  , 6. 'l%c second sorting method  , replacement selection  , works as li~llows: Pages of the source relation are fetched  , and the tuples in these pages arc copied into an ordered heap data structure. For both regular and query-biased similarity  , we construct a unigram model of the find-similar document that is then used as a query to find similar documents see equation 1. The expectation is that the search engine will retrieve all courses matching the query and will display them ranked based on their similarity to the input. Nevertheless  , knowledge of the semantics is important to determining similarity between operation. Because matching is based on predicates  , DARQ currently only supports queries with bound predicates. , often in high dimensional space exhaustively between the query example and every candidate example is impractical for large applications. where A is the search result vector and B is either the " positive " or the " negative " profile vector. A type constraint annotation restricts the static Java type of the matching expression. As a result of her actions  , an alert is also sent to the owner of the reading list  , informing that Shaelyn copied items from it. 31  , extracted the data from the Eclipse code repository and bug database and mapped defects to source code locations files using some heuristics based on pattern matching. When m or n is large  , storing user or item vectors of the size Omr or Onr and similarity search of the complexity On will be a critical efficiency bottleneck   , which has not been well addressed in recent progress on recommender efficiency 23. Nir Ailon 1 proposed a formal pairwise method based on QuickSort which can reduce the number of preference judgments from On 2  to On log n. Phone 1 can make a call from a phone book  , while Phone 2 cannot. Other words in the question might be represented in the question by a synonym which will not be found by simple pattern matching. If there are other peaks with similar matching scores then the disparity computation is ambiguous repeating pattern and the reliability is set to a low value. The work 6 describes other large-scale pattern matching examples. With such information  , we believe  , the spatial-temporal-dependent query similarity model can be used to improve the search experience. The design includes the assignment of an appropriate set of admissible strategies and payoff functions to all players. These potential problems are highlighted to the engineer using visual annotations on the EUC model elements. This section is divided into four subsections. Most of the pattern-matching tools 10  , 14  , 13  , 9 require users to specify the buggy templates. They argue that phonetic similarity PHONDEX works as well as typing errors Damerau-Levenstein metric and plain string similarity n-grams  , and the combinations of these different techniques perform much better than the use of a single technique. 243–318 for an introduction. However  , the data points of the CP pattern are related to a corresponding edge of a CAD model. A similar landmark is used in 7  , two concentric circles that produce in the sensor image an elliptical edge. contiguous and non-contiguous combinations of words are generated and ranked in the descending order of their length. Compute domain similarity. For questions with a simple answer pattern  , the answer candidates can be found by fixed pattern matching. The matching can fail in the case that the pattern does not appear  , e.g. We characterized several possible approaches to this problem   , and we elaborated two working systems that exploit the structure of mathematical expressions for approximate match: structural similarity search and pattern matching. These two are traditional hashing methods for similarity search. In contrast  , interactive games like Monopoly and poker offer players several different actions as part of a sequential ongoing interaction in which a player's motives may change as the game proceeds or depend on who is playing. This system employs two novel ideas related to generic answer type matching using web counts and web snippet pattern matching. BeneFactor 15  and WitchDoc- tor 12 detect ongoing manual refactorings in order to finish them automatically. , similarity search. We can similarly handle factors 3 and 4. Companies that are less efficient  , on the other hand  , present smaller values  , which indicate that their main drivers to fix prices are their observed costs and their lack of interest or capacity to take demand into account. That also explains why many twig pattern matching techniques  , e.g. MILOS indexes this tag with a special index to offer efficient similarity search. Although the above measure SOi. Two important types of patterns are the value change pattern and the failure pattern. For each duplicate DR  , a similarity search was performed and the position of the duplicate DR in the top list was observed . By changing the parameter k  , we can realize the variable viscosity elements. To effect the pattern matching it.self  , finite automata techniques l such as the UNIX regec package can be used. Apparently  , dogpile emphasizes pages highly-ranked by Live and Ask in its meta search more than Google and AOL and more than Yahoo  , Lycos  , Altavista  , and alltheweb. , 29  to further improve the speed and scalability of similarity search. The basic method uses a family of locality-sensitive hash functions to hash nearby objects in the high-dimensional space into the same bucket. In the conventional case  , the user provides a reference image  , and the infrastructure identifies the images that are most similar. Web content can be regarded as an information source with hyperlinks and TV programs as another without them. Usually only exact name search and substring name search are supported by current chemistry databases 2. The DDIS group in Zurich 7 initiates the structure similar measure in ontology and workflows from the Web using their SimPack package. Table 5shows the ten most relevant records in the " game theory " topic. Figure 5illustrates the different similarities sorted for each measure and shows that 41% of the time we can extract a significantly similar replacement page R replacement  to the original resource R missing  by at least 70% similarity. The SemSets method 7 proposed for entity list search utilizes the relevance of entities to automatically constructed categories i.e. Arm i plays a phrase based on a probabilistic striking pattern  , which can be described as a vector of probabilities With the manual F 3 measure  , all three soft pattern models perform significantly better than the baseline p ≤ 0.01. Previous work up to now has maintained a text matching approach to this task. It supports standard XML query languages XPath 6 and XQuery 7 and it offers advanced search and indexing functionality on XML documents. Based on these index pages we analyzed how similarity between chemical entities is computed 4 . Tree models form an instantiation hierarchy. First  , the new documents are parsed to extract information matching the access pattern of the refined path. Searching can be as simple as token matching Math- World or pattern matching 15. For example  , suppose an input text contains 20 desired data records  , and a maximal repeat that occurs 25 times enumerates 18 of them. Finally  , we discuss the derived similarity search model based on these two adopted ideas. This result motivates a CS experiment where we check the correlation between TCT and performance  , completing our argument for detecting careless workers by their TCT under competition conditions. 4 have demonstrated the utility of DTW for ECG pattern matching. 3 In case some attributes are non-nullable  , we use SET DEFAULT to reset attributes values to their default value. Besides consistently producing response times that are at least as fast as Quicksort  , replacement selection with block writes also makes external sorts more responsive  , compared to Quicksort  , in releasing memory when required to do so. From Figure 2we can see that using EMD similarity strategy  , there is a higher probability that the top results are always the most relevant ones. The techniques of unanchored mode operation  , sub-pattern matching   , 'don't care' symbols  , variable precursor position anchoring and selective anchoring as described for a single cascade can be extended to this twodimensional pattern matching device. The video library interface used for the study was an enhanced version of the one used with TRECVID 2003 that achieved the bestranked interactive search performance at that time. Jing et al. Good imaginability allows city dwellers to feel at home mental maps of good cities are economical of mental effort and  , as a result  , their collective well-being thrives Lynch 1960 . Jaccard similarity is 0. Concept assignment is semantic pattern matching in the application domain  , enabling the engineer to search the underlying code base for program fragments that implement a concept from the application domain. Such overlap relationship characterizes the normal behavior of the application. The value which is determined by pattern matching is DataC KK the server's public key for the signature verification . Moreover  , correlations between queries and collections are extracted over the grouplevel profiles  , based on frequency measures  , while some additional statistics are computed to quantify secondary user actions  , such as selection of Advanced Search Fields  , Collection Themes  , etc. However  , there are two reasons that traditional fuzzy search based on edit distance is not used for formula similarity search: 1 Formulae with more similar structures or substructures may have larger edit distance. Although we have framed the issue in terms of a game  , pure game theory makes no predictions about such a case  , in which there are two identical Nash equilibriums. Blank nodes have to be associated with values during pattern matching similiar to variables. Clustered multi-index. It provides complementary search queries that are often hard to verbalize. A considerable number of NEs of person  , organization and location appear in texts with no obvious surface patterns to be captured. Features based on selected subsequences substrings in names and partial formulae in formulae should be used as tokens for search and ranking. The main contribution of this paper is twofold: we combine previously known game theory strategies into ontology reasoning and present a measure to systematically evaluate the inconsistencies in ontologies. Then the LSH-based method will be used to have a quick similarity search. However  , we can still simplify the pattern by removing the parent axis check as shown in 8  presented a probabilistic model for generating rewrites based on an arbitrarily long user search history . The default  , built-in similarity function checks for case-insensitive string equality with a threshold equal to 1. In a next step  , c has to be instantiated by a matching class  , in the case of using DBpedia onto:Film  , and p has to be instantiated with a matching property  , in this case onto:producer. In this paper we will use the GIST descriptor to represent a calligraphic character image. Our main goal at this stage is to demonstrate the utility of using mathematical models to analyze the outcome of preservation strategies in practical situations. If a sample graph vertex label matches the pattern but is not correctly mapped to the model graph vertex then the fitness of the projection is reduced. For a low-dimensional feature space  , similarity search can be carried out efficiently with pre-built space-partitioning index structures such as KD-tree or data-partitioning index structures such as R-tree 7 . A session S supports a pattern P if and only if P is a subsequence of S not violating string matching constraint. The dynamics that these elements define can be modeled by game theory 8 which proposes results based on a solid economical background to understand the actions taken by agents when maximizing their benefit in non-cooperative environments . Finding inverted and simple retrograde sequences requires a change in how the self similarity matrix is produced – instead of matching intervals exactly  , we now match intervals with sign inversions. Whether the original replacement selection  , Quicksort  , or replacement selection with block writes is preferable depends not only on the hardware characteristics of the system  , but also on memory allocation and the size of the relation to be sorted. The larger σ k means the model has more tively. In case of fielded search users can search for pictures by expressing restrictions on the owner of the pictures  , the location where they were taken  , their title  , and on the textual description of the pictures. We analyzed in this connection also specifically compiled corpora whose similarity distribution is significantly skewed towards high similarities: Figure 4contrasts the similarity distribution in the original Reuters Corpus hatched light and in the special corpora solid dark. Note that the second and third features are very similar to two of the similarity measures used in the enhanced pooling approach Section 3.1.2. As mentioned earlier  , X k ,j denotes the corresponding user feature vector. The all-pairs similarity search problem has been directly addressed by Broder et al. He et al. Such queries report the k highest ranking results based on similarity scores of attribute values and specific score aggregation functions. They showed in experiments that their approach attained significant over 90% accuracy in segmenting and matching search tasks. The Contextual Suggestion TREC Track investigates search techniques for complex information needs that are highly dependent on context and user interests. This method creates a definition of length N by taking the The extracted partial syntax-tree pattern contains Figure 2: Pattern extraction and matching for a Genus-Species sentence from an example sentence. Relevant datasets are selected using the predicate-matching method  , that a triple pattern is assigned to datasets that contains its predicate. It also leverages existing definitions from external resources. However  , header patterns of those frames cannot be inherited -only their cases. tl  , t k are still distingusable. Thereby  , the amount of informa3. Using the same method as in the aforementioned formulas the tfidf values are calculated for the terms  , but the term frequency is of course based on the search result itself  , rather than the " positive " or " negative " profile. We constructed several term vector representations based on ASR- text. The discrepancy of 6.5-6.1 = .4 articles/search is made up of articles which NewsTroll did not judge to be related  , i.e. For instance  , in the following case.  New results of a comparative study between different hashbased search methods are presented Section 4. These methods do not easily generalize to other distance metrics or general similarity measures. Pattern matching approaches are widely used because of their simplicity. Informally  , we consider two sequences to be similar if they have enough non-overlapping time-ordered pairs of Figure 1captures the intuition underlying our similarity model. , 1975. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios  , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought l  , 9  , lo . While the similarity is higher than a given threshold  , Candidate Page Getter gathers next N search results form search engine APIs and hands them to Similarity Analyzer. Our newly proposed similarity measurement features graph structure well  , and can be combined with frequent subgraph mining to handle graph-based similarity search. By studying the candidates generated by the QA search module  , we find that Yahoo sorted the questions in terms of the semantic similarity between the query and the candidate question title. We have already mentioned bug pattern matchers 10  , 13  , 27: tools that statically analyze programs to detect specific bugs by pattern matching the program structure to wellknown error patterns. Future enhancements will also comprise special treatment of terms appearing in the meta-tags of the mp3 files and the search for phrases in lyrics. We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. The experiment environment is Xilinx Virtex4 xc4vlx200 which is synthesis by Synplify and is implemented by ISE. Then we argue its asynchronous convergence using game theory. Definition pattern matching is the most important feature used for identifying definitions. 3.2 is initially set up with a path length based semantic similarity measure of concepts. We find that surprisingly  , classic text-based content similarity is a very noisy feature  , whose value is at best weakly correlated . It is widely used for retrieving RDF data because RDF triples form a graph  , and graph patterns matching subgraphs of this graph can be specified as SPARQL queries. Observed from the search results  , this method ranks the images mainly according to the color similarity  , which mistakenly interprets the search intention. Based on the structure of cooking graphs  , we proceed to propose a novel graph-based similarity calculation method which is radically different from normal text-based or content-based approaches. Also  , there is a need to find ways to integrate numberic matching into the soft pattern models. Internet advertising is a complex problem. We identify the following important similarity search queries they may want to pose: Suppose they explored the operation Get- Temperature in W 1 . In this paper  , we proposed a new approach to model the similarity search problem  , namely the k-n-match problem . Finally   , given the increasing ease of online experimentation  , one of the more important directions is empirically testing the efficacy of virtual incentive schemes in the wild 30  , 20. After representing each query as a topic distribution  , we can compute topic similarity between query pairs Qx and Qy by Histogram Intersection 32: It would also be interesting to combine semantic hashing and distributed computing e.g. This example highlights the challenges faced by any code search approach that depends solely on term matching and textual similarity. We also introduced several query models for chemical formula search  , which are different from keywords searches in IR. This means that diversifying top-10 search results reduces the risk of not returning any relevant documents. An ǫ-NN graph is different from a K-NNG in that undirected edges are established between all pairs of points with a similarity above ǫ. all pairs similarity search or similarity join 2  , 22  , 21. The strategy of the pattern-matching can be ruled by an action planner able to dynamically define partial goals to reach. The benefit of taking into account the search result count is twofold. This is observed   , first  , because most conversations in the beginning exhibit a customary dialog pattern  " hi  , " " how are you  , " etc. The query is issued to the corresponding index and a series of possibly relevant records are returned by the search engine. Thus the complexity of computing one context-aware rating is exponential in the number of modes and polynomial in the number of factors. The exact matching requires a total mapping from query nodes to data nodes  , i.e. In our simplified version of pattern matching  , the search trajectory was designed as follows. A relational similarity measure is used to compare the stem word pair with each choice word pair and to select the choice word pair with the highest relational similarity as the answer. In addition to weighting the importance of matching data in the high-information regions  , it would also be appropriate to weight the most current data more strongly. Considering all these elements  , the combination of data mining with game theory provides an interesting research field that has received a lot of attention from the community in recent years  , and from which a great number of new models are expected. Based on search  , target  , and context concept similarity queries may look like the following ones: The selection of a context concept does not only determine which concepts are compared   , it also affects the measured similarity see section 3.4.