Considering the data size of the check-in data  , we use stochastic gradient descent 46 to update parametersˆUparametersˆ parametersˆU C   , ˆ V C   , andˆTandˆ andˆT C . The argument to the PATH-IS function is a regular expression made up from operation names. We can have the following joint model for citations based on documents in different types: We developed our model based on PLSA 4. Using Dijkstra or other graph searching methods  , a path between the start and goal configuration is then easily found. As part of an earlier task on a system that supported the visualization of object connections in a distributed system  , the subject had implemented a locking mechanism to allow only one method of an object to execute at one time. The document collection used in the TREC-2001 CLIR track consisted of 383 ,872 newswire stories that appeared on the Agence France Press AFP Arabic Newswire between 1994 and 2000. a syntactic component . The optimization on this query is performed twice. From the local active time  , the segment and simple times are derived the model is logically inverted to calculate the active duration from simple duration. However  , in many other cases  , it requires rescanning the entire updated database DB in order to build the corresponding FP-tree. We apply pooling to aggregate information along the word sequence. To find the total fit error over all segments for a collection of arbitrary planes  , we add a Lagrange term constraining the angles between pairs of fitting planes to equal the angles between corresponding planes in the model. 33 propose an evolutionary timeline summarization strategy based on dynamic programming. In this paper  , we propose a novel image search system  , which presents a novel interface to enable users to intuitively indicate the search goal by formulating the query in a visual manner  , i.e. This paper presents our research work on automatic question classification through machine learning approaches  , especially the Support Vector Machines. The sharp pixel proportion is the fraction of all pixels that are sharp. Replace performs pattern matching and substitution and is available in the SIR with 32 versions that contain seeded faults. However  , finding the central permutation σ that maximizes the likelihood is typically very difficult and in many cases is intractable 21. σ  , the partition function Zφ  , σ can be found exactly. This paper presents a novel technique for self-folding that utilizes shape memory polymers  , resistive circuits  , and structural design features to achieve these requirements and create two­ dimensional composites capable of self-folding into three­ dimensional devices. Our final data set consisted of 224k search sessions  , corresponding to 88k users. Overlapping data points occur frequently in 2-D plots and identifying each individual data point and its coordinates is a difficult task. Both NUS and NIfWP queries were divided into two subtypes  , structured and unstructured queries. Appropriate labels must be given for input boxes and placed above or to the left of the input boxes. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR refers to retrieval when the query and the database are in different languages. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 6. This led us to develop a dynamic substitution system  , whereby a generic regular expression was populated at runtime using the tagged contents of the sentence it was being applied to. Consequently  , the search procedure changes from a random search t o a well informed search  , where the existence of the solution is known a priori. For many of the past TREC experiments  , our system has been demonstrated to provide superior effectiveness  , and last year it was observed that PIRCS is one of few automatic systems that provides many unique relevant documents in the judgment pool VoHa98. For each node  , add the costs computed by the two dijkstra searches. Alternative solutions to this challenging problem were explored using a " Figure 1: Example of a PMR query and its relevant technote like " competition  , where several different research and development teams within IBM have explored various retrieval approaches including those that employ both state-of-theart and novel QA  , NLP  , deep-learning and learning-to-rank techniques. The set of common attributes is preconfigured as domain knowledge  , which is used in attribute matching as well. We obtained monolingual baselines for each language pair by retrieving documents with TD queries formulated from search topics that are expressed in the same language as the documents. Then  , two paralleled embedding layers are set up in the same embedding space  , one for the affirmative context and the other for the negated context  , followed by their loss functions. No instance information is captured in a view diagram besides that in the form of assertions. Our method presupposes a set of pictograms having a list of interpretation words and ratios for each pictogram. We assume that the answer patterns in our pattern matching approach express the desired semantic relationship between the question and the answer and thus a document that matches one of the patterns is likely to be supportive . It is clear that the most difficult phase of object recognition is making the pointwise mapping from model to scene. In general Q-learning methods  , exploration of learning space is promoted by selecting an action by a policy which selects actions stochastically according to the distribution of action utilities. For example  , for the query " bank of america online banking "   , {banking  , 0.001} are all valid segmentations  , where brackets   are used to indicate segment boundaries and the number at the end is the probability of that particular segmentation. During testing phase  , the texture fea­ ture extracted from the image will be classified by the support vector machine. Both problems are NP-hard in the multidimensional space. Given a document corpus  , a traditional search query would " simply " return all documents relevant to the search terms. We designed our method for databases and files where records are stored once and searched many times. There are two directions of information retrieval research that provide a theoretical foundation for our model: the now classic work on probabilistic models of relevance  , and the recent developments in language modeling techniques for IR. A dynamic programming based technique is presented to find the optimal subset of clusters. However  , except for very early work with small databases 22   , there has been little empirical evaluation of multilingual thesauri controlled vocabularies in the context of free-text based CLIR  , particularIy when compared to dictionary and corpus-based methods. The actual specification of a full-text search query for a particular product. However  , this approach is also problematic as a single URL in the test set  , which was unseen in the training set  , would yield an infinite entropy estimate. A good example of the use of geometry within this application is the mapping of two dimensional views of the roadway into a three dimensional representation which can be used for navigation. The actions of the rule consist in the closure method call and its own reactivation. However  , these two dimensions of flexibility also make automatic formulation of CNF queries computationally challenging  , and makes manual creation of CNF queries tedious. Each fragment matching a triple pattern fragment is divided into pages  , each page contains 100 triples. The conventional approach to query optimization is to examine each query in isolation and select the execution plan with the minimal cost based on some predcfincd cost flmction of I0 and CPU requirements to execute the query S&79. However  , practical difficulties arise in two aspects. Number of missing values by row can be counted and constructed as a new feature. However  , it can still be used in open-loop control and other closed-loop control strategies. Dynamic time warping is solved via dynamic programming 20. coordinated motion  , the equation in 3 would be used as the cost function for either optimal control or DTW. This finding was further reinforced in her follow-up study focusing on the differences between automatic query expansion and interactive query expansion 7. We employed the query translation approach to CLIR by translating the English queries and retrieve in monolingual Chinese. To do so  , the model leverages the existing classifier p0y|x  , and create the semantic embedding vector of x as a convex combination of semantic vectors of the most relevant training labels. Due to the low detection ratios  , Q-learning did not always converge to the correct basket. The standard way of deriving the semantics of a recursive function is to compute the least fixed point of its generating function. From that page it is possible to perform a full-text search  , a similarity search starting from one of the random selected images. We also show how to use the alignments to extend the classical CLIR problem to a scenario where mono-and cross-language result lists are merged. Automatic query expansion technique has been widely used in IR. Most steps just move the point of the simplex where the objective value is largest highest point to a lower point with the smaller objective value. Nevertheless  , configurations MAY and MAY × MUST overall reach significantly fewer bounds than PV for instance  , the max-stack bound is never reached by pruning verified parts of the search space. The first query delivers already the best possible results only. Note that the proposed search-result-based approach produced better translations than the anchor-text-based approach for the random Web queries. We are however not interested in abstract structures like regular expressions   , but rather in structures in terms of user-defined domains . The image search logs were collected in the first two weeks of Nov. 2012. for a minimal functional language with string concatenation and pattern matching over strings 23. For efficiency consideration  , we use greedy search rather than dynamic programming to find valid subsets. The effectiveness of our query feature expansion is compared with state-of-the-art word-based retrieval and expansion models. The second approach is to project document vectors from one language into another using cross-language information retrieval CLIR techniques. Title-only with Query Expansion run Run name: JuruTitQE . Our experimental results will show that the probabilistic model may achieve comparable performances to the best MT systems. function based on this metric to zero. The basic formulae are a straightforward generalization of Darwish's PSQ technique with one important difference: no translation direction is specified. With this approach  , the weights of the edges are directly multiplied into the gradients when the edges are sampled for model updating. Relational machine learning attempts to capture exactly these statistical dependencies between statements and in the following we will present an approach that is suitable to also integrate sensory information and a knowledge base. For each leaf node  , there is a unique assigned path from the root which is encoded using binary digits. We describe herein a Web based pattern mining and matching approach to question answering. The mapping is straight-forward  , but space precludes us from explaining it in detail. Our selected procedure to predict future retweet activity is summarized in resolution Δ pred   , we proceed as follows: First  , we identify the infectious rate of a tweet pt by fitting the proposed oscillatory model. The first optimization is to suggest associated popular query terms to the user corresponding to a search query. For a variable  , we can specify its type or a regular expression representing its value. While ATLAS performs sophisticated local query optimization   , it does not attempt to perform major changes in the overall execution plan  , which therefore remains under programmer's control. STON89 describes how the XPRS project plans on utilizing parallelism in a shared-memory database machine. After conducting all four searches  , participants completed an exit questionnaire. For QALD-4 dataset  , it was observed that 21 out of 24 queries with their variations were correctly fitted in NQS. Then the Hilbert value ranges delineated by successive pairs of end marker values in the sorted list have the prop erty that they are fully contained within one block at each level of each participating tree. C-Search can be positioned anywhere in the semantic continuum with syntactic search being its base case  , and semantic search being the optimal solution  , at the moment beyond the available technology. The TPI model makes more use of the specific assumption of the indexing model  , 80 that for any other indexing model a new retrieval model would have to be developed. We use scikit-learn 28 as the implementation of the Random Forest Classifier. The initial thresholds are set to a large multiple of the probability of selecting the query from a random document. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios   , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought 5. This ultimately makes the GA coiiverge more accurately to a value arbitrarily close to the optimal solution. Note how the term o~feoporosis has relatively more weight in the structured queries. An interesting goal of an intelligent IRS may be to retrieve information which can be deduced from the basic knowledoe given by the thesaurus. By using the Pascal-like programming language LAP :0 Logic f Actions for Programming  , we formal­ ize the controller specification. The problem of capturing functional landscapes over complex spaces is one of general interest. The remaining pd-graphs are obtained by subsequent folding of paths GSe5G5  , G53e4e3G2  , G4ezGz53  , and GlelG4253. This is done by interpreting the regular expression as an expression over an algebra of functions. Deep learning approaches generalize the distributional word matching problem to matching sentences and take it one step further by learning the optimal sentence representations for a given task. With {πi} N i=1 free to estimate  , we would indeed allocate higher weights on documents that predict the query well in our likelihood function; presumably  , these documents are also more likely to be relevant. 2006  , to the characteristics of peer-production systems and information sharing repositories Merkel et al. The idea is to model  , both the structure of the database and the query a pattern on structure  , as trees  , to find an embedding of the pattern into the database which respects the hierarchical relationships between nodes of the pattern. Serialization of an XML subtree using the XML_Serialize operator serves as an example. The abduction angle characterizes the angle of the finger in the palm's plane  , whereas the flexion angle corresponds to the folding of the finger in the plane perpendicular to the palm. Tree-Pattern Matching. Incorporate order in a declarative fashion to a query language using the ASSUMING clause built on SQL 92. The first step for the developer is to identify a few elements that could be related to the implementation of the folding feature. These solutions realize a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. 1a  , the autoencoder is trained with native form and its transliterated form together. The solution to this problem also has applications in " traditional " query optimization MA83 ,UL82. The first method called hyProximity  , is a structure-based similarity which explores different strategies based on the semantics inherent in an RDF graph  , while the second one  , Random Indexing  , applies a well-known statistical semantics from Information Retrieval to RDF  , in order to identify the relevant set of both direct and lateral topics. The Point of Diminishing Returns PDR values are explained in Section 5.2. doing initial retrieval using a dictionary translation  , and then improving this translation using the alignments  , as outlined above. In TREC-9  , Microsoft Research China MSRCN  , together with Prof. Jian-Yun Nie from University of Montreal  , participated for the first time in the English- Chinese Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR track. The construction of the configuration space  , the control space  , the mapping between them and the haptic forces makes it possible to author and edit animations by manipulating trajectories in the control space. This is the biggest challenge of rewriting XSLT into XQuery. Development of such query languages has prompted research on new query optimization methods  , e.g. To address the shortcomings of this conventional approach   , we described in this paper statistics on views in Microsoft SQL Server  , which provide the optimizer with statistical information on the result of scalar or relational expressions. With respect to E  , the log-likelihood function is a maximum when = due to the fact that is positive definite. However  , the relatively poor performance of the translation component of our test CLIR system was not a major concern to us  , as it remained a constant throughout our experiments. Configuration similarity simulated annealing CSSA  , based on 215  , performs random walks just like iterative improvement Figure 3Parameter tuning for GCSA but in addition to uphill  , it also accepts downhill moves with a certain probability  , trying to avoid local maxima. We discuss the various query plans in a bit more detail as the results are presented. Although it might be difficult to get people to change their ways of doing everyday work  , typically the teams trying out RaPiD7 for some time would not give up using it. After a user inputs " Kyoto " as the keyword for search  , Google returns the initial image search results. There are also successful examples of dynamic walking systems that do not use trajectory optimization. Caching is an important optimization in search engine architectures . The JUKF functioned as expected. In order to identify what function class we focus our consideration on  , we adopt the syntactic restrictions of the state-of-the-art work on structural recursion 3  , which define the common form of structurally recursive function. 3Table 4 : Example parameters for simulated annealing applied to the data point disambiguation prob- lem. The overflow is low and as a consequence of this  , exhaustive search is nearly as good as the exhaustive search of the sequential signatums. MaxEntInf Pseudolikelihood EM PL-EM MaxEntInf : This is our proposed semi-supervised relational EM method that uses pseudolikelihood combined with the MaxEntInf approach to correct for relational biases. Cengage Learning produces a number of medical reference encyclopedias. The belief update then proceeds as follows: This formulation of the observation function models the fact that a robot can detect a target with the highest likelihood when it is close to the target. Planning of motion has exploited the strength of simulated annealing 15  , distributed approaches 13 ,16-171  , closed-chain reconfiguration  181 and multi-layered solvers  10 ,12 ,19. In their approach  , only terms present in the summarized documents are considered for query expansion. In techniques based on program texts  , or information derived from program texts such aa flowgraphs  , the degree of folding will generally be determined by the class of model. The wide spread use of blogs as a way of conveying personal views and comments has offered an unique opportunity to understand the general public's sentiments and use this information to advance business intelligence. The time overhead of event instrumentation and pattern matching is approximately 300 times to the program execution. Traditional expectation-based parsers rely heavily on slot restrictions-rules about what semantic classes of words or concepts can fill particular slots in the case frames. A model of a retrieval situation with PDEL contains two separate parts  , one epistemic model that accomodates the deterministic information about the interactions and one pure probabilistic model. As we are investigating the impact richer search interfaces have  , a spectrum of search tasks covering different search task types and goals would ideally need to be used. To our best knowledge  , we are among the first to adopt visual saliency information in predicting search examination behavior. More details and limitations of this approach appear in the related work. We implemented the different methods for list materialization  , namely Random  , TopDown  , BottomUp  , and CostBased as discussed in Section 3.2.2. The Semantic space method we use in the context of the Blog-Track'09 is Random Indexing RI  , which is not a typical method in the family of Semantic space methods. Boolean assertions in programming languages and testing frameworks embody this notion. Our model integrates information produced by some standard fusion method  , which relies on retrieval scores ranks of documents in the lists  , with that induced from clusters that are created from similar documents across the lists. Definition 15 Basic Graph Pattern Matching. Next  , a top-down pass is made so that required order properties req are propagated downwards from the root of the tree. This can be calculated in JavaScript. Therefore  , in these experiments we tested the improved heuristic computation using euclidean distance. Section 4 deals with query evaluation and optimization. However  , the dynamic programming approach requires the samples to be sorted  , which in itself requires On logn operations. Expert users would employ element-specific navigation allowing them to jump back and forth among elements of certain HTML type: buttons  , headings  , edit fields  , etc. O having overlapping sources of inconsistencies means that K ∩ K = ∅. The probabilistic approach will be compared empirically with two popular CLIR techniques  , structural query translation and machine translation MT. Technical details of the probabilistic retrieval model can be found in the appendix of this paper. The regular expression code for matching each part of package names is: This method can also be used to identify classes sharing the same name but belonging to two different packages. We randomly selected 894 new Q&A pairs from the Naver collection and manually judged the quality of the answers in the same way. These quality measures were derived by observing the workflow of a domain expert using the example of but not limited to the field of chemistry. Because it is difficult to build a feature space directly  , instead kernel functions are used to implicitly define the feature space. We address this problem by discriminative training techniques which are widely used in the SMT community  , and use automatically constructed relevance judgments from linked data. Table 1 shows the results of different query expansion methods on two TREC training datasets. Figure 7shows the distribution of question deletion initiator moderator or author on Stack Overflow. The exact mapping of topics and posts to vectors depends on the vector space in which we are operating. We do not allow a sort to increase or decrease its work space arbitrarily but restrict the size to be within a specified range. We cannot derive a closed-form solution for the above optimization problem. The knowledge source used in English-Chinese-oriented CLIR system mainly includes dictionary knowledge and Chinese Synonym Dictionary. Regarding Cloud computing  , the use of Game Theory for the resource allocation problem is investigated in 30. This is approached by embedding both the image and the novel labels into a common semantic space such that their relevance can be estimated in terms of the distance between the corresponding vectors in the space. As a branch of applied mathematics  , game theory thus focuses on the formal consideration of strategic interactions  , such as the existence of equilibriums and economic applications 6. sequences of actions a user performs with the search engine e.g. Its configuration determines which ontology relationships are used for the generation of query expansion terms. We hasten to point out that our methods are not committed to a specific query expansion approach. These 690 requests were targeting 30 of our 541 monitored shells  , showing that not all homephoning shells will eventually be accessed by attackers. We integrated Mathematica8 into our system  , to perform pattern matching on the equations and identify occurrences within a predefined set of patterns. In this paper we propose a novel approach called Concept Search C-Search in short which extends syntactic search with semantics. Stacked models use the base model to impute the class labels on related instances   , which are then used by the second-level stacked model. The classifier was trained to be conservative in handling the Non-Relevant categorization. Formally  , it is a mapping from types of application resources to types of RBAC objects; the mapping is a relation  , since some application resources may represent more than one type of RBAC object. First  , we briefly introduce Word2Vec  , a set of models that are used to produce word embeddings  , and Doc2Vec  , a modification of Word2Vec to generate document embeddings  , in Section 4.1. As results shown  , Dyna-Q architecture accelerates the learning rate greatly and gets better Q-value rate because planning are made in the learned model. The answer passage retrieval component is fully unsupervised and relies on some scoring model to retrieve most relevant answer passages for a given question. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. Two sources of relevance annotations were used for different runs: the official annotations   , provided by the topic authorities; and annotations provided by a member of the Melbourne team with e-discovery experience though not legal training. In addition  , a variant of the LSTMonly model which adds the user static input as the input in the beginning of the model is also evaluated. According to the framework of Fisher Kernel  , text segments are modeled by a probability density function. Some caution is appropriate with regard to the scope of the conclusions because this was the first year with a CLIR task at the TREC conference  , and the size of the query set was rather small. 7 introduced "simulated annealing" principle to a multi-layered search for the global maximum. Our main research question is " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " Another issue for MQ is about threshold learning. Expecting to find a HTML button  , they may press " B " to jump only among buttons narrowing down their search space and reducing the amount of information they have to listen to. In addition  , the usual problems attached to concurrent executions  , like race conditions and deadlocks  , are raised. NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 CLIR tasks also provide English and Chinese documents  , which are used as the source and target language corpora  , respectively. The retrieval model we use to rank video shots is a generative model inspired by the language modelling approach to information retrieval 2  , 1  and a similar probabilistic approach to image re- trieval 5. The TREC topics are real queries  , selected by editors from a search engine log. However  , in OCR  , character : was often read as i or z. Luckily  , being a specialized domain with rigid conventions for writing   , e.g. ARRANGER works as follows: First  , the best ranking functions learned from the training set are stored and the rest are discarded. l We found a high difference in effectiveness in the use of our systems between two groups of users. However  , such random search techniques have produced some of the best results on practical planning problems. due to poor lighting conditions  , reflections or dust. Each experiment performed hill climbing on a randomly selected 90% of the division data. How can query expansion be appropriately performed for this task ? Instructions associated to a pattern that matches that node need to be re-evaluated. Performing this mapping also provides a means to model the relationship between question semantics and existing question-answer semantics which will be discussed further in Sect. It is especially useful in cases when it is possible to consider a large number of suggestions which include false positives -such as the case when the keyword suggestions are used for expert crawling. We treat this as a ranking problem and find the top-k followers who are most likely to retweet a given post. Daikon 4.6.4 is an invariant generator http://pag.csail.mit.edu/daikon/. Optimization of the internal query represen- tation. For fair comparison  , all the methods are conducted on the same convolved feature maps learned by a single-hidden-layer sparse autoencoder with a KL sparse constraint. Although hill-climbing had a slightly worse target article coverage than the other two 5% less  , it outperformed them in pair-wise similarity which means the facets selected have smaller overlap of navigational paths. 5 Model 2 interprets the information seeking situation in the usual way as follows: The documents in the collection have a wide variety of different properties; semantic properties of aboutness  , linguistic properties concerning words that occur in their titles or text  , contextual properties concerning who are their authors  , where they were published   , what they cited  , etc. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work on developing a formal model for location-based social search that considers check-in information as well as alternative recommendation. Thus  , learning to rank can also be regarded as a classification problem  , where the label space Y is very large. By folding constraints at join points and using memoization techniques for procedures  , we are able to successfully apply our approach to large software systems. There are two key considerations in applying a quadratic programming approach. It is a variation of bidirectional search and sequential forward search SFS that has dominant direction on forward search. These context-sensitive token translation probabilities can then be used in the same way as context-independent probabilities. It matches the exact source code fragment selected by the user and all the other source code fragments that are textually similar to the selection whitespace and comments are ignored by the pattern matcher. Using these interpretations  , it would be possible to relate this information measure to the conventional Shannon-Hartley entropy measure. By comparing the retrieved documents  , the user can easily evaluate the performance of different search engines. Thus  , we will use regular expressions to specify the history component of a guard. Next  , state values and best action choices are updated in a bottom-up manner  , starting from the newly expanded state. In our case online position estimates of the mapping car can be refined by offline optimization methods Thrun and Montemerlo  , 2005 to yield position accuracy below 0.15 m  , or with a similar accuracy onboard the car by localizing with a map constructed from the offline optimization. We segmented each page into individual words by embedding the Bing HTML parser into DryadLINQ and performing the parsing and word-breaking on our compute cluster. In principle  , the optimal K should provide the best trade-off between fitting bias and model complexity. According to extensive experiment results  , T is always significantly smaller than k. Besides  , dmax is usually much smaller than n  , e.g. Once we created the testing datasets  , we extract topics from the data using both PLSA and NetPLSA. We now present the form of the likelihood function appearing in Eqs. The goal of the track is to facilitate research on systems that are able to retrieve relevant documents regardless of the language a document happens to be written in. Let V denote the grouping attributes mentioned in the group by clause. For topic 59  , query expansion does not recognize one equivalence in the query statements  , the equivalence between " storm-related " and " weather-related. " The partial derivates of the scoring function  , with respect to λ and μ  , are computed as follows: Note that we rank according to the log query likelihood in order to simplify the mathematical derivations. It has also become clear that in order to arrive to an executable benchmark  , we needed to exclude significant parts of a semantic search system. For commercial reasons  , we have developed technology for English  , Japanese  , and Chinese CLIR. For the first encounter  , we search the best matching scans. 6 Similarly to the concerns raised in the context of external rewards and incentivisation 18  , gamification has been seen  , in some context  , to undermine intrinsic benefits by subjugating and trivialising contributions into simple game goals and achievements. Therefore query expansion could be applied to symbols as it was done for keywords. The parameter is determined using the following likelihood function: The center corresponds to the location where the word appears most frequently. Typically a learning-to-rank approach estimates one retrieval model across all training queries Q1  , ..  , Q k represented by feature vectors  , after which the test query Qt is ranked upon the retrieval model and the output is presented to the user. CONTEX is a deterministic machine-learning based grammar learner/parser that was originally built for MT Hermjakob  , 1997. All the triplets are generated by performing a single pass over the output sorted file. We obtain results comparable to the state of the art and do so in significantly less time. Other researchers used classifier systems 17  or genetic programming paradigm 3  to approach the path planning problem. This type of detection likelihood has the form of  , A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. In the hybrid SSH  , localization by hill-climbing is replaced by localization in an LPIM. Newly borrowed technical words and foreign proper names are often written in Japanese using a syllabic alphabet called katakana. By fitting a model to the generated time-series the AR coefficients were estimated. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark 17 BSBM also generates fulltext content and person names. As an enhanced version of the self-encrypting virus  , a polymorphic virus was designed to avoid any fixed pattern. 12 mobile search query logs. The final step mimics user evaluation of the results  , based on his/her knowledge. Since the temporal data from 'gentle interaction' trials were made of many blobs  , while temporal data from 'strong interaction' trials were mainly made of peaks  , we decided to focus on the Fourier spectrum also called frequency spectrum  which a would express these differences: for gentle interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for lower frequencies while for strong interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for higher frequencies. The signal detection operates on a power signal; a Fast Fourier Transform FFT is being done which trans­ forms the signal in time domain into frequency domain. This is generated during mapping; as the robot moves into unvisited areas  , it drops nodes at regular intervals  , and when it moves between existing nodes it connects them. For example  , web pages for search tasks like " purchase computers "   , " maintain hardware " and " download software " are all linked with the Lenovo homepage 2   , and hyperlinks are also built among these web pages for users to jump from one task to another conveniently. It has been shown that  , depending on the structure of the search space  , in some applications it may outperform techniques based on local search 7. At execution time  , the planner will have definite information about f 's value. For example  , in the control condition  , the camera oriented toward regions of space that had been salient in the experimental condition. The scores in Table 9show that our reduced feature set performs better than the baselines on both performance measures. In contrast  , Nelder and Mead's Downhill -Simplex method requires much stricter control over which policies are evaluated. In our initial cross-language experiments we therefore tested different values for the parameter r. Note that r is set once for a given run and does not vary from query to query. They utilized the users' search queries triggered by a page to learn a model for estimating the search intents. In computational biology  , it has been found that k-mers alone are not expressive enough to give optimal classification performance on genomic data. 2 The loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model 18   , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. The expected disc space consumption for a buffered hashing organization BHash for WORM optical d.iscs is analyzed in 191. Service Descriptions are represented in RDF. LM-UNI  , which was the best scoring MoIR model  , is now outscored by the other two models which rely on structured semantic representations. Although the effect from adding more expansion terms to a query term diminishes  , for the query terms that do need expansion  , the effects of the expansion terms are typically additive  , the more the expansion the better the performance. However  , we found that the 4-parameter gravity model: By fitting the model to observed flows  , we might mask the very signal we hope to uncover  , that is  , the error. The constraints associated with these exposures and the user-provided mapping are passed through a constraint specializer  , which re-casts the constraints in terms of the types in our pattern catalog. We now study how the choice of these parameter values affects the prediction accuracy. b With learning  , using the full trajectory likelihood function: large error in final position estimate. Since the first model estimates the probability of relevance for each passage independently  , the model is called the independent passage model. The model learns word embeddings for source and target language words which are aligned over the dim embedding dimensions and may be represented in the same shared inter-lingual embedding space. Even though precomputation can improve the efficiency of our system as we discussed earlier  , we expect MT-based CLIR would still be faster due to a sparser term-document matrix. Notice that the DREAM model utilize an iterative method in learning users' representation vectors. In this paper  , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. For regions where there are more two non-leaf nodes  , we resort back to dynamic programming . It converges reasonably close to the optimal solution although it is very slow many minutes. For example  , the integral and differential equations which map A-space to C-space in a flat 2D world are given below: During the transient portion the steering mechanism is moving to its commanded position at a constant rate. Support vector machine has been proven to be an efficient classifier in text mining 1 . The function of this stack is to support method assertions in recursive calls. The central problem of query expansion is how to select expansion terms. Taking everything into consideration   , we decided to offer self-learning search as-a-service  , a middleware layer sitting between the e-commerce site and the client's existing search infrastructure. Translation polysemy is a phenomenon   , in which the number of word senses increases when a source language word is translated to a target language by replacing it with all of its target language equivalents. Optimizers based on dynamic programming typically compute a single cost value for each subplan that is based on resource consumption. We then proposed different aspects for characterizing reference quality  , including context coherence  , selection clarity  , and reference relevance with respect to the selection and the context. This factor is determined by observations made by exteroceptive sensors in this case the camera  , and is a function of the similarity between expected measurements and observed measurements. com/p/plume-lib/  , downloaded on Feb. 3  , 2010. Repeated attempts to deflate expectations notwithstanding  , the steady arrival of new methods—game theory 13  , prediction markets 52  , 1   , and machine learn- ing 17—along with new sources of data—search logs 11  , social media 2  , 9  , MRI scans 7—inevitably restore hope that accurate predictions are just around the corner. Figure 4 shows the relative English-French CLIR effectiveness as compared to the monolingual French baseline. Our learning to rank method is based on a deep learning model for advanced text representations using distributional word embeddings . Second  , the system is extensible. We also experimented with several approaches to query and document expansion using UMLS. In contrast  , the search-dominant model captures the case when users' browsing patterns are completely influenced by search engines. It is therefore not useful to make an expansion for this query. However given the same set of web-based information  , the Human Interest Model consistently outperforms the soft-pattern model for all four entity types. However  , if interesting longer patterns should be looked for  , ICA and PLSA might be a suitable choice. As such  , it may be regarded as a crude form of k nearestneighbour imputation 12 which also requires a distance function on the data  , unlike our methods. The major difference between MT-based CLIR and our approach is that the former uses one translation per term and the latter uses multiple translations. Synonym expansion combines existing information in the query and several external databases to derive lists of words which are similar to the query term. To prevent over-fitting  , we add an l1 regularization term to each log likelihood function. These techniques have also been used to extend WordNet by Wikipedia individuals 21 . Other words in the question might be represented in the question by a synonym which will not be found by simple pattern matching. Finally  , we allow users to optionally specify some keywords that capture relevance and results which contain semantic matches are ranked highest. In summary  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. Then query optimization takes place in two steps. An important feature of this is that the tf·idf scores are calculated only on the terms within the index  , so that anchortext terms are kept separate from terms in the document itself. We also tried several other  , more complex models  , without achieving significantly better model fitting. We have already mentioned bug pattern matchers 10  , 13  , 27: tools that statically analyze programs to detect specific bugs by pattern matching the program structure to wellknown error patterns. They search for a good sequence of tree edit operations using complex and computationally expensive Tree Kernel-based heuristic. In recent years  , alongside the enhancement of ASR technologies with deep learning 17  , various studies suggested advanced methods for voice search ASR and reported further performance enhancements. In particularly  , by allowing random collisions and applying hash mapping to the latent factors i.e. Though real-time dynamic programming converges to an optimal solution quickly  , several modifications are proposed to further speed-up the convergence. We performed one Chinese monolingual retrieval run and three English-Chinese cross-language retrieval runs. The content layer is at the bottom  , since the similarity calculated based on low-level features does not have any well-defined mapping with object relevance perceived at semantic level. In the right-hand side expression of an assignment  , every identifier must either be a relation variable and have been previously assigned a relation  , or it must be a string variable and have been previously assigned a string  , or it must be an attribute that is quantified or occurs free. In addition  , we present a new tensor model that not only incorporates the domain knowledge but also well estimates the missing data and avoids noises to properly handle multi-source data. — The TOMS automatically constructs a recognize function by using a pattemmatcher driven by a user's regular expression13. Only the basic pattern matching has been changed slightly. It is worth noting that although we have only used S- PLSA for the purpose of prediction in this work  , it is indeed a model general enough to be applied to other scenarios. Finally  , we obtained the following model for λ: We started with all possibly relevant variables: After fitting to the data we found that the number of children had little influence. As the responses of each game partner were randomized unknowingly to the participants  , the attribution of intention or will to an opponent i.e. In this context  , it is important to have schema level dependencies between attributes as well as distribution information over missing values. Within the context of the sentence distance matrix  , text segmentation amounts to partition the matrix into K blocks of sub-matrix along the diagonal. Therefore  , we extend the regular expressions developed by Bacchelli et al 4  , 5 to the following regular expression code take the class named " Control " for the example: DragSource- Listener " . Specifically  , Let X be a |W | × C matrix such that x w ,c is the number of times term w appears in messages generated by node c. Towards understanding how unevenly each term is distributed among nodes  , let G be a vector of |W | weights where g w is equal to 1 plus term w's Shannon information entropy 1. Nonetheless  , the scope of the Model involves one more fitting activity that  , in the outlying areas of interest of this universe  , complicates a fitting challenge per se. Our motivation for using AIC instead of the raw log-likelihood is evident from the different extrema that each function gives over the domain of candidate models. Such scenarios are not uncommon in real life  , exemplified by social search  , medical search  , legal search  , market research  , and literature review. An analogous approach has been used in the past to evaluate similarity search  , but relying on only the hierarchical ODP structure as a proxy for semantic similarity 7  , 16. Query expansion improves performance for all query lengths. We start by developing a formal probabilistic model for the utilization of key concepts for information retrieval. Another advantage of the proposed method is that it can automatically extract the popular sense of the polysemous queries. In order to maintain a heading close to the centre of the chemical plume the robot employs a hill-climbing strategy in which the robot turns to take sensor readings to the left and right of its current heading. However  , if gobal optimation is paid too much attention  , GA maybe drop in random search. Language modeling approaches apply query expansion to incorporate information from Lafferty and Zhai 7 have demonstrated the probability equivalence of the language model to the probabilistic retrieval model under some very strong assumptions  , which may or may not hold in practice. The search results appeared either below the search box  , or in a different tab depending on user's normal search preferences  , in the original search engine result format. Given the training data  , we maximize the regularized log-likelihood function of the training data with respect to the model  , and then obtain the parameterˆλparameterˆ parameterˆλ. This ranking based objective has shown to be better for recommendation systems 9. The step in the L2 misses-curve depicts the effect of caching on repeated sequential access: Tables that fit into the cache have to be loaded only once during the top-level iteration of quicksort . We have shown an efficient and robust method for recomputing 3-d Minkowski sums of convex polyhedra under rotation. It first understands the NL query by extracting phrases and labeling them as resource  , relation  , type or variable to produce a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG. For our sequence of models  , the cross-validated correlation and overall correlation are about the same  , giving us some assurance that the models are not over-fitting. We now highlight some of the semantic query optimizationSQO strategies used by our run time optimizer. Entity annotation systems  , datasets and configurations like experiment type  , matching or measure are implemented as controller interfaces easily pluggable to the core controller. ActiveRDF is light-weight and implemented in around 600 lines of code. Therefore  , the text query and the retrieved image are mapped to a common k-dimensional latent aspect space  , and then their similarity is measured by a dot product of the two vectors in the kdimensional space  , which is commonly used to measure the matching between textual vectors 1. Definition 18. Similarly  , we define the probability of observing the document dm given the sentences present in it as follows. Next  , we present the details of the proposed model GPU-DMM. We thus use simulated annealing 10  , a global optimization method. The twenty-tree indicators are : 2 indicators of instant energy  , 3 obtained by fast Fourier transform FFT  , 16 from the computation of mean power frequency MPF and  , others resulting from the energy spectrum of each component derived from the wavelet decomposition of the normalized EMG. After another 500 random planning queries  , the empty area that was originally occupied by the obstacle is quickly and evenly filled with new nodes  , as shown in Figure 8d. Based on a word-statistical retrieval system  , 11 used definitions and different types of thesaurus relationships for query expansion and a deteriorated performance was reported. The goal was to apply SBMPC to the hill climbing problem in a computationally efficient manner. The purpose of the calibrating database is to use it to calibrate the coefficients in the cost formulae for any given relational DBMS. The spotting recognition method 7  based on continuous dynamic programming carries out both segmentation and recognition simultaneously using the position data. Participants had to rank the 157 search engines for each test topic without access to the corresponding search results. We expect that as more approximate predicates become available  , normalized costs will drop. We note that other researchers have termed such queries 'set queries' Gavish and Segev 19861. This fixed mapping gives more flexibility to the k-mer feature space  , but only increases the size of the feature space by a constant factor of 2. In addition  , recursive functions may also be analyzed multiple times. However  , diaeerent research communities have associated diaeerent partially incompatiblee interpretations with the values returned from such score functions   , such astThe fuzzy set interpretation ë2  , 8ë  , the spatial interpretation originally used in text databases  , the metric interpetation ë9ë  , or the probabilistic interpretation underlying advanced information retrieval systems ë10ë. Calculating the average per-word held-out likelihood   , predictive perplexity measures how the model fits with new documents; lower predictive perplexity means better fit. This is a critical requirement in handling domain knowledge  , which has flexible forms. Excessive document expansion impairs performance as well. For example  , the approach presented in 8 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. These seem to be rare in JavaScript programs—we have not encountered any in the applications in §7—and therefore serve as a diagnostic to the developer. 3 describes query expansion with parameterized concept weights. The optimization method we use is a modification of the well-known evolution strategy 15  , 161  , augmented with an extrapolation operation in addition to the standard mutation operator. The files are populated with 100 ,000 keys and the clients retrieve 1000 random keys in each experiment  , start@ each time with an empty image of the file. The representation for data objects and their relationships with each other is a relational data base with a pattern-matching access mechanism. In this section  , we will discuss an accuracy metric and a learning method that are probably more relevant to the grasping task than previous work. For the purposes of synthesizing a compliance mapping   , it is assumed that the robotic manipulator and the gripper holding the object can move freely in space without colliding with the environment. The sp2b uses bibliographic data from dblp 12 as its test data set  , while the bsbm benchmark considers eCommerce as its subject area. Results show that in most test sets  , LDM outperforms significantly the state-of-the-art LM approaches and the classical probabilistic retrieval model. Bulk loading of a B+-tree first sorts the data and then builds the index in a bottom-up fashion. The method is optimal but its time complexity is exponential  , and thus not suitable for practical use. CLIR systems need to be robust enough to tackle textual variations or errors both at the query end and at the document end. Obviously there is a lot of overhead in carrying around intermediate XML fragments. The adjusted R-square  , on the other hand  , penalises R-square for the addition of regressors  , which do not contribute to the explanatory power of the model. Summing over query sessions  , the resulting approximate log-likelihood function is The exact derivation is similar to 15 and is omitted. Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space. use dynamic time warping with a cost function based on the log-likelihood of the sequence in question. The main contributions of this paper are: 1 To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work on modeling user intents as intent hierarchies and using the intent hierarchies for evaluating search result diversity. It tries to do better than Parent by overiapping the computation of different cuboids and using partially matching sort orders. In addition  , they offer more flexibility for modeling practical scenarios where the data is very sparse. According to one model Collection-centric  , each collection is represented as a term distribution  , which is estimated from all sampled documents. Attk is a regular expression represented as a DFA. It is organized as follows: Section 2 presents the question classification problem; Section 3 compares several machine learning approaches to question classification with conventional surface text features; Section 4 describes a special kernel function called tree kernel to enable the Support Vector Machines to take advantage of the syntactic structures of questions; Section 5 is the related work; and Section 6 concludes the paper. Practically  , as the latent model is estimated from the observations  , it effectively fuses the sources of information. Consequently searches need to be based on similarity or analogy – and not on exact pattern-matching. In other words  , it would never be computationally possible to apply a semantic relevance check to millions of components. In this paper we describe the 3D Tractus-based robotic interface  , with its current use for controlling a group of robots composed of independent AIBO robot dogs and virtual software entities. 19  , it says regular expression matching is a large portion of the Reflexion Model's performance. The concept of building robots which are capable of changing their structure according to the needs of the prescribed task and the conditions of the environment has been inspired from the idea of forming topologically different objects with a single and massively interconnected system. This implies that the mapping of a data element in the coordinate space of a dictionary does not allow reconstruction. Corpus-based approaches are also popular. This was not so clear about our application in the relevance part of semantic data – in the form of the lexicon of referential equivalents. To illustrate the effect of this query  , it is worthwhile to jump ahead a bit and show the results on our implemented prototype. For this experiment we used our own implementation of self-organbdng maps as moat thoroughly described in 30. 1for an example spectrogram. Notice that a regular expression has an equivalent automaton. The data generator is able to generate datasets with different sizes containing entities normally involved in the domain e.g. Possible patterns of references are enumerated manually and combined into a finite automaton. Only part 1 of the questionnaire was utilized  , which is composed of six semantic differentials mental demand  , physical demand  , temporal demand  , performance  , effort and frustration  , all rated between 0 and 100. This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . Typically  , not all features of feature model My are of interest for the composition with feature model Mx . Due to its penalty for free parameters  , AIC is optimized at a lower k than the loglikelihood ; though more complex models may yield higher likelihood  , AIC offers a better basis for model averaging 3. This highlights the need to find a better similarity measure based on the semantic similarity rather than just textual overlap. Our experimental results show that the proposed method can significantly improve the search quality in comparison with the baseline methods. The Discrete Cosine Transform DCT is a real valued version of Fast Fourier Transform FFT and transforms time domain signals into coefficients of frequency component. Weston et al 30 propose a joint word-image embedding model to find annotations for images. preliminary merge step. More specifically  , RALEX implements a discriminative rank mass distribution characterised by a dynamic link following strategy that is sensitive to both topical relevance and information freshness a measure we devised based on age and topical longevity of papers. For convenience  , we work with logarithms: The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. Figure 7shows the trajectory taken by the wheelchair green when the user attempts to follow a leader blue. We target a situation where partial relevance assessments are available on the initial ranking  , for example in the top 10. Answer extraction methods applied are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . It typically starts by translating the function body as if the inner call does nothing. Each keyword search has a unique search ID. Inoculation has also been studied in the game theory literature. We conduct a series of extrinsic experiments using the two soft pattern models on TREC definitional QA task test data. This in contrast with the probabilistic model of information retrieval . Another approach to this problem is to use dynamic query optimization 4 where the original query plan is split into separately optimized chunks e.g. It is applicable to a variety of static and dynamic cost functions   , such as distance and motion time. Topics sustainable tourism and interpolation 1411 and 4882 do not benefit from semantic matching due to a semantic gap: interpolation is associated with the polynomial kind while the relevance assessments focus on stochastic methods. LAt extracts titles from web pages and applies a carefully crafted set of regular expression patterns to these titles. It seems that current document expansion approach is still far from a perfect solution to tweet document modeling. Our tests in TREC8 showed that using Web documents to train a probabilistic model is a reasonable approach. In such a way  , knowledge of RR contained in the skill could be extended to the arbitrary path that belongs to the learning domain. In the following  , we introduce our dynamic programming approach for discretization. Using these measures  , PRF appears beneficial in most CLIR experiments  , as using PRF seems to consistently produce higher average precision than baseline systems. In the above definition  , it is equivalent to compute the traditional skyline  , having transformed all points in the new data space where point q is the origin and the absolute distances to q are used as mapping functions. Our patterns are flexible -note that the example and matched sentences have somewhat different trees. The first three of them are automatic query translation run  , using our word segmentation approach for indexing  , while the monolingual run we submit uses n-gram based segmentation. Results of query " graph pattern " with terms-based matching and different rankings: 1 Semantic richness  , 2 Recency. Imitation of hand trajectories of a skilled agent could be done through a mapping of the proprioceptive and external data. For example   , a classical content-based recommendation engine takes the text from the descriptions of all the items that user has browsed or bought and learns a model usually a binary target function: "recommend or "not recommend". Both directions of the transformation should be considered in query optimization. Using the training blog entries  , we train an S-PLSA model. By replacing T containing crease information cut or hinge to T containing desired angle information  , Alg. A simple breadth-first search is quite effective in discovering the topic evolution graphs for a seed topic Figure 4and Figure 5a. The TREC Q/A track is designed to take a step closer to information retrieval rather than document retrieval. A more effective method of handling natural question queries was developed recently by Lu et al. Second  , user-defined external ontologies can be integrated with the system and used in concept recognition. Defining the I-space and a continuous mapping from I-space onto W-space. These potential problems are highlighted to the engineer using visual annotations on the EUC model elements. Our primary contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first study that both proposes a theoretical framework for eliminating selection bias in personal search and provides an extensive empirical evaluation using large-scale live experiments. This equivalent is added to the output meta-model instance. Results for the strategies just described on the TREC-6 CLIR collection are presented in the following: Figure 2shows a comparison of using alignments alone  , using a dictionary pseudo-translation and then using both methods combined  , i.e. Results showed that larger lexicon sources  , phrase translation  , and disambiguation techniques improve CLIR performance significantly and consistently on TREC-9 corpus. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 15  , hence selecting educational resources that address these concepts is a critical task in supporting learners. Results and performances of different models and combinations are described in The proposed two-stages model using comparable corpora '4' showed a better improvement in average precision compared to '3'  , the simple model one stage and approached the performance of the dictionary-based model '2' with 79.02%. Recently  , though  , it has been proved that considering sequences of terms that form query concepts is beneficial for retrieval 6. According to the best of our knowledge  , this is the first paper that describes an end-to-end system for answering fact lookup queries in search engines. We randomly generated 100 different query mix of the " explore " use-case of BSBM. Future test rigs may allow forward motion  , or may flow water past a stationary system to simulate forward movement of the water runner. Our position is that the declarations needed for regular expression types are too complex  , with little added practical value in terms of typing. Our approach utilizes categorized pictogram interpretations together with the semantic relevance measure to retrieve and rank relevant pictograms for a given interpretation . It also takes into account the beliefs associated to these propositions; the higher their beliefs  , the higher the relevance. The richness of the SemRank relevance model stems from the fact that it uses a blend of semantic and information theoretic techniques along with heuristics to determine the rank of In this way  , a user can easily vary their search mode from a Conventional search mode to a Discovery search mode based on their need. So uncertainty can be represented as a sphere in a six dimensional space. Two teams from the University of Massachusetts 9 and the University of Maryland 2 tried variants of this approach for Text Retrieval Conference's CLIR track in 2002. For example   , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closedloop structured finger such as the finger with five-bar mechanism described in 8  , the backward mapping is unique. In this section we present experimental results for search with explicit and implicit annotations. If a sample graph vertex label matches the pattern but is not correctly mapped to the model graph vertex then the fitness of the projection is reduced. As the baseline we use the state of the art adWords keyword recommender from Google that finds similar topics based on their distribution in textual corpora and the corpora of search queries. We also consider its stochastic counterpart SGBDT  , by fitting trees considering a random subset of training data thus reducing the variance of the final model. Query expansion  , such as synonym expansion  , had shown promising results in medical literature search. Garlic's optimizer employs dynamic programming in order to find the best plan with reasonable effort S+79. Each finger but the thumb is assumed to be a planar manipulator. Our experiments show that query-log alone is often inadequate  , combining query-logs  , web tables and transitivity in a principled global optimization achieves the best performance. Hence  , it helped improve precision-oriented effectiveness. Given a text query  , retrieval can be done with these probabilistic annotations in a language model based approach using query-likelihood ranking. Next  , we examine whether Google Search personalizes results based on the search results that a user has clicked on. This is an encouraging result that shows the approach based on a probabilistic model may perform very well. Reproducing random search is not exactly possible because often only the distribution over the hyperparameters is made public and not which hyperparameter configurations are finally chosen. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. SPARQL  , a W3C recommendation  , is a pattern-matching query language. It also summarizes related work on query optimization particularly focusing on the join ordering problem. Once we have added appropriate indexes and statistics to our graph-based data model  , optimizing the navigational path expressions that form the basis of our query language does resemble the optimization problem for path expressions in object-oriented database systems  , and even to some extent the join optimization problem in relational systems. Consider the case in which a recursive member function accesses the same data as a new attribute. The motion strategy can be represented as a function mapping the information space onto the control space. Therefore  , we could study i the intermediate or transition states on the pathway  , and the order in which they are ob­ tained  , or Cii the formation order of secondary structures. In all our experiments  , the term frequency normalisation parameters are optimised using Simulated Annealing 15. In this paper a squared exponential covariance function is optimised using conjugate gradient descent. one of our long-term research goals to find a general model which transforms raw image data directly into " ac-tion values " . On the contrary a negative search model will produce a subset of answers. Since the short-term user history is often quite sparse  , models like LSTM that has many training parameters cannot learn enough evidence from the sparse inputs. Based on the results of this study our future research will involve the identification of language pairs for which fuzzy translation is effective  , the improvement of the rules for example  , utilising rule co-occurrence information  , testing the effects of tuning a confidence factor by a specific language pair  , selecting the best TRT and fuzzy matching combination  , and testing how to apply fuzzy translation in actual CLIR research. We are currently studying methods by which we can improve the RS programming language. We are still left with the task of finding short coherent chains to serve as vertices of G. These chains can be generated by a general best-first search strategy. Dynamic programming is a method for optimization which determines the optimal path through a grid. This crucial benefit of graphs recently led to an emerging interest in graph based data mining 7. Note: schema:birthDate and schema:deathDate are derived from the same subfield using the supplied regular expression. For information retrieval  , query prefetching typically assumes a probabilistic model  , e.g. 3 exploit lexical knowledge  , query expansion uses taxonomies e.g. They are complementary to our study as they target an environment where a cost-based optimization module is available. As such  , any mapping from histories to histories that can be specified by an event expression can be executed by a finite automaton. To this end  , we specify a distribution over Q: PQq can indicate  , for example  , the probability that a specific query q is issued to the information retrieval system which can be approximated. In this region  , increasing M leads to fewer sorted runs at the end of the split phase  , and hence lower disk seek costs when the runs are merged; this accounts for the slight reductions in response time at the right-hand side of Figure 5. Comparing to the distributions computed with PLSA  , we see that with Net- PLSA  , we can get much smoother distributions. Note that a function T with the threshold property does not necessarily provide an ordering of pages based on their likelihood of being good. In the first paper  , it was put forward that Q-learning could be used at any level of the control hierarchy. Ganguly et al 14 employed similarity between word embedding vectors within a translation model for LMIR as means to overcome the lexical gap between queries and documents   , where it outperformed a language model extended with latent topics. where α is the weight that specifies a trade-off between focusing on minimization of the log-likelihood of document sequence and of the log-likelihood of word sequences we set α = 1 in the experiments  , b is the length of the training context for document sequences  , and c is the length of the training context for word sequences. For this  , a parallel corpus of lower quality still can provide reasonably good query translations. Meta query optimization. In this section  , we describe how the gene lexical variants section 2.2 and the domain knowledge section 2.3 are utilized for query expansion and how the query expansion is implemented in the IR model described in section 2.4. Lemma 2 shows this crease pattern is correct. Although their impact on CLIR performance is small  , spelling normalization and stemming are still useful because they reduce the need for memory because there are fewer entries in the lexicon and they improve the retrieval speed by simplifying the score computation. A limitation of the case studies is that all the applications and components used were software developed by ABB Inc. involving .lib library files. It yielded semantically accurate results and well-localized segmentation maps. This involves redefining how labels are matched in the evaluation of an expression . For this baseline  , we first use the set of entities associated with a given question for linking of candidate properties exactly the same way as we perform grounding of cross-lingual SRL graph clusters Sect. QEWeb: Query expansion using the web was applied as discussed in pervious section. From the likelihood function corresponding to a particular observed inspection result one can compute estimates for the number of defects contained in the document in a standard way. For example  , the candidate patterns for URL1 are http : Step 2: To determine whether a segment should be generalized  , we accumulate all candidate patterns over the URL database. In the case of model-based learning the planner can compensate for modeling error by building robust plans and by taking into account previous task outcomes in adjusting the plan independently of model updates Atkeson and Schaal  , 1997. These feature vectors are further used for training a Self-Organizing Map. Modeling has nothing to do with instructing a computer  , it simply denotes the static and dynamic properties of the future program  , and it allows the engineers to reason about them. The isolation of the search strategies from the search space makes the solution compatible with that of Valduriez891 and thus applicable to more general database programming languages which can be deductive or object-oriented Lanzelotte901. In contrast   , the structural function inlining optimizes recursive functions to avoid useless evaluation over irrelevant fragments of data. Since the maximum value is 3 the interval estimate has -yg-  , a high confidence level. In our model  , both single terms and compound dependencies are mathematically modeled as projectors in a vector space  , i.e. Our optimization strategies are provably good in some scenarios  , and serve as good heuristics for other scenarios where the optimization problem is NP-hard. A sequential file is a sequence of records that may vary in length up to one page and that may be inserted and deleted at arbitrary locations within a file  , Optionally  , each file may have one or more associated indices that map key values to the record identifiers of the records in the file that contain a matching value. The latter approach was chosen in this paper because it avoids representing the high-dimensional feature space. Intuitively this means that some classification information is lost after C  , is eliminated. In CLIR  , given the expense of translation  , a user is likely to be interested in the top few retrieved documents. The successive samples evolve from a large population with many redundant data points to a small population with few redundant data points. Basically  , Support Vector Machine aim at searching for a hyperplane that separates the positive data points and the negative data points with maximum margin. The Starburst optimizer also has a greedy join enumerator that can generate left-deep  , right-deep and bushy execution trees. Although such hard patterns are widely used in information extraction 10  , we feel that definition sentences display more variation and syntactic flexibility that may not be captured by hard patterns. Second  , we have looked at only one measure of predictive performance in our empirical and theoretical work  , and the choice of evaluation criterion is necessarily linked to what we might mean by predictability. Ultimately  , these grounded clusters of relation expressions are evaluated in the task of property linking on multi-lingual questions of the QALD-4 dataset. Autonomous robots may exhibit similar characteristics. For example  , if we expect a document containing the word north to have a higher-thanaverage probability of being relevant to a WHERE question  , we might augment the WHERE question with the word north. It was able to orient our test images with modest accuracy  , but its performance was insufficient to break the captcha. Interesting orders are those that are useful for later operations e.g. These query groups arc listed in Figure" tcnthoustup " relations  , all ol' the nested loops metllods lost to the sort-merge methods cvcn though the SOI-TV merge methods must sort these large relations. When a user starts a search task  , the search engine receives the input queries and return search results by HTTP request. That is  , the cross-modal semantically related data objects should have similar hash codes after mapping. If the model fitting has increased significantly  , then the predictor is kept. Clearly  , this constraint reduces the size of our search space. The extent to which the information in the old memory cell is discarded is controlled by ft  , while it controls the extent to which new information is stored in the current memory cell  , and ot is the output based on the memory cell ct. LSTM is explicitly designed for learning long-term dependencies   , and therefore we choose LSTM after the convolution layer to learn dependencies in the sequence of extracted features . The buffers of the external sort can be taken away once it has been suspcndcd. In information retrieval  , many statistical methods 3 8 9 have been proposed for effectively finding the relationship between terms in the space of user queries and those in the space of documents. While some projects have attempted to derive the semantic relevance of discrete search results  , at least sufficiently to be able to group them into derived categories after the fact 27  , the unstructured nature of the Web makes exploring relationships among pages  , or the information components within pages  , difficult to determine. Other search strategies can be specified as well. Useful information  , including name  , homepage  , rate and comment  , should be separated from web pages by regular expression. Machine learning methods would allow combining the two data sources for more accurate profiles than those obtained from each source alone. have answered search requests based on keyword queries for a long time. For the random forest approach  , we used a single attribute  , 2 attributes and log 2 n + 1 attributes which will be abbreviated as Random Forests-lg in the following. Logical expressions are mapped by an optimizer search engine to a space of physical expressions. To facilitate pattern matching   , all verbs are replaced by their infinitives and all nouns by their singular forms. This is done without any overhead in the procedure of counting conditional databases. The operation model offers guidelines for representing behavioral aspects of a method or an operation in terms of pre-and post-conditions. The simulated annealing method has been used in many applications; TSP  , circuit design  , assembly design as well as manufacturing problems  , for example  , for lot size and inventory control Salomon  , et. Based on the axioms and corollaries above  , given a news web page  , we can first detect all its TLBIOs  , merge them to derive possible news areas  , and then verify each TLBIO based on their position  , format  , and semantic relevance to the news areas to detect all the news TLBIOs. However  , the difference is that navigation operators must now be implemented over the specialized structures used to represent Web graphs  , rather than as hash joins or sort-merge joins over relational tables. The tracks consist of 33 and 47 topics  , respectively  , which are provided both in extended Title+Description+Narrative and synthetic Title+Description forms. Our main research focus this year was on the use of phrases or multi-word units in query expansion. All 24 out of 24 QALD-4 queries  , with all there syntactic variations  , were correctly fitted in NQS  , giving a high sensitivity to structural variation. Our second software design Section 5.2 addresses this problem by mapping the Rio file cache into the database address space. While search evaluation is an essential part of the development and maintenance of search engines and other information retrieval IR systems  , current approaches for search evaluation face a variety of practical challenges. The traversal of the suffix link to the sibling sub-tree and the subsequent search of the destination node's children require random accesses to memory over a large address space. Duplication is useful in the case when the record is to be used as context for another operation which consumes the top bit. Second  , they take a one-vs-all approach and learn a discriminative classifier a support vector machine or a regularized least-squares classifier for each term in the First  , they use a set of web-documents associated with an artist whereas we use multiple song-specific annotations for each song in our corpus. We plan to use 50 new topics in the same languages and to ask participating teams to also rerun the 25 topics from this year with their improved systems as a way of further enriching the existing pools of documents that have been judged for relevance. Slurp|bingbot|Googlebot. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema. On the other hand  , the pattern in Figure 2a will not capture all resale activities due to the limitation of using the single account matching. Traditional twig pattern matching techniques suffer from problems dealing with contents  , such as difficulty in data content management and inefficiency in performing content search. On the contrary  , the " shortest path " also called " geodesic " or " Dijkstra "  distance between nodes of a graph does not necesarily decrease when connections between nodes are added  , and thus does not capture the fact that strongly connected nodes are closer than weakly connected nodes. The pages that can be extracted at least one object are regarded as object pages. By throwing away all terms except the following: The correct induction can be chosen. In this paper we presented a robust probabilistic model for query by melody. Learning the combination weight w can be conducted by maximizing the log-likelihood function using the iterative reweighted least squares method. Since our resources are less than ideal  , should we compensate by implementing pre-and post-expansion ? In this paper we introduce one way of tackling this problem. IICHI optimal. The tracking of features will be described in Section 3.1. Then the two robots exchange roles in order to explore a chain of free-space areas which forms a stripe; a series of stripes are connected together to form a trapezoid. Moreover  , the selective query expansion mechanism increases the early precision performance of the system. Further  , we limit ourselves to the " Central " evaluation setting that is  , only central documents are accepted as relevant and use F1 as our evaluation measure. Third  , template parameters  , as opposed to XQuery function parameters   , may be optional. The only exception is the combination of the click logs and the Web ngrams. Every session began with a query to Google  , Yahoo! Practically  , the document space is randomly sampled such that a finite number of samples   , which are called training data R ⊆ R  , are employed to build the model. The experts were not involved in the development of any of the two tools and were not aware of which tool produces which verbalization. The task of question classification could be automatically accomplished using machine learning methods 91011. Two kinds of matching methods are oftcn uscd: Feature matching method and pattern matching method 8. This type of optimization does not require a strong DataGuide and was in fact suggested by NUWC97. Components with only one motif were left out  , as they do not include information about the relationships of the motifs . More specifically  , the problem is considered solved if high-quality training resources parallel text  , online dictionaries  , multi-lingual thesauri  , etc. In standard SPARQL query forms  , such as SE- LECT and CONSTRUCT  , allow to specify how resulting variable bindings or RDF graphs  , respectively  , are formed based on the solutions from graph pattern matching 15 . Mimic uses random search inspired by machine learning techniques . We hope  , however  , that this will encourage these people to participate in the future  , thus increasing the size of the pool. Based on the above consideration  , we apply example-based query phrase translation in our Chinese-English CLIR system  , and the experiments achieve good results. The pictograms listed here are the relevant pictogram set of the given word; 3 QUERY MATCH RATIO > 0.5 lists all pictograms having the query as interpretation word with ratio greater than 0.5; 4 SR WITHOUT CATEGORY uses not-categorized interpretations to calculate the semantic relevance value; 5 SR WITH CATEGORY & NOT- WEIGHTED uses categorized interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram; 6 SR WITH CATEGORY & WEIGHTED uses categorized and weighted interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. SGD requires gradients  , which can be effectively calculated as follows: Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. Also  , folding can be simulated by calculating the parabolic motion of each joint. This helps us encode certain type of trails as a regular expression over an alphabet. character also deenes a sentence boundary unless the word token appears on a list of 206 common abbreviations or satisses the following awk regular expression: ^A-Za-zzz. A-Za-zzz.+||A-ZZ.||A-Zbcdfghj-np-tvxzz++.$$ The tokenizing routine is applied to each of the top ranked documents to divide it into "sentences". Suppose the user is willing to invest some extra time for each query  , how much effort is needed to improve the initial query in expansion effort  , how many query terms need to be expanded  , and how many expansion terms per query term are needed ? Using query expansion is a popular method used in information retrieval. Overlapping features: Overlapping features of adjacent terms are extracted. two common in-memory sorting methods that are used for the split phase. We use a search query log of approximately 15 million distinct queries from Microsoft Live Search. γ allows us to balance these two requirements and combine both implicit and explicit representations of query subtopics in a unified and principled manner. Variable reduction is illustrated in example 3. Moreover  , most parallel or distributed query optimization techniques are limited to a heuristic exploration of the search space whereas we provide provably optimal plans for our problem setting. We also compared our method with genetic programming based repair techniques. query optimization has the goal to find the 'best' query execution plan among all possible plans and uses a cost model to compare different plans. Indeed  , the impressive CLIR performance was typically observed in the following settings: 1 test documents were general-domain news stories i.e. We propose several effective and scalable dimensionality reduction techniques that reduce the dimension to a reasonable size without the loss of much information. Immediately below the text search box  , is a search history pull down menu  , which gives a list of the text queries previously executed by the user. As such they had to construct a strong notion of the form and content of a relevant image  , which one might call their semantic relevance. Therefore  , our model disguises a user's true search intents through plausible cover queries such that search engines cannot easily recognize them. The first task provides a set of expertdefined natural language questions of information needs also known as TS topics for retrieving sets of documents from a predefined collection that can best answer those questions. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: in the next Section we introduce the related work  , before going on to describe the unique features of web image search user interfaces in Section 3. In order to create broadly useful systems that are computationally tractable  , it is common in information retrieval generally  , and in CLIR in particular  , to treat terms independently . Doing much of the query optimization in the query language translator also helps in keeping the LSL interpreter as simple as possible. The Bernoulli parameter pr ,u in our model  , however  , is specific to a rank r and a user u  , thus leaving more flexibility for setting different hypothesized values for simulation or fitting empirical parameters from log data. The evaluation is given every 1 second. There are several ways to cross the language barriers in CLIR systems. This behavior is quite similar to stochastic gradient descent method and is empirically acceptable. There exists rich research on search in social media community   , such as friend suggestion user search  , image tagging tag search and personalized image search image search. This subset size corresponds to a scenario where the pages are evenly distributed over a 16-node search engine   , which is the typical setup in our lab. Bitonic sort makes use of successive bitonic merges to fully sort a given list of items. They made use of only individual terms for query expansion whereas we utilize keyphrases for query expansion. In pLSA  , it is assumed that document-term pairs are generated independently and that term and document identity are conditionally independent given the concept. The outputs of our computational methodology are two  , inter-related  , user typologies: 1 a course-grained view of the user population segmented into use diffusion adopter categories and 2 a fine-grained view of the same population segmented along the same two dimensions but using more detailed measures for variety and frequency. GGGP is an extension of genetic programming. Using the best individual from the first run as the basis for a second evolutionary run we evolved a trot gait that moves at 900cm/min. using a dynamic programming approach. The second issue  , the optimization of virtual graph patterns inside an IMPRECISE clause  , can be addressed with similarity indexes to cache repeated similarity computations—an issue which we have not addressed so far. The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. The main problems observed are: 1 the dictionary may have a poor coverage; and 2 it is difficult to select the correct translation of a word among all the translations provided by the dictionary. In the second stage  , the robot makes use of the learned Q values to effectively leam the behaviour coordination mechanism. Our expansion procedure worked by first submitting the topic title to answer.com  , and then using the result page for query expansion. Each search result can be a new query for chain search to provide related content. The parameters of Q-learning and the exploration scheme are the same than in the previous experiments. Finally  , it produces and returns the resulting regular expression based on case 4 line 17. Thus the Hough transform provides a one-to-one mapping of lines in the original space to points in the transform space. While the empirical data can be readily fitted to many known parsimonious models such as power laws  , log-normal  , or exponential  , there is no guarantee that the fitted model can be used to predict the tail of the distribution or how the distribution changes with the observation window . Thus  , by saving the 3D edge identifiers in dlata points of a CP pattern  , correspondence between the model edges and the image edges can be obtained after matching. Rather  , our goal is to use Q/A data as a means of learning a 'useful' relevance function  , and as such our experiments mainly focus on state-of-the-art relevance ranking techniques. The first workshops  , when trying to find out the right approach for a specific document type  , are the most difficult ones. Application of the SPC was demonstrated for a planar robotic assembly task by 5. Application designers can exploit the programmability of the tuple spaces in different ways. By using joints which can only fold in one direction  , theoretically  , feet would slap and stroke in a flat formation  , fold during retraction  , and avoid accidentally collapsing the cavity. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first work to apply federated IR techniques in the context of entity search. This approach provides a clean  , powerful method for working with a program specification to either derive a program structure which correctly implements the specification  , or just as important to identify portions of the specification which are incomplete or inconsistent. D is the maximum vertical deviation as computed by the KS test. The significance of the new context-based approach lies in the greatly improved relevance of search results. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. For suitable choices of these it might be feasible to efficiently obtain a solution. Therefore  , we used a distributed search framework in order to simulate a single search index. The problem can be solved by existing numerical optimization methods such as alternating minimization and stochastic gradient descent. In the end  , 30 identifiers 9.6% reached the ultimate goal and were identified as a semantic concept on Wikidata. Two areas for further investigation are: the use of probabilistic dependencies as constrainta  , and the way in which they interact; and the concept of the degree to This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. To improve the generalization ability of our model  , we introduce a second type of features referred to as regular expression regex features: However  , this can cause overfitting if the training data is sparse. As with other methods  , to the best of our knowledge no quantitative tests for bias have been performed. For this setting  , the chart in Figure 9b depicts the average times to execute the BSBM query mix; furthermore  , the chart puts the measures in relation to the times obtained for our engine with a trust value cache in the previous experiment. In spite of its reasonably acceptable performance  , it has an important drawback as a relevant page on the topic might be hardly reachable when this page is not pointed by pages relevant to the topic. Real Presenter does provide an integrated table of contents for each presentation so viewers can jump ahead to a particular slide but it doesn't provide keyword or text searches across multiple presentations. The above likelihood function can then be maximized with respect to its parameters. The ultimate goal of this work is the development of 3D machines that can cross rugged  , natural andl manmade terrains. Summary. Therefore  , it can be computed off-line and used as a look-up table  , forming the following pseudo-code: The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. second optimization in conjunction with uces the plan search space by using cost-based heuristics. This paper presents an approach to retrieval for Question Answering that directly supports indexing and retrieval on the kind of linguistic and semantic constraints that a QA system needs to determine relevance of a retrieved document to a particular natural language input question. We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. Type-1 terms are non-type-0 terms added to the query during query expansion. The overall approach can be decomposed into three stages: In the unsupervised learning stage  , we use pLSA to derive domain-specific cepts and to create semantic document representations over these concepts. The search results are saved in a cluster map from document ids to sets of cluster names using the search terms as cluster names. We have explored a CLIR method for MEDLINE using only the multilingual Metathesaurus for query translation . A perfect success rate of 100% was achieved on the 50 end-to-end trials of previously untested towels. Results of a systematic and large-scale evaluation on our YouTube dataset show promising results  , and demonstrate the viability of our approach. In simulated annealing  , the current state may be replaced by a successor with a lower quality. Moreover note that in low Z values the cube is sparse  , which generates many TTs decreasing the size of CURE and BU-BST. This indicates that the coverage of the dictionary is still an important problem to be solved to improve the performance of CLIR. where q 0 is the original query and α is an interpolation parameter. The candidate graph G c is a directed graph containing important associations of variables where the redundancy of associations should be minimized. This phase follows a hill climbing strategy   , that is  , in each iteration  , a new partition is computed from the previous one by performing a set of modifications movements of vertices between communities. The Random Projection Rtree addresses the problem by projecting all ellipsoids onto a fixed set of k randomly selected lines. We are continuing to study alternatives to this basic XPath expression  , such as using regular expressions  , allowing query expansion using synonyms  , and weighting the importance of terms. The rate at which the correspondences are tightened is controlled by a simulated annealing schedule. We use a JAVA MCMC program to obtain samples from the joint posterior distribution described in Equation 1. Next  , we consider each search engine to be a random capture of the document population at a certain time. Thk paper describes how these issues can be addressed in a retrieval system based on the inference net  , a probabilistic model of information retrieval. The size of the regular expression generated from the vulnerability signature automaton can be exponential in the number of states of the automaton 10. One possible way by which structuring disambiguates CLIR queries is that it enforces " conjunctive " relationships between search keys. MRD-based approaches demonstrated to be effective for addressing the CLIR problem ; however  , when CLIR systems are applied to specific domains  , they suffer of the " Out-Of-Vocabulary " OOV issue 7. We incorporate a user-driven query expansion function. This property opens the way to randomized search e.g. In the following chapters we will introduce various evolution strategies to maintain the structural  , logical and user-defined consistency of an ontology. We have proposed a probabilistic model for combining the outputs of an arbitrary number of query retrieval systems. Putting these together   , the ADT-method approach is unable to apply optimization techniques that could result in overall performance improvements of approximately two orders of magnitude! The final merge phase of the join can proceed only when the slower of these two operations is completed. In order to straighten the optimization  , the proposed A' search strategy is enhanced by the subsequently described ballooning com- ponent. In this section  , we illustrate our string analyzer by examples. Since our focus is on diagnosis  , not query expansion  , one of the most important confounding factors is the quality of the expansion terms  , which we leave out of the evaluation by using a fixed set of high quality expansion terms from manual CNF queries to simulate an expert user doing manual expansion. This paper has explored the integration of traditional database pattern matching operators and numeric scientific operators. In MyDNS  , a low aux value increases the likelihood of the corresponding server to be placed high in the list. The worst case is the query with Boolean structure with the narrower concepts expansion BOOL/En. However  , in both cases  , the best DAMM was statistically indistinguishable from the best IMM. Our official submission  , however  , was based on the reduced document model in which text between certain tags was indexed. This task is similar to cross-language information retrieval CLIR  , and so we will refer to it as cross-temporal retrieval CTIR. The advantage of this approach is that new notation for writing recursive queries is unnecessary; C programmers can write recursive queries the same way they write recursive functions. Multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies   , however  , are an underrepresented class of CLIR resources. engines and are very short  , nonnegligible surfing may still be occurring without support from search engines. A gold standard that  , for each query  , provides the list of the relevant documents used to evaluate the results provided by the CLIR system. Or better still  , to discover both frequent and surprising components  , use all of the methods. Disambiguation strategies are typically employed to reduce translation errors. We can estimate a grouping's search accuracy through simulation using training data. The searching contains -a subject oriented browsing -a search for authors  , titles and other relevant bibliographic information -a subject oriented search in different information resources. Then  , the intensity p 0 was estimated from the retweet sequence of interest by using the fitting procedure developed in section 3.3. Overall  , the two newly proposed models  , as well as the query expansion mechanism on fields are shown to be effective. The fourth column lists the feature on which the regular expression or gazetteer as the case may be is evaluated. Then an XPath with a regular expression that tests if all text snippets with this particular structure are marked up as dates is a suitable means to test whether or not the step that marks up dates has been executed. 3 9 queries with monolingual average precision higher than CLIR. The idea of having bilingual contexts for each pivot word in each pseudo-bilingual document will steer the final model towards constructing a shared inter-lingual embedding space. Note that our model is different from the copying models introduced by Simon 17  in that the choice of items in our model is determined by a combination of frequency and recency. the arm is in constant contact with the obstacle . Patterns are sorted by question types and stored in pattern files. Term frequency was developed by their domain experts in order to establish the relevance of different MetaMap semantic types and articles that displayed high frequency of relevant terms were ranked higher among articles that had lower frequencies. If there is a significant influence effect then we expect the attribute values in t + 1 will depend on the link structure in t. On the other hand  , if there is a significant homophily effect then we expect the link structure in t + 1 will depend on the attributes in t. If either influence or homophily effects are present in the data  , the data will exhibit relational autocorrelation at any given time step t. Relational autocorrelation refers to a statistical dependency between values of the same variable on related objects—it involves a set of related instance pairs  , a variable X defined on the nodes in the pairs  , and it corresponds to the correlation between the values of X on pairs of related instances. Next  , we improve on it by employing a probabilistic generative model for documents  , queries and query terms  , and obtain our best results using a variant of the model that incorporates a simple randomwalk modification. For a keyword-based search  , at search time  , a contexts of interest are selected  , and only papers in the selected contexts are involved in the search  , and b search results are ranked separately within contexts. sen by an expert panel as search queries; 2 collecting the random sample without specified search terms and extracting appropriate data 2; 3 collecting from specific users that are known to be contributing to the debate 3. The results of the pattern-matching are also linguistically normalized  , i.e. In this paper  , the use of Q-learning as a role-switching mechanism in a foraging task is studied. Therefore  , we can control the closed-chain system with the same control structure in Equation This immediately provides an important result; the dynamically consistent null space mapping matrix for the closed-chain system is the same as the one for the open-chain system   , N in Equation 9. In opposition to traditional methods aiming at fitting and sometimes forcing the content of the resources into a prefabricated model  , grounded theory aims at having the underlying model emerge " naturally " from the systematic collection  , rephrasing  , reorganisation and interpretations of the actual sentences and terms of the resources . Since majority of the queries were short  , a query expansion module had to be designed. We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 2 to set up the experiment environment. This allows for real-time reward learning in many situations  , as is shown in Section IV . Search Design. For example  , the rewriting rule In some patterns  , the answer type is represented by one of the match constituents in the regular expression instead of one of the standard types  , e.g. Figure 4shows the distribution of trajectory times according to two adjoining distances and the best result of Q-learning. Search that was launched in July 2009 and precisely addresses this issue. He was most recently Founder and CEO of Powerset  , a semantic search startup Microsoft acquired in 2008. is currently Partner  , Search Strategist for Bing  , Microsoft's new search engine. In this paper  , we use correlation based pattern' matching to realize the recognition of the oosperm and micro tube in real time. In order to effectively analyze characteristics of different roles and make use of both of user roles to improve the performance of question recommendation  , we propose a Dual Role Model DRM based on PLSA to model the user in CQA precisely. So experienced users' interactive query expansion performance is simulated by the following method: Searches are therefore carried out using every combination of the cut-offs 0 ,3  , 6  , 10  , and 20  , over 4 query expansion iterations. Moreover  , we show that each regular XPATH expression can be rewritten to a sequence of equivalent SQL queries with the LFP operator. We used strongly typed genetic programming The specific primitives added for each problem are discussed with setup of the the initial population  , results of crossover and mutation  , and subtrees created during mutation respectively . The state space consists of the initial state and the states that can be transited by generated actions. Since the main goal of the presented work consists of exploring the impact of domain-specific semantic resources on the effectiveness of CLIR systems  , in our investigations we will focus on the strategies for matching textual inputs to ontological concepts applied to both the query and the documents in the target collection rather than on the translation of the textual query. 22 presented an alignment method to identify one-to-one Chinese and English title pairs based on dynamic programming. Xu and Weischedel 19 estimated an upper bound on CLIR performance. For example  , given the fundamentally different from these efforts is the importance given to word distributions: while the previous approaches aim to create joint models for words and visual features some even aim to provide a translation between the two modalities 7  , database centric probabilistic retrieval aims for the much simpler goal of estimating the visual feature distributions associated with each word. Model performance is demonstrated by emprical data. In any modern functional language a similar definition of quicksort can be given by the use of let-expressions with patterns. They divide the abstract in two parts: the first  , static part showing statements related to the main topic of the document  , and weighted by the importance of the predicate of the triple  , while the second  , dynamic part shows statements ranked by their relevance to the query.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. This helps to prune documents with low number of query and/or expansion terms. If no pre-existing example image is available  , random images from the collection may be presented to the user  , or a sketch interface may be used. Moreover  , a fixed point for each motion primitive By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. Characteristics of projective transformation is also utilized to perform correspondences between two coordinate systems and to extract points. Since the size-change principle does not consider the tests of if-statements  , it must consider infinite state sequences that cannot occur  , including the sequence that alternates between the two recursive calls. Pattern matching checks the attributes of events or variables. Traditional Aesthetic Predictor: What if existing aesthetic frameworks were general enough to assess crowdsourced beauty ? We now augment the sort merge outerjoin with compression shown in Figure 1 . Consider a dimension incomplete data object X obs . S-PLSA can be considered as the following generative model. The natural complement  , still under the user-centric view  , are unfamiliar places. The score function to be maximized involves two parts: i the log-likelihood term for the inliers  The problem is thus an optimization problem. The method applies a " hill-climbing " strategy that makes use of a 3-D playing area measuring   , as visualised in the illustrations discussed above. These modifications are very simple but are not presented here due to space limitations. Our comparable results for the direct run indicated performance 81% below monolingual. Then 0 is determined from the mean value function. An approach that requires substantial manual knowledge engineering such as creating/editing an ontology  , compiling/revising a lexicon  , or crafting regular expression patterns/grammar rules is obviously limited in its accessibility  , especially if such work has to be repeated for every collection of descriptions. Leading data structures utilized for this purpose are suffix trees 11 and suffix arrays 2. Once we have computed the distance for each field of the record pair  , we use a support vector machine to determine the overall goodness of the match. 's simulated annealing solver. The coefficients co and cl are estimated through the maximization of a likelihood function L  , built in the usual fashion   , i.e. This reduces the number of input runs for subsequent merge steps  , thereby making them less vulnerable to memory fluctuations. These sizes are then used to determine the CPU  , IO and communication requirements of relational operations such as joins. The basic idea of the triple jump framework is to perform two iterations of bound or overrelaxed bound optimization to obtain γ  , and compute the next search point with a large η. We define translation  , expansion  , and replacement features. the usual queries that a developer would enter in a search engine. ln the experiments reported in this paper we have also incremented document scores by some factor but the differences between our experiment and Croft's work are the methods used for identifying dependencies from queries  , and the fact that syntactic information from document texts sentence a.nd phrase boundaries is used in our work. The structure of such a tree should ideally be determined with reference to some cost function which takes into account such parameters as the likelihood of a given error occurring  , the time taken to test for its presence and the time and financial cost in recovery. When the robot is initially started  , it signals the MissionLab console that it is active and loads the parameters for random hazards. In the Chevy Tahoe example above  , the classifier would establish that the page is about cars/automotive and only those ads will be considered. Our approach performs gradient descent using each sample as a starting point  , then computes the goodness of the result using the obvious likelihood function. Second  , it constructs a complete representation of the paths at the place  , and hence of the dstates and possible turn actions.  The distinguishability of keyword: A resource having semantic paths to distinguishable keywords is more relevant than a resource having semantic paths to undistinguishable keywords. The example x is then labelled with the class y  , the newly labelled example x  , y is temporarily inserted into the training set  , and then its class and class probability distribution Q are newly predicted. In the Generation stage  , the question is analyzed and possible answer patterns are generated. For instance  , the maximum step size should not exceed the minimum obstacle dimension so that the moving object would not jump through an obstacle from one configuration to the next. At first blush  , the problem seems deceptively easy: why not just replace usernames with random identifiers ? Although our experimental setting is a binary classification  , the desired capability from learning the function f b  , k by a GBtree is to compute the likelihood of funding  , which allows us to rank the most appropriate backer for a particular project. The tangential space mapping where V s 7 is tlie gradient function for 7. and Veep is tlie tangential space mapping of the kinematic function' . However  , our approach is unique in several senses. Once a voting pattern is obtained for each multilingual document  , we attempt to group documents such that in each group  , documents share similar voting patterns. The difficulty is that in a complex image context  , the target boundary is usually a global energy minimum under certain constraints for instance  , constraints of target object interior characteristics instead of the actual global energy minimum contour. These weights should reflect the effectiveness of the lists with respect to q. q  , l  , where α l is a non-negative weight assigned to list l. The prediction over retrieved lists task that we focus on here is learning the α l weights. Canfora and Cerulo 2 searched for source files through change request descriptions in open source code projects. Further more  , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data.  Introduction of Learning Method: "a-Learning" Althongh therc are several possible lcarning mcthods that could be used in this system  , we employed the Q-learning method 6. However  , accurately estimating these probabilities is difficult for generative probabilistic language modeling techniques. The main difficulties for CLIR are the disambiguation of the query term in the source and target language and the identification of the query language. Each modifier could be represented by a set of head terms that it modifies: Similar to Unstructured PLSA  , we define k unigram language models of head terms: Θ = {θ 1   , θ 2   , ..  , θ k } as k theme models. var is a set of special alternative words  , which are usually shared by various patterns and also assigned in question pattern matching. If the search session failed to be classified as either re-finding or exploratory search  , it was classified as single search session. Because the number of model parameters to be learned grows in accordance with K  , the acquired functions might not perform well when sorting unseen objects due to over-fitting. Lee  , Nam and Lyou  l l  and Mohri  , Yamamoto and Marushima  171 find an optimized coordination curve using dynamic programming. A partial function I : S C mapping states to their information content is called an interpretation. An early approach applied dynamic programming to do early recognition of human gestures 16 . The painting mot ,ion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions following this folding of surfaces 2  , 81. rate  , receive-rate  , reply-rate  , replied-rate yield the best performance with AUC > 0.78 for female to sample male  , and AUC > 0.8 for male to sample female to male under the Random Forest model among all graph-based features. Our results suggest that FMT can perform substantially better than DTL methods and is generally robust to a lack of linguistic structure in queries. The central issue of statistical machine translation is to construct a probabilistic model between the spaces of two languages 4. Second  , the notions of pattern matching and implicit context item at each point of the evaluation of a stylesheet do not exist in XQuery. Similar to existing work 18   , the document-topic relevance function P d|t for topic level diversification is implemented as the query-likelihood score for d with respect to t each topic t is treated as a query. Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input  , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. is said the cumulative intensity function and is equivalent to the mean value function of an NHPP  , which means the expected cumulative number of software faults detected by time t. In the classical software reliability modeling  , the main research issue was to determine the intensity function λt; θ  , or equivalently the mean value function Λt; θ so as to fit the software-fault count data. Their methods automatically estimate the scaling parameter s  , by selecting the fit that minimizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS D − statistic. As the problem of translation selection in CLIR is similar to this expansion task  , we can expect a similar effect with the decaying factor. The marginal likelihood is obtained by integrating out hence the term marginal  the utility function values fi  , which is given by: This means optimizing the marginal likelihood of the model with respect to the latent features and covariance hyperparameters. If the database contains data structures other than Btrees   , those structures can be treated similar to B-tree root nodes. A recent work 30 also propose to incorporate content salience into predicting user attention on SERPs. We evaluated the ranking using both the S-precision and WSprecision measures. The problems all shared a common set of primitives. The last section summarizes this work and outlines directions for future work. However  , our study shows that fractal dimensions have promising properties and we believe that these dimensions are important as such. In addition  , applications that use these services do not have the ability to pick and choose optional features  , though new optimization techniques may remove unused code from the application after the fact 35. for sequencing have their usual meaning. The schema designer can override the default database transformations by explicitly associating user-defined conversion functions to the class just after its change in the schema. For example  , query select project.#.publication selects all of the publications reachable from the project node via zero or more edges. Since RAP is known to be NP-hard4  , we take a dynamic programming approach that yields near optimal solutions. However  , the fixed policy is better than the trajectories found by table-based Q- learning. But differing from planning previous like k-certainty exploration learning system or Dyna-Q architecture which utilizes the learned model to adjust the policy or derive an optimal policy to the goal  , the objective of this planning is using the learned model to aid the agent to search the rules not executed till current time and realize fully exploring the environment. In DAFFODIL the evaluation function is given by degree centrality measuring the number of co-authorships of a given actor  , i.e. However  , their pattern languages are limited by a small number of pattern variables for matching linguistic structures. We found that query expansion helped the performance of the baseline increase greatly. Space does not permit entire rules templates are shown or the inclusion of the entire mapping rule set  , but this is not needed to show how the homomorphism constrains the rules. The methods used to represent these games are well known. We expect that learning word embeddings on a larger corpora such that the percentage of the words present in the word embedding matrix W W W should help to improve the accuracy of our system. Quasistatic simulation results are illustrated by employing a three-fingered hand manipulating a sphere to verify the validity of the proposed low-level planning strategy. The multiattribute knapsack problem has been extensively studied in the literature e.g. Table 1shows the most important explicit query concepts i.e. To convert a random forest into a DNF  , we first convert the space of predicates into a discrete space. However  , the lack of this optimization step as of now does not impact the soundness of the approach. Note  , however  , that the problem studied here is not equivalent to that of query containment. The sort continuous in this manner until the list of items is fully sorted in ascending order after the lg m th phase. More specifically  , each learning iteration has the following structure: Let us elaborate on some of the steps. The approach taken in this paper suggests a framework for understanding user behavior in terms of demographic features determined through unsupervised modeling. Thus  , LSH can be employed to group highly similar blocks in buckets  , so that it suffices it compare blocks contained in the same bucket. Quantitative results in terms of segment magnification obtained in the second view  , fitting errors  , and surfaces types are summarized in Table I. We see that the optimization leads to significantly decreased costs for the uniform model  , compared to the previous tables. 3 The best performance is achieved by Structured PLSA + Local Prediction at average precision of 0.5925 and average recall of 0.6379. For a particular scene vertex the fitting test would then be triggered a number of times equal to the number of model LFSs  , in the worst case. Recursive data base queries expressed in datalog function-free Horn clause programs are most conveniently evaluated using the bottom-up or forward chaining evaluation method see  , e.g. The only difference was that it had far fewer relevant documents than the rest  , making it more likely to amplify random differences in user search strategies. To this end  , we generate and then try to apply two types of patterns  , expressed in terms of a regular expression: one is aimed at describing author names the element regular expression  , or EREG  , and the other aimed at describing groups of delimiters between names the glue characters regular expression or GREG. In summary  , the ARSA model mainly comprises two components . The paper then concludes with some notes on limitations of the new techniques and opportunities for future work on this problem. In this paper  , we present an approach facing the third scenario. LESS's merge passes of its external-sort phase are the same as for standard external sort  , except for the last merge pass. The problem here is determining how good the imputation model is for a candidate point  , when the true global values for this point are not known. A specific form of the ho­ mography is derived and decomposed to interpolate a unique path. Two methods are also given for detecting the data flow anomalies without directly computing the regular expression for the paths. Their results further showed the importance of choosing an appropriate k value when using such a technique. The first 1 ,000 iterations of MCMC chains were discarded as an initial burn-in period. Koza applied GP Genetic Programming to automatic acquisition of subsum tion architecture to perform wall-following behavior  ?2. We could use a tool such as grep to search for this.idIndex  , but such an approach is very crude and may match statements unrelated to the crash. One principled solution to this problem is Pirkola's structured query method 6. In contrast to MBIS the schema is not fixed and does not need to be specified  , but is determined by the underlying data sources. Section 3 then introduces our meaning matching model and explains how some previously known CLIR techniques can be viewed as restricted implementations of meaning matching . Christensen et al. In order to use the self-organizing map to cluster text documents  , the various texts have to be represented as the histogram of its words. If additional speed is required from the graph search it may be possible to use a best first approach or time limit the search. For the purposes of this example we assume that there is a need to test code changes in the optimization rules framework. As a result  , learning on the task-level is simpler and faster than learning on the component system level. Relevance: On the one hand all of our data is exposed through different formats  , which limits not only their integration and semantic interpretation but also any kind of basic inference across data sources. We discretize each parameter in 5 settings in the range 0  , 1 and choose the best-performer configuration according to a grid search. We distributed GOV2 across four leaf search engines and used an aggregate engine to combine search results. Algebraic axioms are particularly apt for describing the relationships between operations and for indicating how these operations are meant to be used. We presented a deep learning methodology for human part segmentation that uses refinements based on a stack of upconvolutional layers. Figure 5 shows the choices of sort-merge versus partitioning   , the possible sorting/partitioning attributes  , and the possible buffer allocation strategies. Automatic query expansion does not increase recall  , but significantly increases precision. The Hilbert curve is a continuous fractal which maps each region of the space to an integer. The sample query is following: Thus  , synonyms are also included in this expansion. Bound the marginal distributions in latent space In the previous section  , we have discussed how the marginal distribution difference can be bounded in the space W . For performance reasons  , the iterative medoid-searching phase is performed on a sample using a greedy hill-climbing technique. The robustness of the approach is also studied empirically in this paper. In contrast  , the methods in 9  first generate a finite automaton for each element name which in a second step is rewritten into a concise regular expression. Figure 2 only shows the most often influential attributes; i.e. Moreover  , our own results have demonstrated that outcome matrices degrade gracefully with increased error 18. We also allow for approximate answers to queries using approximate regular expression matching. Another 216 words returned the same results for the three semantic relevance approaches. In Section 4  , the time-suboptimal task sequence planning and time-efficient trajectory planning for two arms with free final configurations and unspecified terminal travelling time are integrated. The effect of expansion on the top retrieved documents depends on ho~v good the expansion is. Then  , a regular expression is used to extract all abbreviations from the articles. The main contribution of this paper is twofold: we combine previously known game theory strategies into ontology reasoning and present a measure to systematically evaluate the inconsistencies in ontologies. The language of non-recursive first-order logic formulas has a direct mapping to SQL and relational algebra  , which can be used as well for the purposes of our discussion  , e.g. spelling corrections  , related searches  , etc. The authors showed that in general case finding all simple paths matching a given regular expression is NP-Complete  , whereas in special cases it can be tractable. We introduce an experimental platform based on the data set and topics from the Semantic Search Challenge 9  , 4 . Many works on key term identification apply either fixed or regular expression POS tag patterns to improve their effectiveness . This indicates that the OTM model  , which combines the statistical foundation of PLSA and the orthogonalized constraint  , improves topic representation of documents to a certain degree. In the digital age  , the value of images depends on how easily they can be located  , searched for relevance  , and retrieved. Given a human-issued message as the query  , our proposed system will return the corresponding responses based on a deep learning-to-respond schema. Mapping motion data is a common problem in applying motion capture data to a real robot or to a virtual character . These properties may be written in a number of different specification formalisms  , such as temporal logics  , graphical finite-state machines  , or regular expression notations  , depending on the finite-state verification system that is being employed. We weight query terms at a ratio of 25:1 relative to the expansion terms. They analyze the text of the code for patterns which the programmer wants to find. The results of fitting the heteroscedastic model in the data can be viewed below  , > summarylme2 Apart from the random and fixed effects section  , there is a Variance function section. The pro­ posed method for graph folding is one of the solutions allowed by the general concept of state safety testing. Since the design and folding steps are automated  , these steps were finished in less than 7 minutes Tab. We found that for the BSBM dataset/queries the average execution time stays approximately the same  , while the geometric mean slightly increases. Each subtask consists of a frequent itemset and a combine set  , and the associated search space is traversed in depth-first order using a back-tracking search. The simplex attempts to walk downhill by replacing the 3741 vertex associated with the highest error by a better point. Apart from Bharat and Broder  , several other studies used queries to search engines to collect random samples from their indices. The input specification is given as a regular expression and describes the set of possible inputs to the PHP program. We employ a random forest classifier as the discriminative model and use its natural ability to cluster similar data points at the leaf nodes for the retrieval task. Indeed  , our investigation can be regarded as the analogue for updates of fundamental invest ,igat.ions on query equivalence and optimization. dynamic programming  , greedy  , simulated annealing  , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 22. The only way that Q-learning can find out information about its environment is to take actions and observe their effects . This behavior first searches a small area around the last known position of object by generating a random small motion in CS. We explicitly declare the pattern type i.e. Our classification approach combines a genetic programming GP framework  , which is used to define suitable reference similarity functions   , with the Optimum-Path Forest OPF classifier  , a graph-based approach that uses GP-based edge weights to assign input references to the correct authors. The CLIR experiments on TREC collections show that the decaying co-occurrence method performs better than the basic cooccurrence method  , and the triple translation model brings additional improvements. Only our proposed Random- Forest model manages to learn the discriminating features of long queries as well as those of short ones  , and successfully differentiates between CQA queries and other queries even at queries of length 9 and above. the state-of-the-art QALD 3 benchmark.  We propose two optimizations based on semantic information like object and property  , which can further enhance the query performance. In formal program verification one usually avoids explicitly constructing representations of program states. In Section 2  , we describe the various components of CLIR systems  , existing approaches to the OOV problem  , and explain the ideas behind the extensions we have developed. Furthermore  , we evaluate the reliability of our models  , since AUC can be too optimistic if the model is overfit to the dataset. This paper will demonstrate that these advantages translate directly into improved retrieval performance for the routing problem. The model builds a simple statistical language model for each document in the collection. Each random access includes at most m times of binary search on the sorted lists that have been loaded in memory and the cost of random access is moderate. For application in a CLIR system  , pairs from classes 1 through 4 are likely to help for extracting good terms. This report is organized as follows. Ours is also the first to provide an in-depth study of selecting new web pages for recommendations. Another thread of research has focused on translating multiword expressions in order to deal with ambiguity 2  , 28. After submissions began  , the echo Step Five  , multimodal search began  , including predictive coding features  , with iterated training. When ranking a query-document pair q  , d  , NCM LSTM QD uses behavior information from historical query sessions generated by the query q and whose SERPs contain the document d. NCM LSTM QD+Q also uses behavioral information from all historical query sessions generated by the query q  , which helps  , e.g. Given a query q  , our goal is to maximise the diversity of the retrieved documents with respect to the aspects underlying this query. show that even a single user adopts different interaction modes that include goal oriented search  , general purpose browsing and random browsing 8.  Inspired by the advantages of continuous space word representations  , we introduce a novel method to aggregate and compress the variable-size word embedding sets to binary hash codes through Fisher kernel and hashing methods. The system achieved roughly 90% of monolingual performance in retrieving Chinese documents and 85% in retrieving Spanish documents. After explicit feature mapping 18  , the cosine similarity is used as the relevance score. We also use the following recursive function to construct the unit type for a variable x based on its C type τ when no appropriate annotations for x are provided: The unit environment is constructed during constraint generation. Besides the standard topical query expansion Topic QE  , we also give results of the weighted topical query expansion W. Topic QE. Within these triangles  , users were asked to compare the three systems by plotting a point closest to the best performing system  , and furthest from the worst. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 To accomplish creation of inventory on future patterns   , a trigger as implemented in DBAL is defined . Page views included query submission  , search result clicks  , navigation beyond the search results page originating from clicks on links in a search result  , and clicks on other search engine features e.g. Since a reasonably good signal to noise ratio was attained in our experimental setups  , we only utilized ETFE. On the other hand  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. Besides  , the different kinds of expansion terms would be effective according to the query types such as diagnosis  , treatment  , and test. The novelty of our work lies in a probabilistic generation model for opinion retrieval  , which is general in motivation and flexible in practice. The first purely statistical approach uses a compiled English word list collected from various available linguistic resources. Like any topic model based approach  , LapPLSA Laplacian pLSA depends on a prefixed parameter  , the number of topics K. There is no easy solution to find the optimal K without prior knowledge or sufficient training data. Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , it also improves query execution efficiency since it makes it possible for optimizers to always run at their highest optimization level as the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. Thus data problems can intuitively be understood as objects having three distinct member functions: identification  , transformation and feature construction. For a regular expression r over elements   , we denote by r the regular expression obtained from r by replacing every ith a-element in r counting from left to right by ai. In this section  , we will focus our attention on the techniques we have devised to optimize navigation over massive Web graphs. exMin: minimum memory for an external merge. A random forest has many nice characteristics that make it promising for the problem of name disambiguation. Search engines play an important role in web page discovery for most users of the Web. The experiments show that with our estimate of the relevance model  , classical probabilistic models of retrieval outperform state-of-the-art heuristic and language modeling approaches. In addition  , the hybrid approach may find sub-optimal solutions for dynamic vehicle routing problems of any size. Our immediate next target is to extend TL-PLSA with a method for estimating the number of shared classes of the two domains. Evaluating the k+1 th predicate  , however  , will further cut down on the number of protein ids that emerge from the merge join  , which in turn reduces the number of protein tuples that have to be retrieved. Researchers using genetic data frequently are interested in finding similar sequences. They defined an observability index  , e.g. Due to the geometrical structure of the state space and the nature of the Jacobian mapping between joint velocities and rates of change of a behavioral variable see eq. This phenomenon is extremely important to explore the semantic relevance when the label information is unknown. ii it discards immediately irrelevant tuples. Dimension reduction is the task of mapping points originally in high dimensional space to a lower dimensional sub-space  , while limiting the amount of lost information. Hash Loop Joins w still have better performance than Sort/Merge gins  , but they may also be more expensive. Origin pages are the search results that start a search trail. Such extension programs are written separately from the application  , whose source remains unmodified. Automatic query expansion approaches AQE have been the focus of research efforts for many years. We first study how to support efficient random access for fuzzy type-ahead search. After each search task  , our participants were asked to complete a questionnaire eliciting their perceptions on how useful  , helpful and important the search features were during the search task. However  , some tracking artifacts can be seen in Figure 8due to resolution issues in the likelihood function. The recent rapid expansion of access to information has significantly increased the demands on retrieval or classification of sentiment information from a large amount of textual data. In addition  , a comparison between a state-of-the-art BoVW approach and our deep multi-label CNN was performed on the publicly available  , fully annotated NUSWIDE scene dataset 7 . One common approach  , known as "query translation ," is to translate each query term and then perform monolingnal retrieval in the language of the document 11. Sequential prediction methods use the output of classifiers trained with previous  , overlapping subsequences of items  , assuming some predictive value from adjacent cases  , as in language modeling. If it has the leading position in the target market  , the organization usually takes the initiative in SPL evolution and prefers a proactive strategy. Similar to the Mann-Whitney test  , it does not assume normal distributions of the population and works well on samples with unequal sizes. The mean of this combined likelihood function will lie over the fingertips  , as desired: p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file formats  , such as e.g. It is similar to batch inference with the constrained optimization problem out of minimizing negative log-likelihood with L2 regularization in Equation 5 replaced by Stochastic gradient descent is used for the online inference . We employ Random Forest classifier implementation in Weka toolkit 7 with default parameter settings. Table 2also presents the results of query structure experiments. The latter join is implemented as a three-way mid 4 -outer sort-merge join. This paper looks at the three grand probabilistic retrieval models: binary independent retrieval BIR  , Poisson model PM  , and language modelling LM.  The ranking loss performance of our methods Unstructured PLSA/Structured PLSA + Local Prediction/Global Prediction is almost always better than the baseline. The " directions " of these matrices show the forward mapping of velocity from one space to another. First  , is to include multi-query optimization in CQ refresh. This year  , we further incorporated a new answer extraction component Shen and Lapata  , 2007 by capturing evidence of semantic structure matching. This is consistent with the estimates given in Sullivan9la  , Sullivan93J. Folding the overhand knot involves an operation to insert one of the links on the end through a triangle formed by other links  , which in this case has a limited size. We compared SPARQL2NL with SPARTIQULATION on a random sample of 20 queries retrieved from the QALD-2 benchmark within a blind survey: We asked two SPARQL experts to evaluate the adequacy and fluency of the verbalizations achieved by the two approaches. The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. We describe here a technique to approximate the matcher by a DNF expression. Answers dataset 5 di↵erent splits are used to generate training data for both LSTM and ranking model  , Figure 2describes the steps I took to build training datasets. But  , it is not standard in statically typed languages such as Java. To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . 2 presented an incremental automatic question recommendation framework based on PLSA. In order to incorporate the curiosity information   , we create a user-item curiousness matrix C with the same size as R  , and each entry cu ,i denotes u's curiousness about item i. Thus the random-order index has to be stored separately from the search index which doubles the storage cost. Selecting a set of words relevant to the query would reduce the effect of less-relevant interpretation words affecting the calculation. Similarly  , our investigation of the CHROME browser identified security  , portability  , reliability  , and availability as specific concerns. Based on the search results  , Recall provided a graph showing changes in the frequency of the search keyword over time. We have looked in detail at the OOV problem as it applies to Chinese-English and English-Chinese CLIR. We modeled FFTs in two steps which are considered separately by the database. This vector is the mean direction of the prediction PDF  , The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. For retrieving newspaper articles  , we used <DESCRIPTION> and a combination of <DESCRIPTION> and <NARRATIVE>  , extracted from all 42 topics in the NTCIR-3 CLIR collection. In his 1968 letter  , Dijkstra noted that the programmer manipulates source code as a way to achieve a desired change in the program's behaviour; that is  , the executions of the program are what is germane  , and the source code is an indirect vehicle for achieving those behaviours. P is a function that describes the likelihood of a user transitioning to state s after being in state s and being allocated task a. R describes the reward associated with a user in state s and being allocated task a. We will briefly examine why these ideas are misguided based as they are on intuition about the nature of testing and how they may be reformulated to take account of scientific principles. This approach is yet a batch learning approach and it consequently suffers of drawbacks of all batch learning approaches as it requires a very large number of human annotations to learn link specifications of a quality comparable to that of EAGLE. Figure 9shows an interesting inversed staircase pattern due to the reverse presentation order. For each topic  , the subjects filled in a pre-search questionnaire to indicate their familiarity with the search topic  , conducted a time bounded search for resource pages related to that topic  , then filled in a post-search questionnaire that collected their opinion of the search experience and the perceived task completeness. of edge labels is a string in the language denoted by the regular expression R appearing in Q. The temperature is reduced gradual­ ly from 1.0 to 0.01 according to the progress of the learnillg as showll ill patterns. The steps consist of 1 express the change in the metric in terms of a function of the means and variance of a probability density function over the metric 2 mapping the estimates from the click-based model to judgments for the metric by fitting a distribution to data in the intersection 3 computing estimates for the remaining missing values using query and position based smoothing. At the beginning of learning control of each situation   , CMAC memory is refreshed. More recently  , Wang and Wang 10  used deep leaning techniques which perform feature learning from audio signals and music recommendation in a unified framework. This result is really interesting because it establishes a quantitative measure of the different companies' market position in a given market and goes beyond the results each single approach -data mining and game theory -could provide. The idea is to extract n numerical features from the objects of int ,erest  , mapping them into points in n-dimensional space. Clearly  , sponsored search is useful for search engines since it is a source of revenue for them. ate substrings of the example values using the structure. In general  , a better fit corresponds to a bigger LL and/or a smaller KS-distance. The likelihood function formed by assuming independence over the observations: That is  , the coefficients that make our observed results most " likely " are selected. However  , it is not true because the likelihood function is represented as the product of the probabilities that the debugging history in respective incremental system testing can be realized. This artificial method can generate a new field sub-document which does not exist in actual multi-field document  , which is equivalent to increasing the statistical weight for some attributed texts  , and such texts often have an explicit optimal TC rule. The problems remaining are those of stability and reliability. We propose a new action selection t e c h q u e for moving multiobstacles avoidance using hierarchical fuzzy rules  , fuzzy evaluation system and learning automata through the interaction with the real world. For large objects  , it performs significantly better at higher false positive rates. The correlation operation can be seen as a form of convolution where the pattern matching model Mx ,y is analogous to the convolution kernel: Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. Previously  , a list of over 200 positive and negative pre-computed patterns was loaded into memory. The goal would be to efficiently obtain a measure of the semantic distance between two versions of a document. The language was influenced significantly by the Dijkstra " guarded command language " 4 and CSP lo . In this context  , the ontological reasoning provides a way to compute the heuristic cost of a method before decomposing it. We extract the keywords from the META tag of the doorway pages and query their semantic similarity using DISCO API. Their model estimated the transition probabilities between two queries via an inner product-based similarity measurement. Due to space limitation  , the detailed results are ignored. In the following section  , we describe how the distance metric F i is learned. Their proposed technique can be independently applied on different parts of the query. The mutation enables the exploration of solutions within the same product  , while the crossover operation enables to switch to another product an further explore it with subsequent random mutations. The so-called hill-climbing search method locally optimize the summary hierarchy such that the tree is an estimated structure built from past observations and refined every time a new tuple is inserted. Generating Test Cases Based on the Input. There are a number of possible criteria for the optimality of decoding  , the most widely used being Viterbi decoding. Results are not displayed in the browser assistant but in the browser itself. The prototypes of data objects must be considered during entity matching to find patterns. The mapping of feasible initial-state perturbations around a nominal initial state x 0 to sensor-observation perturbations is given by the observability matrix Let the columns of the matrix N span the null-space of B. Pincer- Search 4 uses a bottom-up search along with top-down pruning. Steady trending means a good performance on model robustness. 1 measurement of respondents' sensations  , feelings or impressions Dimension reduction techniques are one obvious solution to the problems caused by high dimensionality. A search engine can assist a topical crawler by sharing the more global Web information available to it. We performed some experiments to see how the retrieval performance varied as a function of these two parameters. by embedding meta data with RDFa. The main area of the screen shows one random map which was among the top-ten ranked search results for this query. Another ap- proach 19 is to learn regular expression-like rules for data in each column and use these expressions to recognize new examples. In this paper  , we adopt the approach taken in 12  , where controlled queries are created  , as opposed to probabilistically generating random queries as suggested in 3 . l The image expression may be evaluated several times during the course of the query. To be efficient and scalable  , Frecpo prunes the futile branches and narrows the search space sharply. In this paper  , we presented two methods for collection ranking of distributed knowledge repositories. A feature ranking list is then generated according to its contribution in training the optimal ranking function. To train these semantic matching models  , we need to collect three training sets  , formed by pairs of question patterns and their true answer type/pseudopredicate/entity pairs. Successful translation of OOV terms is one of the challenges of CLIR. It requires  , first  , mapping a world description into a configuration space  , i.e. The rationale is that those appraisal words  , such as " good" or " terrible"  , are more indicative of the review's sentiments than other words. For scalability  , we bucket all the queries by their distance from the center  , enabling us to evaluate a particular choice of C and α very quickly. Our approach is independent of stemmers  , part of speech taggers and parsers. Thus  , our method demonstrates an interesting meld of discriminative and generative models for IR. We deal with this problem by starting from multiple starting points. The execute-imm function computes the partial fixpoint of a database instance using some immediate rules. For each of the three tested categories we trained a different classifier based on the Random Forest model described in Section 3.2.2. These latter effects probably account for the increase in average time per operation for the hill-climbing version to around 250-300ns; the difference in the code for these two methods is tiny. In this section we employ a graph-rewriting approach to transform a SOA to a SORE. The study used a structuring method  , in which those words that were derived from the same Finnish word were grouped into the same facet. These approaches build maps of an unknown space by selecting longterm goal points for each robot Other approaches focus more mapping I81 19. In the first phase  , we learn the sentence embedding using the word sequence generated from the sentence. The topic pattern First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. The methods were presented for the case of undirected unweighed graphs  , but they can be generalized to support weighted and directed graphs by replacing BFS with Dijkstra traversal and storing two separate trees for each landmark – one for incoming paths and another for outgoing ones. We used a modified version of the evolution strategy to learn manipulation primitives. From our perspective  , it is evident that given the nature of the TREC collections  , CLIR approaches based upon multilingual thesauri remain difficult to explore. Volcano uses a non-interleaved strategy with a transformation-based enumerator. Since existing Web mirroring tools  , like " rsync " 1  , usually mirror a site according to its Web site directory tree  , we study the evolutionary characteristics of Web site directory structure. In order to build our recursive calculations  , we first find an expression for the joint accelerations as a function of the acceleration of the platform and the reaction efforts  , next we find an expression for the reaction efforts as a function of the acceleration of the platform and  , finally  , we find an expression of the acceleration of the platform. It is evident from experimental results that our approach has much higher label prediction accuracy and is much more scalable in terms of training time than existing systems. For example  , if OOPDTool detects an instance of the FactoryMethod design pattern  , it would detect not only the presence of this pattern in the design but also all classes corresponding to the Abstract Creator  , Concrete Creator  , Abstract Product  , and Concrete Product participants found in this design pattern instance. Term disambiguation has been a subject of intensive study in CLIR Ballesteros  , 1998. The individual right that the teacher Martin holds  , allowing him to reproduce an excerpt of the musical piece during a lesson  , is derived from the successful matching between the instances describing the intended action and the instances describing the pattern. The second potential function of the MRF likelihood formulation is the one between pairs of reviewers . As we have formalized link specifications as trees  , we can use Genetic Programming GP to solve the problem of finding the most appropriate complex link specification for a given pair of knowledge bases. For instance   , NN queries over an attribute set A can be considered as model-based optimization queries with F  θ  , A as the distance function e.g. This allows us to use iterative hill-climbing approaches  , such as coordinate ascent  , to optimize the classifier in under an hour. The information-theoretic measures commonly used to evaluate rule interestingness are the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , the average mutual information 12 often simply called mutual information  , the Theil uncertainty coefficient 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12 cf. The interesting subtlety is that pattern matching can introduce aliases for existing distinguishing values. They use minimal space  , providing that the size is known in advance or that growth is not a problem e.g. Figure 5shows the interpolated precision scores for the top 20 retrieved page images using 1-word queries. In the final step we normalize the previously computed model weight by applying a relative normalization as described in 26. Although in the existing literature BUC-based methods have been shown to degrade in high skew values  , we have confirmed the remark of others 2 that using CountingSort instead of QuickSort for tuple sorting is very helpful. Note that  , some references may have been cited more than once in the citing papers. Research on CLIR has therefore focused on three main questions: 1 which terms should be translated ? To test the robots  , the Q-learning function is located within another FSA for each individual robot. The accuracy and effectiveness of our model have been confirmed by the experiments on the movie data set. The remaining columns show the performance of each method  , including the number of interleavings tested and the run time in seconds. Related work on alignment has been going on in the field of computational linguistics for a number of years. No use was made of anchor text or any other query-independent additional information for the query expansion run; documents were ranked using only their full text. autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. This simple scenario is modified in the context of CLIR  , where   , dN } consists of only those documents that are in the same language and script  , i.e. result in the best performance with AUC > 0.76 for female to sample male  , and AUC > 0.8 for male to sample female under Random Forest model among all user-based features  , while the topological features Figure 5: Performance of classifiers with user-based  , graph-based  , and all features to predict reciprocal links from males to females. Unlike gradient descent  , in SGD  , the global objective function L D θ is not accessible during the stochastic search. anchor elements contain a location specifier LocSpec 17  typically identifying a text selection with a regular expression. As O is computed by summing the loss for each user-POI pair  , we adopt the stochastic gradient descent SGD method for optimization . They hence can be pushed to be executed in the navigation pattern matching stage for deriving variable bindings. Option −w means searching for the pattern expression as a word. To reduce execution costs we introduced basic query optimization for SPARQL queries. There was some concern over the test collection built in the TREC 2001 CLIR track in that the judgment pools were not as complete as they ideally would be. In the first case  , the Triplify script searches a matching URL pattern for the requested URL  , replaces potential placeholders in the associated SQL queries with matching parts in the request URL  , issues the queries and transforms the returned results into RDF cf. As an example  , we use the RP assembler in combination with the C programming language to fully utilize RP's vector capabilities in writing inverse kinematic and inverse dynamic computations. In summary  , navigation profiles offer significant opportunities for optimization of query execution  , regardless of whether the XML view is defined by a standard or by the application. After this approach  , C hyperplanes are obtained in the feature space. This saves a pass over the data by combining the last merge pass of external sort with join-merge pass. Table 3gives the mean estimate of r   , over 40 degrees for 9 different indenters. The vector lt is used to additively modify the memory contents. Third  , we were interested in how the different systems took advantage of secondary indices on joining attributes   , when these were available. This poses the following two major predicatability problems: the problem of predicting how the system will execute e.g  , use index or sequntial scan  , use nested loop or sort merge a given query; the problem of eliminating the effect of data placement   , pagination and other storage implementation factors that can potentially distort the observations and thus lead to unpredictable behavior. Second  , in most cases  , the W value of those combined resources are in between occasionally above the resources that are combined. However  , local search may also return other entity types including sights and " points-of-interest " . After training the random forest c1assifier as above  , there is a minimum number of training data points at each leaf node. This has the effect of labeling an attribute as negative either if its frequency PMI is low relative to other positive attributes or its word embedding is far away from positive attributes. The results of the experiment are summarized in Figure 4. This technique may be of independent interest for other applications of query expansion. In all cases  , model fitting runtime is dominated by the time required to generate candidate graphs as we search through the model parameter space. Unlike lookup search  , where a discrete set of results achieves a welldefined objective  , exploratory search can involve unfamiliar subject areas and uncertainty regarding search goals. Compared to random search  , genetic programming used by GenProg can be regard as efficient only when the benefit in terms of early finding a valid patches with fewer number of patch trials  , brought by genetic programming  , has the ability of balancing the cost of fitness evaluations  , caused by genetic programming itself. Then  , the distribution of the scores of all documents in a library is modelled by the random variable To derive the document score distribution in step 2  , we can view the indexing weights of term t in all documents in a library as a random variable X t . The success with which web pages attract in-links from others in a given period becomes an indicator of the page authority in the future. This shows the limitation of the current expansion methods. If a query can m-use cached steps  , the rest of the parsing and optimization is bypassed. We abstract two models — query and keyword language models — to study bidding optimization prob- lems. In order to remember a yet-to-be visited node on the stack  , we push the pointer and the LSN we found in the corresponding entry. While Broder treated search intents as relatively short-term activities 10  , Marchionini's classification included long-term search activities such as learn and investigate  , and he argued that exploratory searches were searches pertinent to the learn and investigate search activi- ties. However the matching is not straightforward because of the two reasons. So if the fitness is calculated from unregulated Q-table  , the selected actions at the state that is close to the goal are evaluated as a high val.ues. Similar to the twig query  , we can also define matching twig patterns on a bisimulation graph of an XML tree. Compute a non-zero vector p k called the search direction. For a given camera and experimental setup  , this likelihood function can be computed analytically more details in Sections III-E and III-F. We have conducted experiments including trending search detection and personalize trending search suggestion on a large-scale search log from a commercial image search engine. It comprises two sets of 50 questions over DBpedia   , annotated with SPARQL queries and answers. Finally we have undertaken a massive data mining effort on ODP data in order to begin to explore how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance in agreement with semantic similarity. In the first stage  , all documents in the collection were used for pLSA learning without making use of the class labels. This ranking function treats weights as probabilities. This procedure assumes that all observations are statistically independent. Rewrite Operation and Normalization Rule. Several approaches that combine genetic programming and active learning have been developed over the course of the last couple of years and shown to achieve high F-measures on the deduplication see e.g. We consider two time series The time warping distance is computed using dynamic programming 23. For a given nested query block  , several execution plans are possible  , each having its own required parameter sort order and cost. Recall that 4.17% of the total number of user sessions began with a citation search query  , and 1.85% started with a document search query. In these techniques  , the state space is considerably simplified by comparison to actual program execution  , but may still be too large to exhaustively enumerat ,e. Additional folding of implementation details may occur in simulations based executable specifications such as Petri nets or PATSley ZSSS. When a simultaneous pattern of movement is reversed the projected trajectories in the relevant phase planes fold over. The latest comment prior to closing the pull request matches the regular expression above. Fortunately problem 3 is in a form suitable for induction with dynamic programming . In HSI  , for each singer characteristic model  , a logistic function is used as a combination function C s to derive an overall likelihood score. Kumar and Spafford 10 applied subsequence pattern matching to intrusion detection. A brief overview of our approach is as follows: Given a structurally recursive query  , it is mapped to structurally recursive functions and function calls to them. In general  , click logs and anchor text seem to be more valuable resources for regularization compared to Web ngrams  , across different settings of K. Notice that the Web ngrams are primarily derived from document content  , so perhaps their lower effectiveness can be explained by lower influence on pLSA  , which also uses document content. If our thesis is correct  , physical TUIs such as the 3D Tractus can help reduce the ratio of users per robots in such tasks  , and offer intuitive mapping between the robotic group 3D task space and the user's interaction space. However  , sound applications of rewrite rules generate alternatives to a query that are semantically equivalent. For example  , based on the CNF query in Section 2.2  , the diagnosis method is given the keyword query sales tobacco children. However  , for the satellite docking operation  , the random search found only one feasible solution in 750 ,000 function evaluations 64 hours on 24 Sparc workstations. Unlike pure hill-climbing  , MPA in DAFFODIL uses a node list as in breadth-first search to allow backtracking  , such that the method is able to record alternative  " secondary " etc. In the lamdarun05  , we extracted important terms from Wikipedia with diagnosis terms and added to query expansion. Given current object-based programming technology  , such systems can be rapidly developed and permit dynamic typechecking on objects. The shakwat group University of Paris 8 experimented with a random-walk approach using a space built using semantic indexing  , and containing the blog posts  , as well as the headlines  , in a window around the date of the topic. Euclidean distance only considers the data similarity  , but manifold distance tries to capture the semantic relevance by the underlying structure of the data set. Unrestricted templates are extremely powerful  , but there is a direct relationship between a template's power and its ability to entangle model and view. In order to extract the motions required for performing dynamic folding of the cloth  , we first analyze the dynamic folding performed by a human subject. However   , through   , δ–correctness we can see that no magic is going on  , as for all datasets these scores actually did decrease ; the incomplete training data hinders both methods in grasping the true data distribution. They are matched to one of these C groups by applying a PLSA model on the concatenated document features. Only patterns with score greater than some empirically determined threshold are applied in pattern matching. PLSA is a latent variable model that has a probabilistic point of view. In both mappings  , Q-learning with Boltzmann ex- m 1st mapping 2nd mapping ploration was used. The paper presents a new approach to modeling a ve­ hicle system that can be viewed as a further develop­ ment of predicate/transition Petri neLs  , in which the underlying graph is undirected and tokens have a di­ rection attribute. Several research studies 21  , 1  , 5  , 28 highlighted the value of roles as means of control in collaborative applications . It does have an analogy to the generalized likelihood ratio test Z  when the error function is the log-likelihood function. During learning  , the simple classifier is trained over dataset T producing a hypothesis h mapping points from input space X to the new output space Y . 14 into an entity-based query interface and provides enhanced data independence   , accurate query semantics  , and highlevel query optimization 6 13. Random search w as found only useful to check whether a given quality criterion is eeective on a speciic data set or not. A search within this structure is faster than a naive search as long as the number of examined nodes is bounded using a fast approximate search procedure. Sample 1 is the result of diversification using pLSA for varying K  , and sample 2 is the result of diversification using LapPLSA Table 6: Comparing performance of LapPLSA and pLSA over random K's. In this study  , we further extend the previous utilizations of query logs to tackle the contextual retrieval problems. The RL system is in control of the robot  , and learning progresses as in the standard Q-learning framework. Using a support vector machine with normalized quadratic kernel and an all-pairs method  , this yields an accuracy of 67.9%. These routes are then translated into plans represented symbolically as ' discussed in Section 6. The relevance values attached to each rule then provide  , together with an appropriate calculus of relevance values  , a mechanism for determining the overall relevance of a given document as a function of those patterns which it contains. As expected  , query expansion is more useful for short queries  , and less useful for long queries. A graph-based query expansion would spread all resources associated with an activated instance which is suited for thesauri. This is consistent with the observations on general reasoning: when more information is available and is used in reasoning  , we usually obtain better results. Hence  , we use the entire input paragraph and compute a vector representation given a Doc2Vec model created on a Wikipedia corpus. We call this the irrelevant index set optimization. The corresponding operation times are given in Notice h2m reduced the number of iterations quite significantly  , i.e. The latter strengthen also our intuition  , that TL-PLSA can learn the shared and unshared classes between domains  , when few documents per class exist  , given a large number of classes as in the SYNC3 and LSHTC datasets. In the case that the towel is originally held by a long side  , the table is used to spread out and regrasp the towel in the short side configuration  , from which point folding proceeds as if the short side had been held originally. A depthfirst search strategy has two major advantages. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest. Question 4 presented a mimic search box and asked the subject to input an appropriate query into the search box to find documents relevant to the search intent presented in Question 3. The predictive accuracy of our implementation of survival random forest is assessed with an o↵-line test. However  , our experience with doing this using an optimal control approach is that the computational cost of adding many obstacles can be significant. Our approach is simple yet effective and powerful  , and as discussed later in Section 6  , it also opens up several aspects of improvements and future work aligned with the concept of facilitating user's search without the aid of query logs. Of all the above systems  , only Sumatra employs such support  , but using a drastically different programming model and API  , which tightly couples relocation into the application's logic. The implementation of the regular-expression matching module is described in more detail in the paper by Brodie  , Taylor  , and Cytron 5. Models & Parameters. As with PL-EM Naive  , this method utilizes 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference  , 10 rounds of EM  , and maximizes the full PL. Then  , in this subsection we plan to investigate to what extent genetic programming used by GenProg worsens the repair efficiency over random search used by RSRepair. " Section 3 addresses the concept and importance of transductive inference  , together with the review of a well-known transductive support vector machine provided by T. Joachims. The task we have defined is to travel to a destination while obeying gait constraints. This helps to prune the space for conducting containment mapping. A key feature of both models  , the motion model and the perceptual model  , is the fact that they are differentiable. An age-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for the identification of de-identified age groups mentioned in visits. We empirically showed that these two search paradigms outperform other search techniques  , including the ones that perform exact matching of normalized expressions or subexpressions and the one that performs keyword search. To reduce CPU cost for redundant comparisons between points in an any two nodes  , we first screen points which lie within c-distance from the boundary surface of other node and use sort-merge join for those screened points. For each incorrect answer  , we first generalised the SPARQL query by removing a triple pattern  , or by replacing a URI by a variable. Our particular choice for sentiment modeling is the S-PLSA model 2   , which has been shown to be effective in sales performance prediction. The latter quantity is defined as the length of the regular expression excluding operators  , divided by its kvalue . Analogous to order optimization we call this grouping optimization and define that the set of interesting groupings for a given query consists of 1. all groupings required by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query 2. all groupings produced by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query. Since the combinator used in the event pattern is or  , matching el is sufficient to trigger the action . As an illustrative example  , Figure 1shows the average relevance distribution estimate resulting for the Lemur Indri search system and the pLSA recommender –which we use as baselines in our experiments in section 4. Our system does not rely on simulation or modeling ; instead  , all the experimentation is performed by the physical robot. A dynamic programming procedure controls the graph expansion. Large English- Chinese bilingual dictionaries are now available. Another very promising work is 15 which uses a self-organizing feature map SOFM 12 in order to generate a map of documents where documents dealing with similar topics are located near each other. After the values are computed  , every node computes an optimal policy for itself according to Equation 2. More detail about the concerns selected is available elsewhere 9. Approximately 100 simple regular expression features were used  , including IsCapitalized  , All- Caps  , IsDigit  , Numeric  , ContainsDash  , EndsInPeriod  , ConstainsAtSign  , etc. Second  , we will study  , using well chosen parameters  , which searching scheme is the best for frequent k-n-match search. Densityr #regex successes rate 0.0  , 0.2  Experiments on partially covering samples. 15 proposed a simulated annealing approach to obtain optimal measurement pose set for robot calibration. Instead of completing this step before performing Iv linal merge as discussed previously  , the sort operator can switch to the tinal merge directly. Similar trends are also found in individual query per- formances. It is the same engine that was used for previous TREC participations e.g. For example  , when the term " disaster " in the query " transportation tunnel disaster " is expanded into " fire "   , " earthquake "   , " flood "   , etc. Therefore  , in the following components we treat URLs matching with each pattern as a separate source of information. We also briefly discuss how the expand operator can be used in query optimization when there are relations with many duplicates. = DispersionAb2: the ability of a group of agent to spread out in order to establish and maintain some minimum inter-agent distance. We want to find the θs that maximize the likelihood function: Let θ r j i be the " relevance coefficient " of the document at rank rji. The graph expands according to a dynamic programming procedure  , starting from nodes that correspond to the initial states  , and until a goal state is reached. At each level of this hierarchy   , only a single B+-tree exists unless a merge is currently performed   , which creates temporary trees. The classifier uses these similarity functions to decide whether or not citations belong to a same author. On the other hand  , it is this kind of label that we want to tackle via zero shot learning otherwise we could choose to harvest training examples from the Internet. Thus  , there are can be no interior maxima  , and the likelihood function is thus maximized at some xv  , where the derivative is undefined. GP has been shown to perform well under such conditions. Google directory offers a related feature  , by offering to restrict search to a specific category or subcategory. Therefore  , the imputation method used in our experiment fits better for S&P500 data set. For INQUERY sub-runs  , Arabic query expansion was just like English query expansion  , except the top 10 documents were retrieved from the Arabic corpus  , rather than the English corpus  , and 50 terms  , not 5  , were added to the query. If not  , what initial ranking corresponds to a better result ? We hope query expansion will provide some so-called topic words for a query and also increase the mutual disambiguation of common query words. However  , this expansion produces a single semantic vector only. σ is used for penalizing large parameter values. Pattern matching approaches are widely used because of their simplicity. The return type of a polymorphic recursive function that accepts any XML data is usually declared as xs:AnyType 10. These categories conform to TREC's general division of question topics into 4 main entity types 13 . Our work seeks to address two questions: first  , is Flat-COTE more accurate than deep learning approaches for TSC ? A " log merge " application used for comparison and described below renormalizes the relevance scores in each result set before sorting on the normalized relevance scores. Note that the dynamic programming has been used in discretization before 14 . However  , researchers 13  , 44  , 45 have proposed methods to infer semantically related software terms  , and have built software-specific word similarity databases 41  , 42. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. While this difference is visually apparent  , we also ensure it is statistically significant using two methods: 1 the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test  , and 2 a permutation test  , to verify that the two samples are drawn from different probability distributions. The LossRole is played by a loss function that defines the penalty of miss-prediction  , e.g. Game theory and interdependence theory Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Our contribution is three-fold: to the best of our knowledge  , this is a first attempt to i investigate diversity for event-driven queries  , ii use the stream of Wikipedia article changes to investigate temporal intent variance for event-driven queries 2   , and iii quantify temporal variance between a set of search intents for a topic. With such an approach  , no new execution operators are required  , and little new optimization or costing logic is needed. We will revisit and evaluate some representative retrieval models to examine how well they work for finding related articles given a seed article. This lower optimization cost is probably just an artifact of a smaller search space of plans within the query optimizer  , and not something intrinsic to the query itself. For example  , the atleast operator provides a compact representation of repetitions that seems natural even to someone not familiar with regular expression notation. The evaluation results are presented in Table 3. Match chooses a set of paths from the semistructure that match a user-given path regular expression . The regular expression for word specifies a non-empty sequence of alphanumerics  , hyphens or apostrophes  , while the sentence recognize simply looks for a terminating period  , question mark  , or exclamation point. Induce the set of bilingual word embeddings BWE using the BWESG embedding learning model see sect. Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist  , too. The other one is a widely used approach in practice  , which first randomly selects queries and then select top k relevant documents for each query based on current ranking functions such as top k Web sites returned by the current search engine23 . For an environment depicted in Fig. The results with and without the pipelining optimization are shown in Figure 17. Because of the recursive feature of the BACK function the is checked for the second obstacle and moved in the opposite direction to the first movement  , returning the link to the original position. Encounters green are generated using a camera on the quadrotor to detect the checkerboard pattern on the ground robot and are refined by scan matching. Moreover  , two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test of the samples in the two groups indicates that the difference of the two groups is statistically significant . The usual valid sequence would be captured by the regular expression deliver sell " destroy . Graefe surveys various principles and techniques Gra93. We discuss our method of soft pattern generalization and matching in the next section. Taking missing value imputation as an example: missing values can be represented in the raw data in several ways  , then identified as such and coded as NAs. In this paper  , we intend to give an empirical argument in favor of creating a specialised OLAP engine for analytical queries on Statistical Linked Data. Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. Moral: AQuery transformations bring substantial performance improvements  , especially when used with cost-based query optimization. The sorted data items in these buffers are next merge-sorted into a single run and written out to disk along with the tags. In addition  , we show that incremental computation is possible for certain operations . Ranking the words according to their scores. We use NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 English-Chinese tasks for evaluation and consider both <title> and <desc> fields as queries. Discrete transitions are generally used when trying to convey an intuition about the overall behavior of a program in a context where the changes can be easily grasped; BALSAS visualization of the QuickSort  , in which each discrete change shows the results after each partitioning step  , may be cited as an example. Then any multi-dimensional indexing method can be used to organize  , cluster and efficiently search the resulting points. They found that posttranslation query expansion  , i.e. We pursue an approach that is based on a modulative relevance model SemRank  , that can easily using a sliding bar be modulated or adjusted via the query interface. We will discuss the results in Section 6.5. As mentioned previously  , we adopt VERT for pattern matching. We mainly focus on matching similar shapes. Table 3lists the CPU time comparison of the exhaustive search method and our dynamic programming method. Selected English Phrases: therapy  , replacement Final English Query: causation  , cancer  , thorax  , estrogens   , therapy  , replacement Since we have follow up refinement steps in our CLIR approach  , we set M  , the number of concepts identified for each query  , to 15. We used the English document collection from the NTCIR- 4 1 CLIR task and the associated 50 Chinese training topics. Next  , we turn our attention to query optimization. In that case  , the non-folding  , circular feet were unfairly punished in terms of lift due to the stationary nature of the test setup. To the best of knowledge  , this paper represents one of the first efforts towards this target in the information retrieval research community. Separate title  , subject  , and author search interfaces or advanced syntax may be provided to limit search to such bibliographic fields  , and is often utilized by the expert user whom desires fine-grained control of their search 2. However  , despite its impressive performance Flat-COTE has certain deficiencies. This paper explores flat and hierarchical PBMT systems for query translation in CLIR. In addition to the usual query parsing  , query plan generation and query parallelization steps  , query optimization must also determine which DOP to choose and on which node to execute the query. al  , 1983  has been shown effective in solving large combinato enable transitions from the local minima to higher energy states and then to the minimum in a broader area  , a statistical approach was introduced. In this section  , we propose an object-oriented modeling of search systems through a class hierarchy which can be easily extended to support various query optimization search strategies. Then PLSA is used directly to get the topic information of the user. The protocol tries to construct the quorum by selecting the root co. A transaction attempting to construct a read quorum calls the recursive function Read- Quorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. Thus  , an optimizer generates only a small number of interesting orders. In general our contiguous support vector machine is more  sitive and more specific. Sound statistic background of the model brings its outstanding performance. It is often easier to recognize patterns in an audio signal when samples are converted to a frequency domain spectrogram using the Fast Fourier Transform FFT 3  , see Fig. It is possible to use the out of bag error to decide when to stop adding classifiers to a random forest ensemble or bagged ensemble. In fact  , a regular expression may be a very selective kind of syntactical constraint  , for which large fraction of an input sequence may result useless w.r.t. For example  , consider the tree representation of the pattern Q 1 in Figure 3 . Equation 1 gives the recurrence relation for extending the LCS length for each prefix pair Computed LCS lengths are stored in a matrix and are used later in finding the LCS length for longer prefixes – dynamic programming. loading a page from its URL  , with a 'caching page loader'  , and respectively finding list of URLs from a page with a 'link finder'  , itself an instantiation of a domain-tailored regular expression matching service but we do not show this decomposition. The argument p is often called a template  , and its fields contain either actuals or formals. Many participants did some form of query expansion  , particularly by extracting terms from previously known relevant documents in the routing task. The main reason for this is that the number of model parameters to be learned grows in accordance with the increase of dimensionality; thus  , the acquired functions might not perform well when sorting unseen objects due to over-fitting. The recursive evaluation to determine this value is: Figure 3shows the recursive cost function. However  , the extracted topics in this way would generally not be well-aligned to the expert review. This method consists of a hierarchical search for the best path in a tessellated space  , which is used as the initial conditions for a local path optimization to yield the global optimal path. However  , the internal crawl is restricted to the webpages of the examined site. Although inany strategies can be used for performing the defuzzifi- cation 8  , we use the height defuzzification method given by where CF is a scale factor. Interdependence theory  , a type of social exchange theory  , is a psychological theory developed as a means for understanding and analyzing interpersonal situations and interaction 4. For what concerns the query-document model  , this is often referred to as language model approach and has been already applied for monolingual IR see the extensive review in 19 and CLIR 5. Motivated by the above  , we have studied the problem of optimizing queries for all possible values of runtime parameters that are unknown at optimization time a task that we call Parametric Query Optimiration   , so that the need for re-optimization is reduced. Templates that did not have any matching queries were excluded. Figure 3depicts an example of a finite automaton for both references to an article in a journal and a book. The goodness of fit test of the model was not significant p=0.64 meaning that predicted and observed data matrixes did resemble each other. Thus  , the key to recursive design for time­ delay systems is how to overcome this difficulty to construct recursively the virtual control law in each step such that in the final step the derivative of the Lyapunov-Razumikhin function of the system is neg­ ative whenever the Razumikhin condition holds. to increase efficiency or the field's yield  , in economic or environmental terms. 12 See http://code.google.com/apis/ajaxsearch/local.html  , last re- 4. To solve the problem  , we propose a new probabilistic retrieval method  , Translation model  , Specifications Generation model  , and Review and Specifications Generation model  , as well as standard summarization model MEAD  , its modified version MEAD-SIM  , and standard ad-hoc retrieval method. The first term in the above integrand is the measurement likelihood function  , which depends on the projection geometry and the noise model. Table 2shows the results of fitting the Rated Clicks Model using human rated Fair Pairs data. In particular  , while motion planning does have the ability to answer questions about the reacha­ bility of certain goal states from other states  , its primary ob­ jective is to in fact determine the motions required to reach the goal. In general  , our work indicates the potential value of " teaching to the test " —choosing  , as the objective function to be optimized in the probabilistic model  , the metric used to evaluate the information retrieval system. In the post-task interviews our participants identified using the search features based on the attributes of the search task they were undertaking  , or as a result of their search habits  , and in some cases as a fallback mechanism when the search box and search results failed to help them find relevant information. Finally  , the user interacts with the results. Instance learning approaches exploit regularities available in Deep Web pages in terms of DOM structures for detecting data records and their data items. With our TREC-8 submission  , we are in a position to assess how well our techniques extend to European languages. Among other things  , NeumesXML includes a regular-expression grammar that decides whether NEUMES transcriptions are 'well-formed'. We discuss four such operators next: index-scan  , hash join  , sort-merge join  , and group-by with aggregation. An online pattern matching mechanism comparing the sensor stream to the entire library of already known contexts is  , however  , computational complex and not yet suitable for today's wearable devices. Since all of our models require large sets of relevance-ranked training data  , e.g. To ensure critical mass  , several programmers were explicitly asked to contribute in the early stages of Stack Overflow. In the first step  , we propose a topic modeling method  , called Structured PLSA  , modeling the dependency structure of phrases in short comments. The core of the dynamic programming approach is that for each region  , we consider the optimal solutions of the child sub-problems  , and piece together these solutions to form a candidate solution for the original region. Collingbourne et al. For this we measure the click through percentage of search. Note the should be set to a number no smaller than in order to have enough fitting models for the model generation in a higher level. Once a question class and a knowledge source have been determined  , regular expression patterns that capture the general form of the question must be written. Ruthven 3 compared the relative effectiveness of interactive query expansion and automatic query expansion and found that users were less likely than systems to select effective terms for query expansion. The resulting dynamical model is described by fewer equations in the u-space. The module for query optimization and efficient reasoning is under development. Existing measures of indexing consistency are flawed because they ignore semantic relations between the terms that different indexers assign. Soubbotin and Soubbotin 18 mention different weights for different regular expression matches  , but they did not describe the mechanism in detail nor did they evaluate how useful it is. In this way  , one could estimate a general user vocabulary model  , that describes the searcher's active and passive language use in more than just term frequencies. Then we compare to different variations of the SMBO framework. When combining the expansion terms with the original query  , the combination weights are 2-fold cross-validated on the test set. it works for any unordered data structure. Contextual search refers to a search metaphor that is based on contextual search queries. We show log-likelihood as a function of the number of components. stochastic dynamic programming  , and recommended actions are executed. The Q-learning module of the ACT- PEN agent used a discount rate of 1.0 and actions were selected greedily from the current policy with ties being broken randomly. The robot learns the mapping and catego-rizations entirely within its sensorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a przorz internal representations. Each gateway has two directions  , inward and outward. Since OASIS always expands the node at the head of the priority queue  , it is a best-first search technique like A*. Following a typical approach for on-line learning  , we perform a stochastic gradient descent with respect to the   , S i−1 . We used as our backend retrieval system the IBM DB2 Net Search Extender  , which allows convenient combination of relational and fulltext queries. One of the challenges in studying an agent's understanding of others is that observed phenomena like behaviours can sometimes be explained as simple stimulus-response learning  , rather than requiring deep understanding. If acute shortage of memory space occurs  , a sort in this phase could " roll back " its input and release the last buffers acquired. The exploration-cost estimate is used by the ECM to help remove certain types of incorrect advice. Now  , the compatible combinations of plans and the effective parameter sort order they require from the parent block are as shown in Figure 5. The property verification is restricted to the users that belong to the specified class  , and that matches the regular expression in the scope of the property. To our knowledge  , this is the first time such a Multi-Start/Iterated Local Search scheme 7 has been combined with OLS. Table 10 shows our best performance according to micro average F and SU. Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. Therefore  , the system works in stages: it ranks all sentences using centroid-based ranking and soft pattern matching  , and takes the top ranked sentences as candidate definition sentences. We can learn an extraction expression  , specifically the regular expression E 1 = α·table·tr·td·font * ·p * ·b·p * ·font *   , from these two paths. Additionally  , a classifier approach is more difficult to evaluate and explain results. In real-world applications we may have data sets where implicit rating observations are available in large quantities   , but the rating component is missing at random. On the other hand  , it assigns surprisingly low probability of " windy " to Texas. Rather than considering only rectangular objects  , we propose approximating the likelihood function by integrating over an appropriate half plane. Employing this demonstration technique saves from the burden of mapping the human kinematics as in other approaches 7  , 14. Also  , this method can be accelerated using hierarchical methods like in the pattern matching approach. To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. This property gets pushed down to Sort and then Merge. The rest of this paper is organized as following  , first we review major approaches in recommendation systems including papers that focus on the cold start problem in Section 2; in Section 3  , we describe the data sets we work with and detail the type of features we use to model the user and the items in each domain  , respectively. For each query  , we pre-compute the second maximization in the equation for all positions of using dynamic programming. Finally  , we aim to show the utility of combining query removal and query expansion for IR. Folding-in refers to the problem of computing a representation for a document or query that was not contained in the original training collection. Thus the expected value of the dynamic programming problem that arises in the next period is F zE˜θE˜θ k+1 The probability the advertiser does not win the auction is 1 − F z  , in which case the value of the dynamic programming problem that arises next period remains at V k x ˜ θ k   , k. By changing the parameter k  , we can realize the variable viscosity elements. In each round a random successor of the current solution is looked at. The cost of evaluating inner query block can vary significantly depending on the parameter sort order guaranteed by the outer query block. If information about the topological order of the training data is provided  , or can be inferred   , only a very small data set is required. Further  , the cost of the plan for the outer query block can vary significantly based on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the parameters. Usually  , interesting orders are on the join column of a future join  , the grouping attributes from the group by clause  , and the ordering attributes from the order by clause. A " high " optimization cost may be acceptable for a repetitive query since it can be amortized over multiple executions. The space of word clouds is itself high-dimensional  , and indeed  , might have greater dimension than the original space. We maximize this likelihood function to estimate the value of μs. Semantic annotation of queries using DBpedia. The importance measurement was used to order the display of regions for single column display. On the other hand  , our pattern matching approach is more suitable for determining supporting documents and is therefore the preferable approach for answer projection. To centre the mean of the RGB likelihood function on the fingertips  , two additional likelihood functions are introduced. Considering SAE with k layers  , the first layer will be the autoencoder  , with the training set as the input. Consider that data D consists of a series of observations from all categories. We denote tj as the corresponding translation of si in target language. It incorporates keyword search as well as search for concepts and displays possible MWE expansions. The statistic behaviors for each indicator were determined computing the mean and standard deviation. Source code is often paired with natural language statements that describe its behavior. However  , unlike query optimization which must necessarily preserve query equivalence  , our techniques lead to mappings with better semantics  , and so do not preserve equivalence. The resulting transliteration model is used subsequently for that specific language pair. 6 can be estimated by maximizing the following data log-likelihood function  , ω and α in Eq. We use this mapping to parameterize the grasp controller described in Section 3. A search engine switching event is a pair of consecutive queries that are issued on different search engines within a single search session. It may also be undesirable that randomization without the use of stored seeds in these types of methods produce different results each time the method is used. Similar observations about the relative trade-offs between Quicksort and rep1 1 were made in Grae90  , DeWi911. Commonly made assumptions  , though reasonable in the context of workflow mining  , do clearly not hold for a dependency model of a distributed system  , nor do they seem fitting for a single user session. Currently  , a 7:l position amplification permits comfortable mapping of RALF's full workspace into the workspace of the human operator. Moreover  , game theory has been described as " a bag of analytical tools " to aid one's understanding of strategic interaction 6. In hybrid concolic testing  , we exploit the fact that random testing can take us in a computationally inexpensive way to a state in which state=9 and then concolic testing can enable us to generate the string ''reset'' through exhaustive search. This indicates that the chosen features were able to accurately predict the AP for the expanded and unexpanded lists of each query. These variables can recover the global shape of the associated object. The idea of heuristic best-first search is to estimate which nodes are most promising in the candidate set and then continue searching in the way of the most promising node. From the aspect of topic understanding  , the Learning Query Expansion LQE model based on semi-machine learning method is designed. 18  propose three margin based methods in Support Vector Machine to select examples for querying which reduce the version space as much as possible. The cost function minimized by the dynamic programming procedure represents the number of maneuvers. We start with a probabilistic retrieval model: we use probabilistic indexing weights  , the document score is the probability that the document implies the query  , and we estimate the probability that the document is relevant to a user. Intuitively  , we can simply use cosine similarity to calculate the distance between W l and Ws. Method gives access to the methods provided by a compo- nent. Because the synibol space is continuous space and the dynainics in this space is continuous system  , the continuous change of the vector field in the inotioIi space and the continuous motion transition is realized. We examine only points in partitions that could contain points as good as the best solution. The optimization prohlem then uses the response time from the queueing model to solve for an improved solution. The Jena graph implementation for non-inference in-memory models supports the look-up for the number of triples matching either a subject  , a predicate or an object of a triple pattern. Experiments are repeated 10 times on the whole dataset  , using different random initializations of the PLSA models. Our method of fuzzy text search could be used in any type of CLIR system irrespective of their underlying retrieval models. The model consists of several components: a Deep Semantic Structured Model DSSM 11 to model user static interests; two LSTM-based temporal models to capture daily and weekly user temporal patterns; and an LSTM temporal model to capture global user interests. Segmentations to piecewise constant functions were done with the greedy top-down method  , and the error function was the sum of squared errors which is proportional to log-likelihood function with normal noise. We compare the results obtained using the kernel functions defined in Sect. For GMG  , the plots show the loglikelihoods of models obtained after model size reduction performed using AKM. This interface offers direct access to the rule manipulation primitives for allowing dynamic creation or modification of rules within an application. The regular expression extractor acts in a similar way as the name extractor. The error rate of a random forest depends on two factors: the correlation between trees in the forest and the strength of each individual tree. SA first identifies the T-expression  , and tries to find matching sentiment patterns. These internal points are hidden within the polytope P and they do not contribute to manipulability information. The experimental results are in Table 1. Anyway  , the C parameter tuning is a very time and labor intensive work so that we need some automatic hill-climbing parameter calibration given enough computing power. Using this similarity in a self organizing map  , we found clusters from visitor sessions  , which allow us to study the user behavior in the web. This could possibly involve using another layer of patterned SU-8 for the glue to eliminate the application by hand which risks glue in the flexure joints. A hybrid methodology that uses simulated annealing and Lagrangian relaxation has recently been developed to handle the set-up problem in systems with three or more job classes ll. At this stage  , we tried out expansion of Boolean Indri queries. Many researchers recognize that even exams tend to evaluate surface learning   , and that deep learning is not something that would surface until long after a course has finished 5 . Thus it cannot be said that this model would work for any soft tissue  , but rather  , soft tissues that exhibit similar characteristics to agar gel. Questions QA pairs from categories other than those presented previously . In the Greenstone-based MELDEX 1 music retrieval system  , for example  , the browse and search screens are functionally separated—it is not possible  , for example  , to locate an interesting song and then directly move to browsing a list of other songs in that genre. While our method of analyzing procedures has been motivated by the desire to Rave no restrictions on storage sharing and to proceed with minimal a-priori specifications about the program  , it allows us to model such language features as generic modes  , procedLre variables  , parameters of type procedure  , a simulated callby-name parameter mechanism and a user-accessible evaluating function. Later in 2  , polynomial semantic indexing PSI is performed by learning two low-rank mapping matrices in a learning to rank framework  , and then a polynomial model is considered to measure the relevance between query and document. However  , we choose to keep this factor because it helps to provide a meaningful interpretation of the scores as a relative change in the likelihood and allows the document scores to be more comparable across different topics. In the same vein  , there are several examples of navigational queries in the IBM intranet where the best result is a function of the geography of the user  , i.e. This problem can also be solved by employing existing optimization techniques. Further examples are shown in Figure 2. In particular  , AutoBlackTest uses Q-learning. The description length for values using a structure often reduces when the structure is parameterized. All other agents utilized a discount rate of 0.7. It has some similarity with traditional text search  , but it also has some features that are different from normal text search. the minimal cost-to-go policy is known as using a greedy strategy. The result shows that with our strategy of P.  , the statistical average query traffic is decreased by 37.78%. As an example  , consider the problem of pattern matching with electrocardiograms. Contributions of R-SOX include: 1. The likelihood function is determined relying on the ray casting operation which is closely related to the physics of the sensor but suffers from lack of smoothness and high computational expense. The PATTERN clause is similar to a regular expression. Therefore query expansion can help to increase performance. From these examples  , and considering the range of struc­ tures we are interested in creating  , we identify four principle requirements for a viable self-folding method: I sequential folding  , II angle-controlled folds  , III slot-and-tab assem­ bly  , and IV mountain-valley folding. A fundamental assumption for multimodal retrieval is that by mapping objects in a modalityconsistent latent space  , the latent space representations of semantically relevant inter-modal pairs should be consistent. We have benchmarked Preference SQL The search scenario of the search engine is as follows: In a pre-selection a set of hard criteria has to be filled into the search mask. From the desktop to the internet  , through enterprise intranets  , the search " giants " are engaged in a fight for control of the search infrastructure. One of the projects that build upon the library-D2I partnership is the NSFfunded DataNet project  , called Sustainable Environment- Actionable Data SEAD. Controlling to include only the first few expansion terms of a query term simulates and measures a user's expansion effort for that query term. The Reverse Dijkstra heuristic is as described in Section 3.2.3 and shows significant improvement. In the model  , bags-of-visual terms are used to represent images. between the power of a matrix and its spectral information e.g. The use of these two weights is equivalent to the tf.idf model SALT83b ,CROF84 which is regarded as one of the best statistical search strategies. Further more  , literature on this method doesn't mention any restriction about its use. We further propose two methods to combine the proposed topic models with the random walk framework for academic search. Other  , more sophisticated IBT approaches using the maximum subsequence optimization may still yield improvement  , but we leave this as future work. Mandelbrot noticed extreme variability of second empirical moments of financial data  , which could be interpreted as nonexistence of the theoretical second moments  , i.e. For evaluation purposes  , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. The operator  , called Topic Closure  , starts with a set X of topics  , a regular expression of metalink types  , and a relation M representing metalinks M involving topics  , expands X using the regular expression and metalink axioms  , and terminates the closure computations selectively when " derived " sideway values of newly " reached " topics either get sufficiently small or are not in the top-k output tuples. PV-DBOW maps words and documents into low-dimension dense vectors. We report results as averages across all EC classes in We performed " one-class vs. rest " Support Vector Machine classification and repeated this for all six EC top level classes. The conceptual definition of pattern matching implies finding the existence of parent node such that when evaluating XPath P with that parent node as a context node yields the result containing the testing node to which template is applicable. The basic assumption of our proposed Joint Relevance Freshness Learning JRFL model is that a user's overall impression assessment by combining relevance and freshness for the clicked URLs should be higher than the non-clicked ones  , and such a combination is specific to the issued query. Yet 10  focused merely on evaluating the performance of a whole query and did not give insight into the effect of translation for each query term. Our results show that query expansion on Title and Description fields with appropriate weighting can yield better performance. It was noted that few imputation methods outperformed the mean mode imputation MMI  , which is widely used. Extract all multi-word terms using the predefined regular expression rules. Second  , we allow for some degree of tolerance when we try to establish a matching between the vertex-coordinates of the pattern and its supporting transaction. Let us mathematically formulate the problem of multi-objective optimization in database retrieval and then consider typical sample applications for information systems: Multi-objective Retrieval: Given a database between price  , efficiency and quality of certain products have to be assessed  Personal preferences of users requesting a Web service for a complex task have to be evaluated to select most appropriate services Also in the field of databases and query optimization such optimization problems often occur like in 22 for the choice of query plans given different execution costs and latencies or in 19 for choosing data sources with optimized information quality. A finite supply of electrodes resulted in a relatively sparse set of data 87 samples and offers two distinct ways to analyze the data. Then we fine-tune the weights of the encoder by minimizing the following objective function: We use stacked RBMs to initialize the weights of the encoder we can also optionally further use a deep autoencoder to find a better initialization. Thus the E-step remains the same. In the current implementation  , only noun phrases are considered for phrase recognition and expansion.   , along with predictive text and auto-complete capabilities. A potential problem with query expansion is topic drift and the inclusion of non-informative terms from highly ranked documents. If f was a structured pattern  , we checked if previous features used the same regular expression. For the chosen innovation problem  , the evaluators were presented with the lists of 30 top-ranked suggestions generated by ad- Words  , hyProximity mixed approach and Random Indexing. In a study of simulated interactive query expansion  , Ruthven 25 demonstrated that users are less likely than systems to select effective terms for query expansion. Compiling SQL queries on XML documents presents new challenges for query optimization. A well equipped and powerful system should be able to compare the content of the abstracts regarding their semantics  , i.e. A good MT system  , if available  , may perform query translation of reasonable quality for CLIR purposes. Other boxes cannot effectively use the indexed structure  , so only these two need be considered. Plurality is implemented using Apache's Solr – a web services stack built over the Lucene search engine – to provide real-time tag suggestions. In order to translate an extended selection operation u7 ,ee into a regular algebraic expression  , we have to break down the operation into parts  , thereby reducing the complexity of the selection predicate $. We used two kinds semantic score to evaluate the relevance between tweets and profiles as follow  ,  The semantic score c i is recorded simultaneously . We used the reference linking API to analyze D-Lib articles. Summarizing  , in this paper we present a framework for solving efficiently the k-anonymity and -diversity problems  , by mapping the multi-dimensional quasi-identifiers to 1-D space. The DBS3 optimizer uses efficient non-exhaustive search strategies LV91 to reduce query optimization cost. When Find is called on behalf of a read-only transaction lock-mode is None indicating no lock  , and latch-mode is False. To establish the framework for modeling search strategies  , we view the query optimization problem as a search problem in the most general sense. Answer for RQ1: In our experiment  , for most programs 23/24  , random search used by RSRepair performs better in terms of requiring fewer patch trials to search a valid patch than genetic programming used by GenProg  , regardless of whether genetic programming really starts to work see Figure 1 or not. Finally  , modeling relational data as it persists or changes across time is an important challenge. Our experiment is designed around a real user search clickthrough log collected from a large scale search engine. If a search engine could be notified that a searcher is or is not interested in search advertising for their current task  , the next results returned could be more accurately targeted towards this user. This function fills the role of Hence the quantity In the next section  , a probabilistic membership function PMF on the workspace is developed which describes the likelihood of sensing the object at a given location. where q i k is the desired target value of visible neuron i at time step k. Additionally to the supervised synaptic learning  , an unsupervised learning method called intrinsic plasticity IP is used. Neither do the similar queries retrieved via random walks SQ1 and SQ3 provide very useful expansion terms since most of the similar queries are simply different permutations of the same set of terms. The most obvious approach to CLIR is by either translating the queries into the language of the target documents or translating the documents into the language of the queries. One major question concerns the practical applicability of these different matchmakers in general  , not restricted to some given domain-specific and/or very small-sized scenario  , by means of their retrieval performance over a given initial test collection  , SAWSDL-TC1  , that consists of more than 900 SAWSDL services from different application domains. In this paper we address the aforementioned challenges through a novel Deep Tensor for Probabilistic Recommendation DTPR method. This paper presents a novel session search framework  , winwin search  , that uses a dual-agent stochastic game to model the interactions between user and search engine. In this paper  , we propose a fully automated PLSA-based Web image selection method for the Web image-gathering Our work can be regarded as the Web image version of that work. sKDD transforms the original numerical temporal sequences into symbolic sequences  , defines a symbolic isokinetics distance SID that can be used to compare symbolic isokinetics sequences   , and provides a method  , SYRMO  , for creating symbolic isokinetics reference models using grammar-guided genetic programming. On the other hand semantic types such as  , " disease and syndrome "   , "sign or symptoms"  , "body part" were assigned the highest possible weight  , as they would be very critical is determining the relevance of a biomedical article. While random generation showed promising results  , it would be useful to consider a more guided search for test generation. In order to discover and query objects in the digital repository through the Tufts Digital Library generic search application was developed that provides two initial levels of searching capabilities: a "basic search"  , and an "advanced search." Figure 5.1 shows that there was a big difference in accuracy between interest-based initial hub selection and random initial hub selection. In Snowball  , the generated patterns are mainly based on keyword matching. We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. Note that although the first two baselines are heuristic and simple   , they do produce reasonable results for short-term popularity prediction  , thus forming competitive baselines see 29. Within the model selection  , each operation of reduction of topic terms results in a different model. This problem can be solved efficiently using the following dynamic programming formulation. The top performing topics from each of our sort merge and log merge experiments were used to investigate the effect of truncating the result sets before merging. When starting a search  , readers could select either a quick search  , an advanced search or a recommendation page as their point of departure. Hence  , the Random Walk served as the search performance lower-bound. lymph node enlargement   , feeling powerless etc. The master workspace was transformed into a cylindrical shaped space to assist the operator in maintaining smooth motion along a curved surface. The choice of a stack indicates our preference for a 'depth-first-search' exploration from the starting assembled configuration. We selected ten questions from WebQuestions and QALD and asked five graduate students to construct queries of the ten questions on both DBpedia and YAGO. We extract expansion concepts specific to each query from this lexicon for query expansion. As previously discussed  , the problem of the BM method 21 is that inaccuracies in the map lead to non-smooth values of the likelihood function  , with drastic variations for small displacements in the robot pose variable x t . Given a query  , a large number of candidate expansion terms words or phrases will be chosen to convey users' information needs. It is based on three steps of data splitting   , which represent a so-called " smart search " of the jump points. Finally  , the Analyzer generates code for the Operator that uses the regular expression http://weather ?city=. In this framework  , a slow  , globally effective planner is invoked when a fast but less effective planner fails  , and significant subgoal configurations found are remembered t o enhance future success chances of the fast planner. Reusing existing GROUP BY optimization logic can yield an efficient PIVOT implementation without significant changes to existing code. Till now  , we have validated that deep learning structures  , contextual reformulations and integrations of multi-dimensions of ranking evidences are effective. Second  , po boils down to " pattern matching  , " which is a major function of today's page-based search engine. Using the QGM representation of the query as input  , Plan Optimization then generates and models the cost of alternative plans  , where each plan is a procedural sequence of LOLEPOPs for executing the query. ×MUST generates the second smallest test suite containing the largest number of non-redundant tests and the smallest number of redundant tests Fig. The most representative terms generated by CTM and PLSA are shown in Table 1. These probabilities can be induced from the scoring function of the search engine. Researchers have frequently used co-occurring tags to enhance the source query 4  , 5. In particular  , a latent random variable x is associated with each word  , acts as a switch to determine whether the word is generated from the distribution of background model  , breaking news  , posts from social friends or user's intrinsic interest. We compare two strategies for selecting training data: backward and random. We use this as our baseline text-based expansion model. Thus  , Dijkstra quickly becomes infeasible for practical purposes; it takes 10 seconds for 1000 services per task  , and almost 100 seconds for 3000 services per task. These results strongly support our claim that our generic ordering heuristic works well in a variety of application domains. Since IMRank adjusts all nodes in decreasing order of their current ranking-based influence spread Mrv  , the values of Mr After each iteration of IMRank  , a ranking r is adjusted to another ranking r ′ . Cross-language retrieval supports the users of multilingual document collections by allowing them to submit queries in one language  , and retrieve documents in any of the languages covered by the retrieval system. In this work  , we first classify search results  , and then use their classifications directly to classify the original query. The complete optimization objective used by this model is given in Table 1 . Our experiments include both full join queries as well as queries with a selection followed by a join. Depending on the result of the graph search  , the robot will approach and follow another street repeat the corresponding actions in the plan  , or stop if the crossing corresponds to the desired destination. Therefore  , we consider the following additional features: -co-occurrences of the expansion term with the original query terms; -proximity of the expansion terms to the query terms. Here we adopted an approach similar to 46  , but with a topic model that enhances submission correctness and provides a self-learning knowledge expansion model. Training users on how to construct queries can improve search behaviour 26. An aggregate search engine is the same as any other instance of the search engine leaf node except that it handles all incoming search requests. Therefore  , we modify the standard dynamic programming to handle real-valued matching similarity. Since the adversary only has information about the large itemsets  , he can only find the mappings for items that appear in the background knowledge. Finally  , we evaluate the relevance of identified semantic sets to a given query and rank the members of semantic sets accordingly. In this paper  , we make a first step to consider all phases of query optimization in RDF repositories. For example  , one searcher submitted a query " george boots " and clicked on a Google's Product Search result . p i and sq i are the index of pattern and sequence respectively  , indicating from where the further matching starts. We may present the data as a set of latent variables  , and these latent variables can be described either as lists of representative attributes here  , motifs or as lists of representative observations here  , upstream regions. This expansion allows the query optimizer to consider all indexes on relations referenced in a query. In contrast   , we have specified in advance a single hypothesis h *   , i.e. We show an example of a probabilistically deaened search space in Figure 3  , which includes an ëactual" aeeld obtained by a random generation of object locations from this probabilistic data. As a result of COSA  , they resolve a synonym problem and introduce more general concepts in the vector space to easily identify related topics 10. note on efficiency. In parallel  , semantic similarity measures have been developed in the field of information retrieval  , e.g. Apart from their base statistics  , we provide the baseline imputation accuracy on MCAR data as achieved by choosing the most frequent of the possible values. While there are quasi-steady models based on 2D inviscid flow that address added mass and rotational circulation effects  , they usually involve extra fitting parameters and are not robust for large operating range. It is fascinating that the typical ρ i for the individuals of seven of our eight datasets is approximately 1  , the same slope generated by the SFP model. These mapping methods are not widely used because they are not as efficient as the VSM. In this representation  , the relevance of a tweet to a given query is represented via each topically formed cluster. We have shown here that at least as far as the current state of the art with respect to Boolean operators is concerned  , a probabilistic theory of information retrieval can be equally beneficial in this regard. In the last decade  , however  , with the growth in the number of Web users  , the need of facing the problem of the language barriers for exchanging information has notably increased and the need for CLIR systems in everyday life has become more and more clear the recent book by J.-Y. Social interaction often involves stylized patterns of interaction 1. However  , best-first search also has some problems. A test image with unknown location is then assigned the location found by interpolating the locations of the most similar images. The default resolution of symbols is to routines in the library itself. If the client wants to choose the implementations ArrayImpl for Stack interface  , PeekImpl1 for PeekCapability  , and SearchImpl for SearchCapability  , then using the code pattern proposed in Section 4 of this paper  , the following declaration can be used: In particular  , suppose that peek and search are the features or operations to be added and that PeekCapability and SearchCapability are the interfaces that define these two features  , respectively. This subsection gives an overview of the basic ideas and describes recent enhancements to improve the recall of answer extraction. The top layer consists of the optimizer/query compiler component. We differ in that 1 if the currently executing plan is already optimal  , then query re-optimization is never invoked. The Expand function returns a fuzzy set that results from performing the query followed by query expansion. Building on the suffix array   , it also incorporates ideas embedded in the Burrows-Wheeler transform. In the first attempt  , we defined three different detection methods: maximum entropy  , regular expression  , and closed world list. Further  , suppose that this tool uses regular expression patterns to recognize dates based on their distinctive syntactical structure. There are length-1 and length-2 rules in practice. Since it is difficult  , in general  , to decide which junction belongs to the scene object of interest  , we matched all 21 features with the corresponding model ones. For building accurate models  , ignoring instances with missing values leads to inferior model performance 7  , while acquiring complete information for all instances often is prohibitively expensive or unnecessary. Locating a piece of music on the map then leaves you with similar music next to it  , allowing intuitive exploration of a music archive. K plsa +U + T corresponds to the results obtained when the test set was also used to learn the pLSA model  , thereby tailoring the classifiers to the task of interest transductive learning. Therefore  , one often gets a whole interval of numbers n where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value; in some cases  , one even gets a union of non-adjacent intervals . semantic sets measured according to structural and textual similarity. In the third stage  , the query optimizer takes the sub-queries and builds an optimized query execution plan see Section 3.3.   , Zotero  , Facebook and Twitter for relevant activities. Our work involved two aspects: Finding good methods for Chinese IR  , and finding effective translation means between English and Chinese. To reduce the number of candidate plans we can adopt a heuristic of considering only the physical operators that requires the strongest parameter sort order less than the guaranteed sort order. The ap- plication domain of this strategy according to Vie86 are all kinds of recursion defined by means of function free Horn clauses. one such technique of implementing fuzzy text search for CLIR to solve the above mentioned problems. High F1 score shows that our method achieves high value in both precision and recall. For example  , Croft and Harper 1979 showed that a cluster search can retrieve relevant documents in many cases when a search based on a probabilistic model fails. 18 have demonstrated that soft pattern matching greatly improves recall in an IE system. We call this new space the reduced information space and the mapping from the information space onto it the aggregation map. As mentioned earlier  , a combined Lagrangian relaxation and dynamic programming method is developed . With this in mind  , in this study we tested some imputation methods. However   , instead of using time domain intervals  , we use intervals from the data transformed into alternate representations. A modified version of GJK  , RGJK  , which exploits the recursive evaluation is stated in Section 3. We defer discussing the possible reason to Section 6. Since there is no guarantee of a unique extremum in the cost function   , a method like simulated annealing can be used to optimize the cost function 22. We call this way of counting words " soft-counting " because all the possible words are counted. where the first term is the log-likelihood over effective response times { ˜ ∆ i }  , and the second term the sum of logactivity rates over the timestamps of all the ego's responses. 2 The semantic similarity-based weighting Sim is the best weighting strategy. Techniques for efficient query expansion. We would like to add the document content to a search engine or send the document to others to read without the overhead of the emulation stack  , but cannot. Our experiments focused on query expansion techniques using INQUERY. In other words  , a précis pattern comprises a kind of a " plan " for collecting tuples matching the query and others related to them. Even with a higher baseline of monolingual with expansion  , combining the CO method with expansion can still yield up to 88% of monolingual performance . Finally  , a sequence of upper characters in the fullname UN is compared to a sequence of upper characters in the abbreviations. Figure 1: Mapping entities in folksonmies to conceptual space rameters by maximizing log-likelihood on the existing data set. We base such evaluation on a dataset with 50K observations ad  , dwellT ime  , which refer to 2.5K ads provided by over 850 advertisers. This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. Given that the choice for the realization of atomic graph patterns depends on whether the predicate is classified as being a noun phrase or a verb phrase  , we measured the accuracy i.e. One problem with all the methods described in this section is that it is not easy to select the parameters defining the amount of components to be looked for. This automatic slot filling system contains three steps. Moreover  , many data sources do not support sorting operation  , which only accept queries with the input of a target relation and a selection predicate  , although the query form does not always follow the SQL syntax. This paper provides a first attempt to bridge the gap between the two evolving research areas: procedural knowledge base and taskoriented search. The issue of CLIR has also been explored in the cultural heritage domain. Thus  , in the rest of this paper  , we try to examine the impact of search engines theoretically by analyzing two Web-surfing models: the random-surfer model and the searchdominant model. The presented data is taken from the above experiment and for the bunny object. The equation of each 3D line is computed by fitting a vertical line to the selected model points. They have applied this method to verify the correct sequencing of P  , V operations in an operating system. Different meta-path based ranking features and learning to rank model can be used to recommend nodes originally linked to v Q i via these removed edges. Answers question page in the search results once seeing it. To fit the three-way DEDICOM model  , one must solve the following minimization problem With a unique solution  , given appropriate data and adequately distinct factors the best fitting axis orientation is somewhat more likely to have explanatory meaning than one determined by  , e.g. Space is otherwise completely automatic: it analyzes the target application's source code and returns a list of bugs. 4 propose a probability model called Sentiment PLSA S-PLSA for short based on the assumption that sentiment consists of multiple hidden aspects. Communication fitness for controller of Figure  93503 for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. The well-known kernel trick is difficult to be applied to 9  , while kernel trick is considered as one of the main benefits of the traditional support vector machine. The imitation game balances the perceived challenges with the perceived skills of the child and proves to be challenging for the children. Our results are supported in these Proceedings by Pirkola 23 . Figure 6shows the simulated evolution of four different mutation rates. Such models can be utilized to facilitate query optimization  , which is also an important topic to be studied. The collection dependent expansion strategy adds a fixed number of terms to each query within a test collection. In summary  , our variant of mergesort has three phases: an in-buffer sort phase which sorts data within a buffer  , an in-memory merge phase which produces runs by merging sorted buffers  , and an external merge phase which merges sorted runs. Yet usually  , there are many possible ways to syntactically express one piece of semantic information making a na¨ıvena¨ıve syntactic " pattern matching " approach problematic at best. The page classifier guides the search and the crawler follows all links that belong to a page whose contents are classified as being on-topic. of the file or log false information in it—Lib creates an instance of Priv and passes it to doPrivileged  , the Java privilege-asserting API 6  , which modifies the stack-inspection mechanism as follows: at run time  , doPrivileged invokes the run method of that Priv object  , and when the stack inspection is performed to verify that each caller on the stack has been granted the necessary FilePermission  , the stack walk recognizes the presence of doPrivileged and stops at createSocket  , without demanding the FilePermission of the clients of Lib. The expansion terms are extracted from top 100 relevant documents according to the query logs. Combinatorial block designs have been employed as a method for substituting search keys. So evolvability 8 and parallelism are both considered to improve convergence speed of global optimization. Our problem  , and corresponding dynamic programming table  , is thus two-dimensional. extending keyword search with a creation or update date of documents. Regarding the multiple adjective choice  , even if not supported by statistical significance  , we observe that children in the OAT condition chose no machine category adjectives  , 30% of the chosen adjectives belonged to the humanized category and 70% to the relational one. Georeferencing has not only been applied to images or videos. To the best of our knowledge  , this study is the first to address the practical challenge of keeping an OSN-based search / recommender system up-to-date  , a challenge that has become essential given the phenomenal growth rate of user populations in today's OSNs 2. The assumption deviates from reality when there are no indices and the database chooses multi-way merge-sort joins. Decentralized Search. Levow and Oard  , 1999 studied the impact of lexicon coverage on CLIR performance. In 13   , the query containment problem under functional dependencies and inclusion dependencies is studied. People have proposed many ways to formulate the query expansion problem. However  , the language model would often make mistakes that the regular expression classifier would judge correctly. The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. Stochastic gradient descent is a common way of solving this nonconvex problem. For the document expansion component  , we employ both LocCtxt document model and ExRes document model based on the observation that the two document models behave differently on different topic sets. In particular  , we hope to develop and test a model  , within the framework of the probabilistic theory of document retrieval  , which makes optimum use of within-document frequencies in searching.  prisbm: Run with query expansion based on Google query expanding and manually term-weighting. Users enter substantially fewer queries during a search session when they are more familiar with a topic. External expansion on a cleaner e.g.  s: aggressively stemmed words  , found using the Sebawai morphological analyzer. Each self-folding hinge must be approximately 10 mm long or folding will not occur  , limiting the total minimum size of the mechanism. the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. This work has demonstrated that incorporating the characteristics of related instances into statistical models improves the accuracy of attribute predictions. Formally  , the PLSA model assumes that all P~ can be represented in the following functional form 6  , where it is closely related to other recent approaches for retrieval based on document-specific language models 8  , 1. Groups experimenting with such approaches during this or former CLIR tracks include Eurospider  , IBM and the University of Montreal. So the default Join could have been planned with sort-merge before performing the rewrite. The rationale underlying such a decomposition of the original action model into two probabilistic models  , the preference and the item action model  , is two folds. This problem has been addressed in two different ways in the literature. The problem of frequent model retraining and scalability results from the fact that the total number of users and items is usually very large in practical systems  , and new ratings are usually made by users continuously. We consider LB to be the elementary block and we attempt to discuss the possibilities of fault tolerance in this program. AQuery builds on previous language and query optimization work to accomplish the following goals: 1. Especially with unpitched sources  , we expect that searching for a melody will be complex  , not simply a matter of literal string matching. Any remaining cycles in the request graph suggest that a possibly mutually-recursive function is making server requests. Relevance is determined by the underlying text search engine based on the common scoring metric of term frequency inverse document frequency. In this section  , we propose a non-parametric probabilistic model to measure context-based and overall relevance between a manuscript and a candidate citation  , for ranking retrieved candidates. Situation-aware applications would additionally require semantic assertions about the user navigation  , interaction logic and associated data model for the purposes of temporal and positional relevance. Figure 8  , may be thought of as using standard dynamic programming for edit-distance computation  , but savings are achieved by SPF works by finding any one place where I potentially occurs in Q   , if any. However  , almost all of them ignore one important factor for resource selection  , i.e. The semantic types used in the current system were determined entirely by inspection. For example  , in our data it was shown that conservatives preferred writing " Barrack Hussein Obama " over the liberal " Obama " . Figure 4shows an example of such state space. This fact is especially interesting if the data space is non-vectorial. Thus  , the developer decides to perform a regular expression query for *notif*. We believe that having an explicit symbolic representation is an advantage to vector-based models like deep learning because of direct interpretability . This ensures that there is no simple pattern  , such as the query always precisely matching the title of the page in question. Query queries  , we have developed an optimization that precomputes bounds. The size of the inner relation could be used to make the division for Nested-Loop join queries. Spatial databases have numerous applications  , including geographic information systems  , medical image databases ACF+94   , multimedia databases after extracting n features from each object  , and mapping it into a point in n-d space Jaggl  , FRM94  , as well as traditional databases  , where each record with n attributes can be considered as a point in n-dimensional space Giit94. However  , we found that SEESAW ran much faster and produced results with far less variance than simulated annealing. Two set of queries are used to perform two tasks: building a type summary and calculating some bibliometrics-based summary. We also showed how to extend this framework to combine data from different domains to further improve the recommendation quality. To build the word embedding matrix W W W   , we extract the vocabulary from all tweets present in TMB2011 and TMB2012. CLIR experiments in the literature have used multilingual   , document-aligned corpora  , where documents in one language are paired with their translation in the other. We have improved the Viterbi-based splitting model feeding it with a dataset larger than the one used in 1. The learning threshold E l in our simulation study is also chosen concerning the characteristics of the sequential data sets and locates in the range 0.05  , 0.5. In order to achieve local and sequential folding  , we required a way to activate the PSPS with a local stimulus. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: Section 2 presents the programming model and its main entities: complets  , the relocatable application building blocks  , and complet references  , FarGo's main abstraction for dynamic layout programming. The coordinate form representation of the latter is given by tlie n x n manipulator Jacobian matrix DecpO. In the two short query results  , nttd8me is query expanded and nttd8m has no query expansion. Result sets from each host name D for each topic were truncated at the top Cr |D| = 0.0005|D| documents  , rounding up to the next largest integer. This suggests an opportunity to explore alternative methods of imputation to achieve different feature weightings and reduce learning bias within a stacked framework. However  , in the case of RDF and SPARQL  , view expansion is not possible since expansion requires query nesting   , a feature not currently supported by SPARQL. When a user enters a freetext query string  , the corpus of webpages is ranked using an IR approach and then the mapping from webpages back to songs is used to retrieve relevant songs. A modified scale space approach  , based on a line model mask with weights calculated from the line fitting mors  , is presented. In contrast to the approaches presented  , we use a similarity thesaurus Sch 92  as the basis of our query expansion . In the recent fourth installment of QALD  , hybrid questions on structured and unstructured data became a part of the benchmark. maximum expected likelihood is indeed the true matching σI . In particular  , a definite effect was observed for RTs typically less than for hierarchical traversal. The system eliminates the pixels in the masked region from the calculation of the correlation of the large template Fig.2left and determines the best match position of the template with the minimum correlation error in a search area. It then integrates these subtopics as described in Section 2.3. In our experiments  , the parameter pair Second  , we use the hill-climbing a1 orithm and the crossover-swapping operator in paralfel. We proposed a new Word Embedding-based topic coherence metric  , and instantiated it using 8 different WE models. In addition  , the more advanced search modules of SMART re-index the top documents  , and can detect the false match. Relation a  , an abstraction relation  , explains how any given concrete design  , d ∈ cm  , instantiates i.e. This approach avoids generation of unwanted sort orders and corresponding plans. The last and final level is to utilize RaPiD7 in a full-scale software project  , and plan the documentation authoring in projects by scheduling consecutive workshops. Along these lines it is beneficial to reuse available grouping properties  , usually for hash-based operators. Davis and Dunning 1996 and Davis 1997 also found that the performance of MRD-based CLIR queries was much poorer than that of monolingual queries. Despite this  , our model could be applied in alternative scenarios where the relevance of an object to a query can be evaluated. If there are still mul­ tiple connected components in the roadmap after this stage other techniques will be applied to try to connect different connected components see 2 for details. In light of TF*IDF  , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. To evaluate the quality of our implicit transcripts  , we collected a random sample of voice queries impressions submitted to Bing search engine during November 2014 and transcribed them implicitly. Because of this  , any estimate for which falls outside of this range is quite unlikely  , and it is reasonable to remove all such solutions from consideration by choosing appropriate bounds. For a kinematically redundant system  , the mapping between task-space trajectory and the join-space trajectory is not unique. An expanded query is formulated for each server using the documents sampled from that server. 3 3 is the planestress model with these parameters  , not an arbitrary best fitting curve. The search space is all possible poses within The " center-of-mass " search designated in this paper as C similarly divides the search space into pose cells  , but picks a random pose within each pose cell and uses those random poses to compute a set of match scores that are distributed throughout the search space. We evaluated the query and HTTP costs to learn certain percentage of the holdings of an archive using RSM under different profiling policies. Our starting point is the following intuition  , based upon the observation that hashtags tend to represent a topic in the Twitter domain: From tweets T h associated with a hashtag h  , select a subset of tweets R h ⊆ T h that are relevant to an unknown query q h related to h. We build on this intuition for creating a training set for microblog rankers. where µi ∈ R denotes a user-specific offset. This narrows down the search space of potential objects on the image significantly. They are difficult to initialize owing to the wide forbidden regions  , and apt to fall into poor local minima and then waste a lot of time locating them very precisely. Section 5 combines variational inference and stochastic gradient descent to present methods for large scale parallel inference for this probabilistic model. The evolution of a &-graph to a deadlocked graph is closely monitored  , as it evolves as the simulation progresses. Subsequently  , the starting parameters which yield the best optimization result of the 100 trials is taken as global optimium. State space should include necessary and sufficient information to achieve the given goal while it should be compact because Q-learning time can be expected exponential in the size of the state space 21 . Berry and Fierro 2 therefore proposed a technique of 'folding-in' by slightly warping the space around the new data  , which can be done relatively efficiently. One can express that a string source must match a given regular expression. Search results often contain duplicate documents  , which contain the same content but have different URLs. Experience has shown that several factors make it hard to obtain statistically significant results in CLIR evaluations . Then  , we take all combination of continuous snippets as candidate answer sentences. In our approaches  , we propose four semantic features. For each output unit in one layer of the hierarchy a two-dimensional self-organizing map is added to the next layer. In such a scenario  , it is not sufficient to have either one single model or several completely independent models for each placing setting that tend to suffer from over-fitting. Their main purpose is to give search engine users a comprehensive recommendation when they search using a specific query. While annotators must answer all questions before they can complete a policy annotation task  , they can jump between questions  , answer them in any order  , and edit their responses until they submit the task. One page less of memory will result in another merge step. The above experiment demonstrates the effectiveness of using CLQS to suggest relevant queries for CLIR enhancement. Further reduction in the computations can be accomplished by minimizing the coefficient of the logarithmic function of the time complexity . Constraints expressed in logical formulas are often very expensive to check. The goal of the presented study was the investigation on the effectiveness of integrating semantic domain-specific resources  , like ontologies  , into a CLIR context. For simplicity  , we assume terms occur independently and follow Poisson statistics. Another dynamically consistent nullspace mapping  , which fits very well in the framework of operational space control  , was proposed by Khatih 61: by the manipulator's mass matrix. In other words  , we do not carry out any comparison-based global sort or global merge at the host site. The major contribution of this paper is an extension of SA called Toured Simulated Annealing TSA  , to better deal with parallel query optimization. Once the pattern tree match has occurred we must have a logical method to access the matched nodes without having to reapply a pattern tree matching or navigate to them. Without strict enforcement of separation   , a template engine provides tasty icing on the same old stale cake. Third  , our proposed model leads to very accurate bid prediction . CLIR typically involve translating queries from one language to another. In contrast  , Quicksort writes out an entire run each time  , thus producing considerably fewer random I/OS. In information retrieval there are three basic models which are respectively formulated with the Boolean  , vector  , and probabilistic concepts. In each case  , we formed title+description queries in the same manner as for the automatic monolingual run. For token normalization  , stateof-the-art Information Retrieval techniques such as case folding and word segmentation can be applied 18. Our experiments showed that the decaying co-occurrence model performs better than the standard co-occurrence model  , and brings significant improvements over the simple dictionary approaches in CLIR. Assume that nested loop and sort-merge are the only two methods . The model is based on a decomposition of the surface of the earth into small grid cells; they assume that for each grid cell x  , there is a probability px that a random search from this cell will be equal to the query under consideration. Transitions t chk0 and t chk1 detect the condition under which the matching cannot continue e.g. The assumption basically says that previous search results decide query change. One method  , the VP-tree 36  , partitions the data space into spherical cuts by selecting random reference points from the data. First  , we integrate the likelihood function 25 over Θ to derive a marginal likelihood function only conditioned on the intent bias: Let's examine this updating procedure in more detail. In their original formulation  , these manipulability measures or ellipsoids considered only single-chain manipulators  , and were based on the mapping in task space trough the Jacobian matrix of the joint space unit ,a.ry balls qTq 5 1 and T ~ T 5 1. 'Organic search' is the classic search where users enter search terms and search engines return a list of relevant web pages. The texture properties are defined relative to an object's surface. The relation elimination proposed by Shenoy and Ozsoyoglu SO87 and the elimination of an unnecessary join described by Sun and Yu SY94 are very similar to the one that we use in our transformations. Definition 1. We experimentally address the question of how many example strings are needed to learn a regular expression with crx and iDTD. The core problem in developing an efficient disk-based index is to lay out the prefix tree on disk in such a fashion as to minimize the number of disk accesses required to navigate down the tree for a query  , and also to minimize the number of random disk seeks required for all index operations. Our most relevant work 10  presented a method to predict the performance of CLIR according to translation quality and ease of queries. We have implemented all documented tgrep functions in our engine and have additionally implemented both regular expression matching of nodes and reflection-based runtime specification of predicate functions . The optimizer's task is the translation of the expression generated by the parser into an equivalent expression that is cheaper to evaluate. An important difference  , however  , is that the merge phase of Diag-Join does not assume that the tuples of either relation are sorted on the join attributes. However  , a plan that is optimal can still be chosen as a victim to be terminated and restarted  , 2 dynamic query re-optimization techniques do not typically constrain the number of intermediate results to save and reuse  , and 3 queries are typically reoptimized by invoking the query optimizer with updated information. Let's say we are deciding between the heuristic recommender and the aspect model for implicit rating prediction. The composite effects of query expansion and query length suggest that WebX should be applied to short queries  , which contain less noise that can be exaggerated by Web expansion  , and non-WebX should be applied to longer queries  , which contain more information that query expansion methods can leverage. 11  used dynamic programming to implement analytical operations on multi-structural databases. The integrated search is achieved by generating integrated indices for Web and TV content based on vector space model and by computing similarity between the query and all the content described by the indices. Researchers in fields as diverse as CSCW  , Web technologies  , crowdsourcing   , social structures  , or game theory  , have long studied them from different perspectives  , from the behaviour and level of participation of specific groups and individuals Lampe and Johnston 2005; Arguello et al. 2   , we expect that EM will not converge to a reasonable solution due to many local suboptimal maxima in the likelihood function. What differentiates S-PLSA from conventional PLSA is its use of a set of appraisal words 4 as the basis for feature representation. Table 4 : Diversification result with pLSA and LapPLSA regularized by different external resources and their combinations. Experiments for English and Dutch MoIR  , as well as for English-to-Dutch and Dutch-to-English CLIR using benchmarking CLEF 2001-2003 collections and queries demonstrate the utility of our novel MoIR and CLIR models based on word embeddings induced by the BWESG model. Incorporating this additional semantic fact could have helped to improve the relevance of retrieved results. We also look at friendship probability as a function of rank where rank is the number of people who live closer than a friend ranked by distance  , and note that in general  , people who live in cities tend to have friends that are more scattered throughout the country. We build the search system on top of a proprietary platform for vertical search developed in Yahoo!. To date  , work on statistical relational models has focused primarily on static snapshots of relational datasets even though most relational domains have temporal dynamics that are important to model. These functions are discovered using genetic programming GP and a state-of-the-art classifier optimumpath forest OPF 3  , 4. This means that RCDR successfully preserved information useful for estimating target orders. In this paper  , we propose an advanced Skip-gram model SG++ to learn better word embedding and negation for Twitter sentiment classification efficiently. To meet that goal  , we analyze the questions in QALD and WebQuestions and find most of them the detail statistics are also on our website mentioned above can be categorized to special patterns shown in Table 2. The mapping of the Expressivity to more than one sub-parameter consequently constrains the space of all possible configurations. A mapping from capability space to utility space expresses the user's needs and preferences. This is shown in Figure 2c  , where a state with a smaller Dijkstra distance heuristic was sampled in the narrow passage. With this system  , we simulate motion generation hierarchically for six legged locomotion robot using Genetic Programming. The mapping  , termed the planar kinematic mapping in Bottema and Roth 1979  , is a special case of dual quaternion representation of object position in a three dimensional space. Disambiguation of multiplesense terms by estimating co-occurrence for each chandi- date3 has also shown evident accuracy enhancement. For example the template page can be parsed by the legacy wiki engine page parser and " any character sequence " blocks or more specific blocks like " any blank character "  can be inserted where appropriate. The proposed method can find the equivalents of the query term across the scripts; the original query is then expanded using the thus found equivalents. Since vague queries occur most often in interactive systems  , short response times are essential. While many methods for expansion exist  , their application in FIR is largely unexplored. Ogilvie and Callan have proposed a global approach to query expansion for FIR 15. We observe that our PLSA model outperforms the cosine similarity measure in all the three data sets. Given a user query  , we first determine dynamically appropriate weights of visual features  , to best capture the discriminative aspects of the resulting set of images that is retrieved. – Search engine : Apache Lucene is a free  , full-text search engine library. The ongoing expansion in the availability of electronic news material provides immediate access to many diaeerent perspectives on the same news stories. P and PM behave similarly the lines are parallel  , such that partition/merge retains its advantage . The simulator works by artificially generating all possible sensorial input that a robot can face in its working season and the response of each evolving controller is tested for all these situations and fitness is increased each time the response is correct. The regular expression in this example is a sequence of descriptors. Finally  , we present our conclusions and future work in Section 5. This also happens to be the KB that we did more experiments on since it provided more complexity and more representative prob- lems. The pairwise distance function is learned using a random forest. The knowledge offered by a learning object LO i and the prerequisites required to reach that LO are denoted LO i and PR i respectively. On Persons 1  , all three systems performed equally well  , achieving nearly 100 % F-Measure. A phase space represents the predicted sensory effects of chains of actions. This was so we could examine the effects across different search tasks. Moves consist of matching case  , matching whole word  , Boolean operator  , wild card  , and regular expression. We induced a bilingual lexicon from the translated corpus by treating the translated corpus as a pseudo-parallel corpus. where F is a given likelihood function parameterized by θ. We also compute the expected costs and payoffs if the developer examines the generated plausible SPR and Prophet patches in a random order. Knowledge of user search patterns on a search system can be used to improve search performance. We design a Multi-Label Random Forest MLRF classifier whose prediction costs are logarithmic in the number of labels and which can make predictions in a few milliseconds using 10 GB of RAM. In section 3  , we describe in detail the proposed method --improved lexicon-based query term translation  , and compare with the method using a machine translation MT system in CLIR. Edit distance captures the amount of overlap between the queries as sequences of symbols and have been previously used in information retrieval 4  , 14  , 28. One of the ways in which object-oriented programming helps us to do more  , to cope with the everincreasing variety of objects that our programs are asked to manipulate  , is by encouraging the programmer to provide diverse objects with uniform protocol. Hence the cross-axis effect of y-acceleration on the x-axis may be modeled by the least-squares fitting of a secondarder polynomial to the data  , The result of this model is shown in Fig. The purpose is to support the tasks of monitoring  , control  , prognostics  , preventive maintenance  , diagnostics  , corrective maintenance  , and enhancement or engineering improvements. Using Kohonen maps allow the robot to organize the models of the three objects based on its embodiment without the designer's intervention because of the self-organizing characteristic of the map. This can be achieved by extending the basic PLSA to incorporate a conjugate prior defined based on the target paper's abstract and using the Maximum A Posterior MAP estimator . Another popular method is the Partial Least Squares PLS 31 that learns orthogonal score vectors by maximizing the covariance between different multimodal data. The term multi-rate indicates the capability of our model which is able to capture user interests at different granularity  , so that temporal dynamics at different rates can be effectively and jointly optimized. Currently programming is done in terms of files. Such a search engine might retrieve a number of components that contain the word Stack somewhere maybe they use a Stack  , but only very few of them implement the appropriate data structure. Thus the mapping from one we consider the characteristically same configuration of a manipulator. Context features are useful for predicting translation quality. For those ineffective OOV terms LRMIR < 0  , not-translating such terms is beneficial to CLIR performance. To find a near-optimal solution  , we employed the simulated annealing method which has been shown effective for solving combinatorial optimization problems. In blog seed retrieval tasks  , we are interested in finding blogs with relevant and recurring interests for given topics . Listing 1 shows an example query. Probably one of the more important advantages is that generative topographic mapping should be open for rigorous mathematical treatment  , an area where the self- . After that search is carried out among this population. where the learning rate 7lc is usually much greater than the de-learning rate q ,. In this way  , the model is able to learn character level " topic " distribution over the features of both scripts jointly. The query expansion method which uses implicit expansion concept is referred to as IEC. The above equation gives the amount of information a term conveys in a document regardless of its semantic direction . Given this automaton  , we can use dynamic programming to find the most likely state sequence which replicates the data. The user can interact in the 3D domain by physically sliding the 3D Tractus surface up and down in space. Query expansion methods augment the query with terms that are extracted from interests/context of the user so that more personally relevant results can be retrieved. This serves as our baseline for query expansion. All of the correlation values exceed 0.6  , and therefore are statistically highly significant. 9  , originally used for production rule systems  , is an efficient solution to the facts-rules pattern matching problem. Search queries are then accelerated by using that structure. Another possibility to measure the relevance of the covered terms may be reflected by using independent semantic techniques. They use the Discrete Fourier Transform DFT to map a time sequence to the frequency domain  , drop all but the first few frequencies  , and then use the remaining ones to index the sequence using a R*-tree 3 structure. From the language perspective  , although many built-in functions are available  , features such as the remaining XQuery language constructs  , remaining XPath axes  , userdefined function library  , user-defined recursive functions  , and many built-in functions and operators can be done in the future. However  , this paper does not discuss upper bounds and does not define a crawling scheme that sets to download higher quality documents earlier in the crawl. In this section  , we show the effectiveness of our approach for CLIR. 15  proposes a multi-Criteria-based active learning for the problem of named entity recognition using Support Vector Machine. None of the participants looked through more than a couple of search result pages. However   , we have chosen to re-arrange bytes by the sort order of prefixes read right to left. This is another issue that has seen a great deal of exploratory research  , including studies of offices and real desks 6. The following regular expression list is a sample of answer patterns to question type " when_do_np1_vp_np2 " . All the other classes use internal recognize functions. In this paper  , we propose to use CLQS as an alternative to query translation  , and test its effectiveness in CLIR tasks. That is  , RSRepair immediately discards one candidate patch once the patched program fails to pass some test case. Third  , we may also suggest a third cause for the success of the query expansion methods: the relevance assessments themselves. Their results further show that better performance would be obtained from applying imputation techniques. For example  , when doing retrieval from closed caption second row i n T able 10  , doing query expansion from print news yields an average precision of 0.5742  , whereas our conservative query expansion yields only 0.5390  , a noticeable drop. From a statistical language modeling perspective  , meaning of a word can be characterized by its context words. In whatever experiments  , the BCDRW method significantly outperforms the BASIC method. The Fourier coefficients are used as features for the classification. Therefore  , the triple pattern matching operator must be placed in a plan before any of the following operators. Therefore the semantic operation apply -and thus also vwly -is a partial recursive function in every minimally defined model of Q LFINSET. This implies that this procedure line 1-4 can be fully parallelized  , by partitioning the collection into sub-collections. For large graphs like ours  , there are no efficient solutions to determine if two graphs are physically identical . We first point out when we apply deep learning to the problems  , we in fact learn representations of natural language in the problems. Figure 3shows the recursive procedure  , which is based upon depth--rst search. We also presuppose that the search proceeds in the following manner: Thus  , the search time is relatively longer than in a search from a keyword-based database. Additionally  , a subset of the realworld data collection Biocyc 1 that consists of 1763 databases describing the genome and metabolic pathways of a single organism was used. Such a foot would in fact be more like the basilisk lizard than the standard flat circle used in the previous water runner studies. The only method we tested that did not use query-expansion UNCTP performed significantly worse than the others. Finally  , all other numbers are identified with an in-house system based on regular expression grammars. call this distributed out-of-core sort. Damljanovic et al. However  , there have only been a small number of learning experiments with multiple robots to date. Query expansion in source language reserves the room for untranslated terms by including relevant terms in advance. These features are then used in 24 to implement a transformational framework that  , starting from a dedicated programming language  , produces XML data for model checking as well as executable artifacts for testing. Furthermore  , terms are added even if a query expansion does not give good expansion terms. In this paper we introduce a probabilistic information retrieval model. The metric we used for our evaluation is the F1-score. Data is then extracted from this selection using a set of commonly used relevant terms. The main difference with Eq. Therefore  , the likelihood function takes on the values zero and -~-only.  We present an experimental evaluation  , demonstrating that our approach is a promising one. Thus although we anticipate that our qualitative results will prove robust to our specific modeling assumptions  , the relationship between model complexity and best-case predictive performance remains an interesting open question. A basic search allows a search with simple keywords and then the matched results are returned in ranked order. We divide information used for modeling user search intents into two categories – long-term history and short-term context. As rather conventional data structures are provided to program these functions no " trick programming " is required and as dynamic storage allocation and de-allocation is done via dedicated allocation routines /KKLW87/  , this risk seems to be tolerable. A 6-axis force-torque sensor in the robot's hand identifies when the participant has grasped the block to begin the transfer phase of the handover. As boolean retrieval is in widespread use in practice  , there are attempts to find a combination with probabilistic ranking procedures. Therefore   , ranking according to the likelihood of containing sentiment information is expected to serve a crucial function in helping users.  We investigate the relative importance of individual features  , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image  , another where each user has several thousand images  , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. Experimental results show that our approach outperforms the baseline methods and the existing systems. If we only consider this query subset  , mean average precision for the InL2 model is 0.2906 without query expansion  , and with our domainspecific query expansion a MAP of 0.2211  , a relative decrease of -23.9%. For each context pattern and each snippet search engine returned  , select the words matching tag <A> as the answer. Specifically  , in this work  , we propose a multi-rate temporal deep learning model that jointly optimizes long-term and short-term user interests to improve the recommendation quality. A comparison between the two approaches will show the advantages and disadvantages of using probabilistic term translation for CLIR. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , overtraining is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. In §2 we investigate the media studies research cycle. In the rank scoring metric  , method G-Click has a significant p < 0.01 23.37% improvement over method WEB and P-Click method have a significant p < 0.01 23.68% improvement over method WEB. We note that in our setting  , we do not ask directly for rankings because the increased complexity in the task both increases noise in response and interferes with the fast-paced excitement of the game. Fig.4 shows an example of predictive geometrical information display when an endmill is operated manually by an operator using joysticks which are described later. Our sort testbed is able to generate temporally skewed input based on the above model. Feet with folding components on either side which collapsed during retraction experienced a smaller pull out force than similar feet with collapsing components on the front and back. Figure 10: The one-dimension of distribution of the Q­ values when the se ct ions of the Q-value surfaces  , Fig. In the second experiment  , the robot moved along a corridor environment about 60 meters while capturing images under varying illumination conditions  , as shown in Fig. It is ideally suited for data already stored on a distributed file system which offers data replication as well as the ability to execute computations locally on each data node. In other words  , we aggregate the past behavior in the two modalities considered search queries and browsing behavior over a given time period  , and evaluate the predictiveness of the resulting aggregated user profile with respect to behavior occurring in a  sequent period. Suppose we have the variational distribution: Therefore  , we carry out variational EM. Additionally  , we report the results from a recent deep learning system in 38 that has established the new state-of-the-art results in the same setting. The method of simulated annealing provides suck a technique of avoiding local minima. The results show that this new " translation " method is more effective than the traditional query translation method. This section presents the core of CSurf's Context Analyzer module  , that drives contextual browsing. ple sentence to pattern  , and then shows a matching sentence. The random testing phase takes a couple of minutes to reach state=9. The embedding of the word vectors enables the identification of words that are used in similar contexts to a specufic word. Query expansion was both automatic the top 6 expansion terms were automatically added to the query when the user requested more documents  , and interactive. The unstructured bag of word expansion typically needs balanced expansion of most query terms to achieve a reliable performance. Initial template is constructed based on structure of one page and then it is generalized over set of pages by adding set of operators   , if the pages are structurally dissimilar. In this way  , interactive query construction opens the world of structured queries to unskilled users  , who are not familiar with structured query languages  , without actually requiring them to learn such query language. In order to tackle graph containment search  , a new methodology is needed. Text re-use has a number of applications including restatement retrieval 1  , near duplicate detection 2 ,3  , and automatic plagiarism detection 4 ,5. Cost of Search: What does an average search query cost and what does a response contain ? Since the objective − log py decomposes into the sum of the negative log marginals  , we can use stochastic gradient descent with respect to users for training with GPFM. Keyword search in databases has some unique characteristics   , which make the straightforward application of the random walk model as described in previous work 9  , 19  , 27  inadequate. Note that the comparison is fair for all practical purposes  , since the LD- CNB models use only one additional parameter compared to CNB. There is no need for complex sort/merge programs. This also shows that personalized re-ranking of results and query expansion with concept lens label work well. For TREC-7 and TDT-2 we had been using PRISE  , but our interest in trying out Pirkola's technique for CLIR led to our choice of Inquery for CLIR TREC-8. We achieved convergence around 300 trees  , We also optimized the percentage of features to be considered as candidates during node splitting  , as well as the maximum allowed number of leaf nodes. Any search session that cannot be categorized as either a re-finding or an exploratory search session is defined as a single query search for the purpose of this study. Recently  , the authors of 5 showed how the time-honored method of optimizing database queries  , namely dynamic programming 14  , could be cxtcndcd to include both pipelining and parallelism. The two state vectors are concatenated to represent the meaning of the t-th word in the sentence  , i.e. This shows that the image-based techniques are more flexible to data fitting and local inaccuracies of the model than the geometric-based approaches  , which impose a rigid transformation . Thus our idea is to optimize the likelihood part and the regularizer part of the objective function separately in hope of finding an improvement of the current Ψ. A wildcard in a regular expression is associated in the SMA to a transition without a proper label: in other terms  , a transition that matches any signal  , and thus it fires at every iteration. Overall  , search started with random initial hub selection needed to rely on a much larger search scope and full-text hub selection for query routing among the hubs in order to obtain accuracy comparable to that started with interestbased initial hub selection. The input to this pre-condition computation will be a DFA that accepts the attack strings characterized by the regular expression given above. Hummingbird SearchServer 1 is a toolkit for developing enterprise search and retrieval applications. Although the real experiments are encouraging  , still we have a gap between the computer simulation and the real system. In the initial time-step  , the end-to-end output from the encoding procedure is used as the original input into first LSTM layer. A permutation expression is such an example. On the other hand  , there are existing computational engines without scalability or fragmentation problems and with a well-defined computational algebra  , for example  , OLAP 7  , 8  , Statistical 12 and Relational engines. Force sensors are built into HITDLR hand. A key idea of our term ranking approach is that one can generalize the knowledge of expansion terms from the past candidate ones to predict effective expansion terms for the novel queries. For example  , we can think of a query //title as a nondeterministic finite automaton depicted in Figure 8  , and define two structurally recursive functions from the automaton. While randomized  , however  , GAS are by no means a simple random-walk approach. From Table 1  , we see that PLSA extracts reasonable topics . 5.2 Structured search using search engines. Instead of mapping documents into a low-dimensional space  , documents are mapped into a high dimensional space  , but one that is well suited to the human visual system. We examined query expansion by traditional successful techniques  , i.e. So we can proceed from the assumption that visualizing search results taking semantic information into account has a positive effect on the efficiency when assessing search result relevance. In quick search  , users key in search terms in a textbox  , whereas in advanced search they may limit the search also by the type of literature fiction – non-fiction  , author  , title  , keywords  , or other bibliographic information. Search sessions contain unique user identifier and a sequence of records for search actions  , such as queries  , result clicks and search engine switching actions   , which were detected by a browser toolbar or by clicks on a link to open another search engine from the search engine results page. A plethora of literature about cross lingual information retrieval CLIR exists. Thus we argue that the DICT model gives a reasonable baseline. Here  , we adopt the PARAFAC model 4 to carry out further tensor decomposition on the approximate core tensorˆStensorˆ tensorˆS to obtain a set of projection matricesˆPmatricesˆ matricesˆP The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. As in the experiments in search diversity  , the λ parameter in xQuAD and RxQuAD is chosen to optimize for ERR-IA on each dataset. Moreover  , some search engines such as Google or Live.com have started to mix dedicated news search results with the results displayed in the regular search pane i.e. We proposed a formal probabilistic model of Cross-Language Information Retrieval. Only those data points that have a density exceeding the noise threshold before beginning the hill-climbing are assigned to a cluster center. For each interface modeled we created a storyboard that contained the frames  , widgets  , and transitions required to do all the tasks  , and then demonstrated the tasks on the storyboard. The nesting of subqueries makes certain orderings impossible  , whereas merge join is at liberty to sort the inputs as it sees fit. The use of these techniques for document space representation has not been reported In the literature. During the mapping of FMSVs  , the most effective heuristic feature sets are selected to ensure reasonable prediction accuracy. Some groups found that query expansion worked well on this collection  , so we applied the " row expansion " technique described in last year's paper 10. A related approach is multi-query execution rather than optimization. pattern search and substructure search deploy database operators to perform a search  , while some other ones e.g. As 1 mentioned  , collection enrichment is a good strategy to improve the retrieval performances of difficult topics. However  , the current state of the art is confirmed to be Flat-COTE and our next objective is to evaluate whether HIVE-COTE is a significant improvement. The pruning comes in three forms. It has been verified that such a hierarchical learning method works effectively for a centralize d controlled systems  , but the effectiveness of such a distributed controllcd system is not guaranteed. The consideration of RDF as database model puts forward the issue of developing coherently all its database features. These queries had at most 3 required search terms and at most 3 optional search terms. In principle there can be miss/false drop effects on expansion sets. This approach has the advantage of not requiring any hand-coding but has the disadvantage of being very sensitive to the representational choices made by the source on the Semantic Web. This section presents a dynamic programming approach to find the best discretization function to maximize the parameterized goodness function. First we can remark that the imputation accuracies are generally higher than with complete training data 11 . This confirms that the search of CnC is much more directed and deeper  , yet does not miss any errors uncovered by random testing. REFERENCE The result shows that the structure completely supports regular expression functions and the Snort rule set at the frequency of 3.68GHz. Previous studies McCarley  , 1999 suggested that such a combination can improve CLIR performance. Basically  , it shows how often the links with this property appear in the search results list. Property 3 shows that the R M R N   , possesses an elegant recursive property with regard to its structure in a manner similar to the n-cube. To get a weighting function representing the likelihood An exemplary segmentation result obtained by applying this saturation feature to real data is shown in figure 3b. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantial benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. The amount of data collected is a function of the scan density  , often expressed as points per row and column  , and area viewed. For each of the three representative types of the structurally recursive query  , we present the current approach of the XQuery core  , new approaches that exploit the structural function inlining  , and some discus- sion. The NDCG results from the user dependent rating imputation method are shown in Table 2. An attribute condition is a triple specifying a required name  , a required value a string  , or in case the third parameter is regvar  , a regular expression possibly containing some variables indicated by \var  , and a special parameter exact  , substr or regvar  , indicating that the attribute value is exactly the required string  , is a superstring of it  , or matches the given regular expression  , respectively. The optimization yields the optimal path and exploits the available kinematic and actuator redundancy to yield optimal joint trajectories and actuator forces/torques. As documents belonging to each of these groups received by definition similar votes from the view-specific PLSA models  , the voting pattern representing each of these groups is called the cluster signature. Hashtag query expansion with association measure HFB2a. Moreover  , here occurs the question of the evaluation of optimality of the "solution". A key resource for many approaches to cross-language information retrieval CLIR is a bilingual dictionary bidict. Given this observation  , we are interested in the question: is regularized pLSA likely to outperform non-regularized pLSA no matter the value of K we select ? The mapping is done through kernel functions that allow us to operate in the input feature-space while providing us the ability to compute inner products in the kernel space. In evaluations  , we only vary the definition pattern matching module while holding constant all other components and their parameters. Such a paradigm is common in search literature. Finally   , if the effective number of particles �ωt� −2 2 falls below a threshold we stochastically replicate each particle based on its normalized weight. A different approach  , based on stochastic dynamic programming  , was proposed in 6  , 51. It also contains a reference to the policy to which the instance is migrated if the condition evaluates to true. Meanwhile  , because traditional evaluation metrics cannot meet the special requirements of QA communities  , we also propose a novel metric to evaluate the recommendation performance. Recent works have exploited such constraints for query optimization and schema matching purposes e.g. Since the Razumikhin func­ tion can be constructed easily and the additional re­ striction for the system is not required in the pro­ posed recursive design  , an asymptotically stabilizing controller can be explicitly constructed. In this case we require the optimizer to construct a table of compiled query plans. Library and owners can appear as value Lib  , Own  , if both the library and the owners require written permission.  the autocorrelation of the signal. External validity is concerned with generalization. Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q outperforms NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood by a small but statistically significant margin p < 0.001. As mentioned above  , the pattern should skip this substring and start a new matching step. One important application of predictive modeling is to correctly identify the characteristics of different health issues by understanding the patient data found in EHR 6. The intersection is the portion of the query-URL pairs that we have both editorial judgments and the user browsing model estimates . This paper explores the utility of MVERT for exploration and observing multiple dynamic targets. We check every answer's text body  , and if the text matches one of the answer patterns  , we consider the answer text to be relevant  , and non-relevant otherwise. Automatic phrase identification methods have been developed for CLIR environment Ballesteros & Croft  , 1997 . This is an open question and may require further research. The architecture of the autoencoder is shown Fig. A self-organizing feature map consists of a two-dimensional array of units; each unit is connected to n input nodes  , and contains a ndimensional vector Wii wherein i ,j identifies the unit at location Ci ,jJ of the array. Therefore  , we use the LSTM configuration in the subsequent experiments. 6 for large datasets is to use mini-batch stochastic gradient descent. Note that it contains variables that have already been bound by the change pattern matching. The problem of finding the top-k lightest loopless path  , matching a pre-specified pattern  , is NP-hard and furthermore   , simple heuristics and straightforward approaches are unable to efficiently solve the problem in real time see Section 2.3. Games in game theory tend to encompass limited interactions over a small range of behaviors and are focused on a small number of well-defined interactions. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. However  , a slight drop of performance can be observed for high θ values  , because it produces a large number of pattern clusters i.e. In this paper we have introduced a new approach based on the combination of term weighting components  , extracted from well-known information retrieval ranking formulas  , using genetic programming. This joint likelihood function is defined as: 3 is replaced by a joint class distribution for both the labeled samples and the unlabeled samples with high confidence scores. The advantages of STAR-based query optimization are detailed in Loh87. First  , the current best partial solution is expanded its successors are added to the search graph by picking an unexpanded search state within the current policy. RDF triples can also be removed from the knowledge base by providing a statement pattern matching the triples to be deleted delete. The Clarke-Tax mechanism is appealing for several reasons . Similarly  , 16  integrated linkage weighting calculated from a citation graph into the content-based probabilistic weighting model to facilitate the publication retrieval. The probability of observing the central sentence s m ,t given the context sentences and the document is defined using the softmax function as given below. The system takes a new  , untagged post  , finds other blog posts similar to it  , which have already been tagged  , aggregates those tags and recommends a subset of them to the end user. A single search interface is provided to multiple heterogenous back-end search engines. which the other components on this level rely. Next  , we replace the digits in the candidate with a special character and obtain a regular expression feature. A fast computation of the likelihood  , based on the edge distance function  , was used for the similarity measurement between the CAD data and the obtained microscopic image. the original query. To this end  , one can segment user browsing behavior data into sessions  , and extract all " browse → search " patterns. Further implicit query expansion is achieved by inference rules  , and exploiting class hierarchies. To build the DocSpace  , Semantic Vectors rely on a technique called Random Indexing 4  , which performs a matrix reduction of the term-document matrix. The same sets of images and the same searches were used for all subjects  , but each subject carried out a different search on a particular set. Each randomized search used a distinct seed generated from a pseudo-random sequence  , and was limited to one hour of execution time and 2GB of memory  , with the exception of BoundedBuffer. In this way  , we insure that undefined instances will not affect the calculation of the likelihood function. First  , we see that both pLSA and LapPLSA with different resources  can outperform the baseline. To estimate the selectivity of a query path expression using a summarized path tree  , we try to match the tags in the path expression with tags in the path tree to find all path tree nodes to which the path expression leads. Besides these works on optimizer architectures  , optimization strategies for both traditional and " nextgeneration " database systems are being developed. An exact positioning of the borderline between the various groups of similar documents  , however  , is not as intuitively to datarmine as with hierarchical feature maps that are presented above. N is the number of stochastic gradient descent steps. A control cycle is initiated by the Q-learning agent issuing an action which in turn actuates the motors on the scaled model. The novel optimization plan-space includes a variety of correlated and decorrelated executions of each subquery  , using VOLCANO's common sub-expression detection to prevent a blow-up in optimization complexity. will not yield an autonomic computing system unless the elements share a set of common behaviors  , interfaces and interaction patterns that are demonstrably capable of engendering system-level selfmanagement . considered the problem of choosing the production rates of an N-machine Aowshop by formulating a stochastic dynamic programming problem. The final solution to the optimization problem is a setting of the parameters w and a pruning threshold that is a local maximum for the Meet metric. The total number of operations is also proportional to this term because this query can be best run using Sort- Merge joins by always storing the histograms and the auxiliary relations in sorted order. In comparison to Balmin  , Hristidis  , and Papakonstantinou  , 2004 where random walks are used on a document semantic similarity graph  , our work uses the authorship information to enhance keyword search. Since the size of Google's search space is unknown  , we cannot jump to the conclusion that our system outperforms Google's spelling suggestion system. All of the points have the same pattern and this is suitable for a template matching because the points may be able to be extracted through a template matching procedure using only one template. We prepare the experimental data from a search log of a major commercial search engine. When operating in multilingual settings  , it is highly desirable to learn embeddings for words denoting similar concepts that are very close in the shared inter-lingual embedding space e.g. Based on our experiments  , we find that our system enables broad crosslingual support for a wide variety of location search queries  , with results that compare well with the best monolingual location search providers. In the cast of sort-merge joins  , queries could hc divided into small  , medium and large classes hascd on the size of the memory needed for sorting the relations. In fact  , since a protein's sequence is static throughout the course of the simulation  , it is not possible to use a sequence-based representation in such settings. Therefore  , many queries execute selection operations on the base relations before executing other  , more complex operations. Our approach provides a conceptually simple but explanatory model of re- trieval. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: Example. This is a function of three variables: To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. A final problem of particular relevance to the database community is the manifest inability of NLIs to insure semantic correctness of user queries and operations. We also found that adding implicit state information that is predicted by our classifier increases the possibility to find state-level geolocation unambiguously by up to 80%. Then the labeled target language data in At are used to compute the backpropagated errors to tune the parameters in the target language SAE. Similar to the approach shown in Fig- ure 4a  , these weight values are derived from a function of the current position and the distance to the destination position . Bottom-up tree pattern matching has been extensively studied in the area of classic tree pattern matching 12. Their work is similar to the CA-FSM presented in this paper  , but they handle a wider class of queries  , including those with references. This means that This means that the descendants of v h share at least a node with the descendants of v k but they do not belong to the same subtree. The benefit is that it is much safer to incrementally add highly informative but strongly correlated features such as exact phrase match  , match with and without stemming  , etc. For dynamic programming  , we extended ideas presented by entries in the 2001 ICFP programming competition to a real-world markup language and dealt with all the pitfalls of this more complicated language. In summary  , the plan generator considers and evaluates the space of plans where the joins have exactly two arguments . We do this in an automatic way by detecting named entities that can represent temporal queries for performing temporal search experiments. In most applications  , however  , substring pattern matching was applied  , in which an " occurrence " is when the pattern symbols occur contiguously in the text. Model fitting. The speed limitations are expected to be particularly important when planning minimum time paths on undulating terrain. The matching problem is then defined as verifying whether GS is embedded in GP or isomorphic to one or more subgraphs of GP . Related problems have been considered in dynamic game theory  , graph theory  , computational geometry  , and robotics. The -mapping model confirms that this gap does exist in the 4-D space. Query Evaluation: If a query language is specified  , the E- ADT must provide the ability to execute the optimized plan. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. Once the optimization procedure has selected a dig  , it can be mapped back to the joints of the excavator. Our measurements prove that our optimization technique can yield significant speedups  , speedups that are better in most cases than those achieved by magic sets or the NRSU-transformation. How can we generate efficient code for a query like the one shown in Figure 1  , in view of the user-defined recursive function it involves. The development of sensors that utilize self-folding manufacturing techniques and their integration into more complex structures is an important stepping stone in the path towards autonomously assembling machines and robots. 8is to recognize a parameter by pattern matching. The top ranked m collections are chosen for retrieval . Clustered multi-index. Now  , having theoretically grounded – in an ontological key 23 – the initial  , basic notions -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are objects of the continuous and differentiable function of the Universe -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are equally motivated to strive to become better and/or the best I would like to pass on to the problem of the search for information  , having first formulated what information is. Required hardware can be emulated in software on current more powerful computers   , and therefore emulators can reproduce a document's exact appearance and behavior. Machine learning systems treat the SBD task as a classification problem  , using features such as word spelling  , capitalization  , sumx  , word class  , etc. In developing techniques for CLTC  , we want to keep in mind the lessons learned in CLIR. Figure 5ashows how the vector states sr for different ranks r are positioned in the space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . Recently  , Question Answering over Linked Data QALD has become a popular benchmark. CNNs are powerful classifiers due to their ability to automatically learn discriminative features from the input data. This indicates that IMRank is efficient at solving the influence maximization problem via finding a final self-consistent ranking. Third  , we want to extend the modeling scope from a search engine result page to a search session. The probabilistic retrieval model is attractive because it provides a theoretical foundation for the retrieval operation which takes into account the notion of document relevance.  Results: It presents experimental results from SPR and Prophet with different search spaces. Then  , this information is encoded as an Index Fabric key and inserted into the index. Perplexity is a standard measure used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood . The features used for relevance prediction are an extension of those used in the 28. While hyProximity scores best considering the general relevance of suggestions in isolation  , Random Indexing scores best in terms of unexpectedness. In the next Section we discuss the problem of LPT query optimization where we import the polynomial time solution for tree queries from Ibaraki 841 to this general model of  ,optimization. To bootstrap this rst training stage  , an initial state-level segmentation was obtained by a Viterbi alignment using our last evaluation system. For text categorization  , 90% of the data were randomly selected as the training set while the other 10% were used for testing. Ten experiments were performed with each of the two divisions. The method is based on: i a semantic relevance function acting as a kernel to discover the semantic affinities of heterogeneous information items  , and ii an asymmetric vector projection model on which semantic dependency graphs among information items are built and representative elements of these graphs can be selected. Table 2 summarizes results obtained by conc-PLSA  , Fusion- LM and voted-PLSA averaged over five languages and 10  ferent initializations. The workshops are well prepared  , and innovative brainstorming and problem solving methods are used. We found that dynamic programming technique performs relatively well by itself. 0 Theorem 2.1 is a rather negative result  , since it implies that queries might require time which is exponential in the size of the db-graph  , not only the regular expression   , for their evaluation. Therefore  , it is important to locate interesting and meaningful relations and to rank them before presenting them to the user. These candidate phrases could eventually turn out to be true product names. We combined MPF and a heat-sensitive shrinking film to self-fold structures by applying global heat. Extraction generates minimal nonoverlapping substrings. For the experiments reported below  , a greedy method was used  , with replacements retained in order of decreasing probability until a preset threshold on the cumulative probability was first exceeded. Here we propose to learn the affirmative and negated word embedding simultaneously . Our approach to the second selection problem has been discussed elsewhere6 ,7. Kuo and Chen propose an approach that utilizes a controlled vocabulary from cross-document co-reference chains for event clus- tering 17  , 18. In the current version of IRO-DB  , the query optimizer applies simple heuristics to detach subqueries that are sent to the participating systems. In particular  , we obtain the following result: For small values of σ k   , we can use a Taylor expansion to approximate the value of the above dynamic programming problem. Those were the 15 queries that used random values in their search clauses. The final permutation 41352 represents the sort order of the five tokens using last byte most significant order  , and can be used as input to future calls to permute. cur i u can be viewed as a curiousness score mapped from an item's stimulus on the curiosity distribution. For evaluation purposes the accuracy of predicted location is used. The rationale of using M codebooks instead of single codebook to approximate each input datum is to further minimize quantization error  , as the latter is shown to yield significantly lossy compression and incur evident performance drop 30  , 3. Set NEXTcompriijes all functions In order to develop such supervisors we will construct a recursive function supervisor parameterized by functions next E NEXT. In this section  , we describe the approach we have adopted for addressing the CLIR problem. As fundamental function of GPS receivers  , not only its position measurement data hut also measurement indexes such as DOP Dilution Of Precision  , the number of satellites etc are available from the receiver. ing e.g. RQ3: Do the word embedding training heuristics improve the ranking performance  , when added to the vanilla Skip-gram model ? Sort/merge-joins and sort-based aggregations can also be used to execute join/group-by queries. SARSOP also uses a dynamic programming approach  , but it is significantly more efficient by using only a set of sampled points from B. In Section 2  , we provide background information on term-weighting components and genetic programming. The Social Intelligence BenchMark SIB 11  is an RDF benchmark that introduces the S3G2 Scalable Structure-correlated Social Graph Generator for generating social graphs that contain certain structural correlations. Blog post opinion retrieval aims at developing an effective retrieval function that ranks blog posts according to the likelihood that they are expressing an opinion about a particular topic. As will be shown  , this results in a simple highly generalisable model fitting the majority of the data. Given a topic relevance score  , for each query  , the score of each retrieved document in the baseline is given by the above exponential function f rank with the parameter values obtained in the fitting procedure. This property can be viewed as the contraction of the phase space around the limit cycle. UNIX editing system  , embedding within the text of the reports certain formatting codes. When k increases  , the optimal b becomes negative . The exponents A 1 and X2 are weights  , and were chosen experimentally. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : The basic problem is then to limit combinatorial explosion while deducinc knowledge. A randomly chosen anonymous set of people doing search on the W3C website are presented with the W3C Semantic Search instead of the regular search results. As for those with complex answer patterns  , we try to locate answer candidates via partial pattern matching. Section 2 presents an overview of the works carried out in the field of CLIR systems. Therefore  , the resulting specification automaton is not going to correspond to a minimal specification in the set F φ T   , in general. In the following  , we investigate three different  , theoretically motivated methods for predicting retrieval quality i.e. However  , it is relatively more difficult for global variables as aliasing has to be considered to identify global variable related def-use relations  , and path reduction is not that helpful for global variables; 2 the source operands of the overflowed integer operations are from trusted sources or constants  , but the overflowed data in the two versions with different precisions did have different values at sinks; 3 IntEQ failed to recognized some benign IOs for hashing  , where the data flow paths involve recursive function calls or cross over different object files. The indexing relation is of the kind defined in IOTA Ker84In this chapter we present  , first  , the query language structure. The recency-based query-expansion approach described in Section 3.2 scores candidate expansion terms based on their degree of co-occurrence with the original query-terms in recent tweets. A possibility is to create a regular expression using the recipes as examples. In this study  , we will therefore explore a third alternative. To retrieve better intention-conveying pictograms using a word query  , we proposed a semantic relevance measure which utilizes interpretation words and frequencies collected from a web survey. It means that outside users can never make sure which one of k property values an entity e is certainly associated with  , except when they are be able to exclude k − 1 values from them using some external knowledge . Experiments have been performed on a MIDI song database with a given ground truth for chords. If the general shape of the object is fit to some simple surface  , it should be possible to add the details of fine surface features using a simple data structure. By using our proposed system  , an mobile robot autonomously acquires the fine behaviors how to move to the goal avoiding moving multiobstacles using the steering and velocity control inputs  , simultaneously. Results for such queries are shown in column TLC-O for the second group of queries q1-q2. All these experiments have like ours  , been done on the CACM document collection and the dependencies derived from queries were then used in a probabilistic model for retrieval. Since XQuery does not support regular path expressions  , the user must express regular path expressions by defining user-defined structurally recursive functions. Here the search engine was initially IBM's TSE search engine  , later replaced with IBM's GTR search engine  , and the database was DB2. By allowing models to be written declaratively or imperatively using simple data types as well as relations  , the programmer can concentrate more on writing the model and less on struggling with the limited expressiveness of the tool. In the area of Semantic Query Optimization  , starting with King King81  , researchers have proposed various ways to use integrity constraints for optimization. Our choice is based on previous studies that showed Random Forests are robust to noise and very competitive regarding accuracy 9. We found that though our method gives results that are quite similar to the baseline case when prediction is done in 6 h before the event  , it gives significantly better performance when prediction is done 24 h and 48 h before the events. If a function approximator is used to learn the policy  , value  , or Q function inadequate exploration may lead to interference during learning  , so correct portions of the policy are actually degraded during learning. Overall  , hill-climbing helps us reducing overlapping facets without losing much coverage of target articles. The main idea is to keep the same machinery which has made syntactic search so successful  , but to modify it so that  , whenever possible  , syntactic search is substituted by semantic search  , thus improving the system performance. We will use support vector machine classification and term-based representations of comments to automatically categorize comments as likely to obtain a high overall rating or not. We calculate these metrics for both the fitted model and the actual data  , and compare the results. DB2 has separate parsers for SQL and XQuery statements   , but uses a single integrated query compiler for both languages. 1 Sponsored search refers to the practice of displaying ads alongside search results whenever a user issues a query. The keyword given by the user can be a query for integrated search to provide a mixed search result of Web and TV programs. Hill climbing has the potential to get stuck in a local minimum or freeze  , so stopping heuristics are required. In this experiment  , we will only keep the good expansion terms for each query. The information about the grasp quality was delivered from ROS' own grasp planning tool  , which uses a simulated annealing optimization to search for gripper poses relative to the object or cluster 27. One explanation for these features not helping in our experiments may have been due to over-fitting the model on the relatively small data set. The lowdimensionality of the embeddings as compared to vector space models hundreds instead of millions make them an elegant solution to address lexical sparsity in settings with very few labels Turian et al. the action-value in the Q-learning paradigm. In order to distinguish the work between merging the sort keys and returning the sorted records to the host  , the data sites do not send sorted records to the host site until all the sort keys have been sent to the merge sites. The first and simplest heuristic investigates estimates of search engine's page counts for queries containing the artist to be classified and the country name. In general  , the quality of solutions increases with density. First  , the difference of the number of modules and the number of overlapping modules of any two configurations with the same number of modules defined as overlap metric in Section 3 is considered. The autoencoder tries to minimize Eq. An Agent-Based Simulation model is regarded as a Multi-Agent System MAS  , which is a system composed of multiple interacting intelligent agents. and at singular points of codimension 1. provided vector U has components outside the column space of the Jacobian. Given a problem  , the basic idea behind genetic programming 18 is to generate increasingly better solutions of the given problem by applying a number of genetic operators to the current population . By creating a separate relation for every spec field  , Squander solves all these problems: whatever abstraction function is given to a spec field  , it will be translated into a relational constraint on the corresponding relation  , and Kodkod will find a suitable value for it. 0 Motion prediction. Very few terms were added through the interactive query expansion facility. In the CLR  , the privilege-asserting API is Assert. The procedure commences with initial support and confidence threshold values  , describing a current location   in the base plane of the playing area. For multidimensional index structures like R-trees  , the question arises what kind of ordering results in the tree with best search performance. For BSBM we executed the same ten generated queries from each category  , computed the category average and reported the average and geometric mean over all categories. Now we will give some detailed discussions on the imputation strategy ϕ and the distance function δ. The third interaction module that we implemented is a rhythmic phrase-matching improvisation module. We use simple heuristics to separate acronyms from non-acronym entity names. Rather  , it uses the scoring function of the search engine used to rank the search results. Since they do not intervene in the workings of the search engine  , they can be applied to any search engine. The tool implementation of MATA has been extended to include matching of any fragments using AGG as the back-end graph rule execution engine. Hence other search mechanisms like random search and exhaustive search would take inordinate time 20. Yahoo Knowledge Graph is a knowledge base used by Yahoo to enhance its search engine's results with semantic-search information gathered from a wide variety of sources. The projective contour points of the 3-D CAD forceps in relation to the pose and gripper states were stored in a database. However   , while the word embeddings obtained at the previous step should already capture important syntactic and semantic aspects of the words they represent  , they are completely clueless about their sentiment behaviour. The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. 58.6% online stage -with a mean of 16 presearch elicitation per search  , a mean of 23 or-dine elicitation per search  , and a mean of 39 total elicitation per search. We next present our random forest model. Unfortunately  , it is difficult to provide even limited programming capabilities to developers without exposing them to the full complexity of these Turing-complete languages and their associated data models e.g. The s ,pecification of the optimizer example includes the definition of two tree types: initial representing the abstract syntax of the source language with no embedded attributes on any abstract syntax tree node  , and live representing the abstract syntax of the source language with live on exit facts embedded in do state- ments. To answer this question  , we compare users' search behavior in the initial query of a session with that in subsequent query reformulations. The torque-based function measured failure likelihood and force-domain effects; the acceleration-based function measured immediate failure dynamics; and the swing-angle-based function measured susceptibility to secondary damage after a failure. This gave us positive examples search historyonset  and negative examples search historyno onset  , one example per user. We employ simulated annealing  , a stochastic optimization method to segregate these shapes and find the method to be fairly accurate. Unlike these continuous space language models 30  , 31  , CLSM can project multi-word variable length queries into the embedding space. A pattern matched in a relevant web page counts more than one matched in a less relevant one. Moreover  , the MI can be represented via Shannon entropy  , which is a quantity of measuring uncertainty of random variables  , given as follows It is straightforward that the MI between two variables is 0 iff the two variables are statistically independent. If the precomputations would have to be run often  , we suggest not using the precomputations and instead running the Dijkstra search in AFTERGOAL with an unsorted array Section IV-B.1. PROOF: By reduction from the problem of deciding whether a regular expression does not denote 0'  , which is shown to be NP-complete in StMe731. The ideas presented here are complimentary to some early ideas on task level programming of dynamic tasks 2 ,1  , but focus instead on how collections of controllers can be used to simplify the task of programming the behavior of a generic mechanism. For example  , if the question category is COUNTRY  , then a regular expression that contains a predefined list of country names is fetched  , and all RegExp rewriting is applied to matches. We are building our theory by fii defining the concepts of higher level theories or formalisms in terms of our primitives and then proving their properties mechanically. We therefore evaluate the temporal correlation and the two derivative models by comparing 1 the quality of the summaries generated from these models and 2 their utility towards finding additional tweets from the tweet sample that are related to the event and yet do not contain the keywords from the original queries. However  , the imputation performance of HI is unstable when the missing ratio increases. We have pursued and implemented our approach because it has several crucial advantages. Learning. It shows PLSA can capture users' interest and recommend questions effectively. Our method outperforms the three baselines  , including method only consider PMI  , surface coverage or semantic similarity Table 2: Relevance precision compared with baselines. Many problems related to the folding and unfolding of polyhedral objects have recently attracted the attention of the computational geometry community 25. None of these tools are integrated with an interactive development environment  , nor do they provide scaffolding for transformation construction. These search results were then presented in random order to the disambiguation system.