The former one classifies the candidate documents into vital or non-vital    , yet the latter one classifies them into relevant vital + useful  or irrelevant unknown + non-referent. To the former we owe the concept of a relevance model: a language model representative of a class of relevant documents. Related Work
There is a growing interest in the development of text applications using DBMS technology. A. As a result    , the precision/recall values are much lower than the results of human evaluation. To encourage diversity in those replicated particles    , we select a small number of documents 10 in our implementation from the recent 1000 documents    , and do a single MCMC sweep over them    , and then finally reset the weight of each particle to uniform. In order to ensure that some of the candidates are better than the production ranker    , the relevant documents have a higher chance to be promoted to top than the irrelevant ones. We then feed this profile to our models and compare the suggestions to the actual ratings that the user provided using the Pearson productmoment correlation coefficient 
An Attempt to Evaluate via a User Study
Runs and Results
We submitted two runs to the TREC 2013 Contextual Suggestion Track. The experimental results on three real-world datasets show our proposed method performs a better top-K recommendation than baseline methods. Deep Learning with Bottom-Up Transfer
To ensure good generalization abilities in transfer learning    , a shared middle-level feature abstraction is first learned in an unsupervised pre-training and a supervised fine-tuning from both the source and target domains    , in which W is optimized. This would require extending the described techniques    , and creating new QA benchmarks. In future the mediator should also use a OWL-DL reasoner to infer additional types for subject nodes specified in the query pattern. We contrast our prediction technique that leverages social cues and image content features with simpler methods that leverage color spaces    , intensity    , and simple contextual metrics. It uses dynamic programming to compute optimal alignment between two sequences of characters. Future work will produce finer grained models specific to the methods applicable to XP and Dynamic Systems Development Method    , APs with substantial records of successful industrial application    , which will then be mapped to software risk elements. We focused on the problem of opinion topic relatedness and we showed that using proximity information of opinionated terms to query terms is a good indicator of opinion and query-relatedness. Intmduction
We consider the following dependency inference problem: 
Given a relation r    , fii a set of functional dependencies that logically determines all the functional dependencies holding in r. 
The problem area of lnferrlng general rules from instances of data has become popularly lcno%i as muchine learning MCM83    , MCM861 or knowfedpe acouisifion. adjusted Pearson correlation method as a friendship measure. , w k p  is given by w k = K −1/2 e k S . The task is to estimate the relevance of the image and the query for each test query-image pair    , and then for each query    , we order the images based on the prediction scores returned by our trained ranking model. We want to semantify text by assigning word sense IDs to the content words in the document. Given that our system is trained off this data    , we believe we can drastically improve the performance of our system by identifying the blog posts have been effectively tagged    , meaning that the tags associated with the post are likely to be considered relevant by other users. The model can be directly used to derive quantitative predictions about term and link occurrences. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. Next    , we used Alchemy 2 to generatively learn the weights of our base MLN using the evidence data. Although the most popular is still undoubtedly the vector space model proposed by Salton 
BACKGROUND
In this section we present the term-weighting components used in our approach and a brief review of some concepts of Genetic Programming. We generalize the random effects model in Eq. The shakwat group University of Paris 8 experimented with a random-walk approach using a space built using semantic indexing    , and containing the blog posts    , as well as the headlines    , in a window around the date of the topic. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features    , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. It is therefore common practice in information retrieval and multimedia databases to use numeric scores in the interval ë0  ,1ë to model user interests ë6    , 5    , 7ë. Resolution was set to 1024x768. Finally    , the time complexity of IMRank is OnT dmax log dmax    , where T is the number of iterations IMRank takes before convergence. The final output of the forest is a weighted sum of the class distributions output by all of the trees in the forest. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN AND RESULT
 Since this paper focuses on the recommendation in ecommerce sites    , we collect a dataset from a typical e-commerce website    , shop.com    , for our experiments.   , learning to rank for Microblog retrieval and answer reranking for Question Answering. For the entropybased LSH method    , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset.   , ridge regularization method. But these tools were not consistent in terms of software design    , implementation language or user interface. Related Models
The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. The idea behind the method is relatively simple    , but the effective use of it is not. Besides its advantages in learning efficiency and accuracy    , our approach has one other important benefit specific to the Web. Drop-Out: we concatenate q0 with the whole context while leave-one-out each context sentence    , one at a time    , i.e. We have shown very competitive results relative to the LETOR-provided baseline models. Specifically    , we use Clickture as " labeled " data for semantic queries and train the ranking model. For QALD-4 dataset    , it was observed that 21 out of 24 queries with their variations were correctly fitted in NQS. Next we describe how to derive a coordinate-ascentstyle optimization procedure to fit these two components. This section describes how this has been achieved in the Advanced Information Management Prototype For the user    , the most obvious solution to the query: Find all properties such that the length of the boundary is larger than a certain value    , would be to define a function 'get-length' which computes the length of a boundary and then use this function in the following  These types need some explanations: Since PAS- CAL like many other programming languages does not support dynamic arrays    , " special solutions " have to be used to overcome the problems of representing variable long lists or sets. This characterizes the level of noise inherent in an n-gram indexing scheme; the significance of a particular similarity measure value could be described as the number of standard deviations it falls above the mean of the noise distribution. Therefore    , we need to deal with potentially infinite number of related learning problems    , each for one of the query q ∈ Q. Experiment Design: This study used a within-subject design. In this example    , P-DBSCAN forms better clusters since it takes local density into account. The most popular choices for pooling operation are: max and average pooling. Here    , we propose a semantic relevance measure which outputs relevancy values of each pictogram when a pictogram interpretation is given. Are ties effective for enhancing the performance of the ranking functions  ? Therefore    , by modeling both types of dependencies we see an additive effect    , rather than an absorbing effect. The weights tried were: w = 1 no upweighting    , w = 5    , and w = 6. Most steps just move the point of the simplex where the objective value is largest highest point to a lower point with the smaller objective value. If this assertion is true    , than one can use a much less dense matrix instead of the full X to achieve the same goal    , and significantly reduce the mapping time because the computation in d x X is proportional to the number of non-zero elements in matrix X and vector d 
Conclusions
 To conclude the study in this paper    , noise and redundancy reduction is proposed and evaluated in the LLSF approach to documentto-categones mapping    , at the levels of words    , word combinations    , and word-category associations. Also    , when the standardised server is in place real    , strongly typed links via dynamic linking or interpretation could profitably be considered. This procedure resembles the one used in 
Fitting the Model Parameters Θ
This step fixes the epoch segmentation Λ and adopts stochastic gradient ascent to optimize the regularized log-likelihood in Eq. Hence we restrict our attention to perturbation vectors ∆ with δi ∈ {−1    , 0    , 1}. We are interested in answering the question about the space requirements    , search time and search quality trade-offs for different LSH methods. ln the experiments reported in this paper we have also incremented document scores by some factor but the differences between our experiment and Croft's work are the methods used for identifying dependencies from queries    , and the fact that syntactic information from document texts sentence a.nd phrase boundaries is used in our work. CONCLUSIONS
In this paper    , we propose to establish an automatic conversation system between humans and computers. We used a mixed method approach to develop a thorough picture of existing practices around social learning and the impact of So.cl. Similar schemata could be derived using a method described by G. VEILLON 
Using this transition scheme    , we obtain from VVV 
proc mod = nat a    , nat b na__t _t : 
Fvar nat r := a    , var nat dd :
r  
 This is the usual program for division using binary number representation cf. There were a total of 106 bilingual aspects from 36 topics that met this requirement excluding the All Others categories. Assuming an industrial setting    , long-term attention models that include the searcher's general interest in addition to the current session context can be expected to become powerful tools for a wide number of inference tasks. Our second model RBM takes a step further and exploit the correlations among individual passages in a Restricted Boltzmann Machine framework. Finally    , we reiterated the importance of choosing expansion terms that model relevance    , rather than the relevant documents and showed how LCE captures both syntactic and query-side semantic dependencies. Our approach is compared to two commonly used weighting schemes: the inverse user frequency IUF 
3 How is the weighted memory-based approach compared to other approaches  ? Empirical studies have shown that our new weighting scheme can be incorporated to improve the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method substantially under many different configurations. Finally    , to predict ratings for a test user    , the computed weights are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as described in Section 3. Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels    , product classes    , properties    , value instances    , and top-level classes for each product ontology. Experimental Environment
We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 
Distribution of Co-reference in Linked Data
Some research implies that co-reference follows a power law distribution 
Experimental Settings
We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator    , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method. The replicated examples were used both when fitting model parameters and when tuning the threshold. The first independent model IND assumes that the relevance of a specific top-ranked passage si is independent of the relevance of any other passage in s. We use the logistic function to model the relevance of a passage. Request permissions from permissions@acm.org. dynamic programming    , greedy    , simulated annealing    , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 
Extendibility
As anticipated    , to meet the extensibility and maintainability requirement previously identified the VDL Generator is    , by design    , composed of three parts: the search strategy    , the logical components and their search space    , the physical components and their search space. For the time being    , we execute both user defined functions and normal DBMS code within the same address space. , projection    , duplicate elimination that have no influence on the emptiness of the query output. The steps of RaPiD7 method are presented in 
1. Preparation 
Invitation 
Kick
Related work
Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist    , too. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index    , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. KLSH-Weight: We evaluate the mAP performance of all kernels on the training set    , calculate the weight of each kernel w.r.t. Fitting the Fashion Epoch Segmentation Λ
 Given the model parameters Θ    , this step finds the optimal segmentation of the timeline to optimize the objective in Eq. We suggested why classical models with their explicit notion of relevance may potentially be more attractive than models that limit queries to being a sample of text. CONCLUSIONS
 This paper investigated a framework of Multi-Kernel Locality- Sensitive Hashing by exploring multiple kernels for efficient and scalable content-based image retrieval. Introduction 
Over the last years    , the Marktoberdorf Summer School has been a place where people tried to uncover the mysteries of programming. In all cases    , the first constraint is timed q 
    , tmax    , and the second constraint is 
FEATURES
In this section    , we present features used for learning a ranking model for related news predictions. We then proposed different aspects for characterizing reference quality    , including context coherence    , selection clarity    , and reference relevance with respect to the selection and the context.  F 1 -measure: the weighted harmonic mean of precision and recall. One possible solution is that in the presence of set intersection    , Transformation T 1 does not drop projection operators. Our hypothesis was that a cluster of documents that shared a tag should be more similar than a randomly selected set of documents. We have fit our model to the goals of WORLDCUP. Applying 
the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. It is believed that there is no further sophistication to this representation    , but within the confines of the investigation    , it was not possible to determine this for certain~. In order to improve the quality of opinion extraction results    , we extracted the title and content of the blog post for indexing because the scoring functions and Lucene indexing engine cannot differentiate between text present in the links and sidebars of the blog post. 9 
 By selecting the mean squared error MSE as loss    , the loss function can be expressed as: 
min B  ,Θ ||B fWX − Y|| 2 + λ1 2 K k=1 ||β k − θ parentk || 2 + λ2 2 ||Θ|| 2 . A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function    , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. Studies may range from experimental evaluations testing particular system features to large-scale surveys on users and usage patterns. If the friendship measure is larger than the threshold    , the friend ID with its rating information is sent back to the target peer. are images from " difficult " topics more difficult to judge  ?. In our study    , we choose cosine similarity due to its simplicity. Since SGML provides a document exchange model rather than a general purpose data model 
Basic SGML Constructs
 Standard Generalized Mark-up Language SGML is an international stan- dard 
line 15 indicates that the corresponding elements actor line 7 and place line 14 have no content    , when these attributes have values. First    , the basic Skip-gram model is extended by inserting a softmax layer    , in order to add the word sentiment polarity. -.064
DISCUSSION & CONCLUSION
Our experiment aimed primarily to devise a multidimensional definition of 'alignment.' The support vector machine then learns the hyperplane that separates the positive and negative training instances with the highest margin. The multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 and reduces that of the entropy-based approach by a factor of 5 to 8. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects    , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces    , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. This is appropriate for drawing conclusions about differences between systems    , but it does not tell us anything about reusability . Semantic Relevance Measure
 We identified ambiguities in pictogram interpretation and possible issues involved in the usage of such pictograms in communication. For the multi-probe LSH method    , we have implemented both step-wise probing and query-directed probing. Given a human-issued message as the query    , our proposed system will return the corresponding responses based on a deep learning-to-respond schema. This means in practice that a person uses approximately a day to finalize the work. Our random forest is composed of binary trees and a weight associated with each tree. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. She loads the OWL file in OntoPartS    , and proceeds to select two entities to be related    , as shown in 
Preliminary Experimental Assessment of OntoPartS
The main objectives of the experiments are to assess usability of the tool and to validate the hypothesis that the use of automated guidelines assists with representation of part-whole relations between classes during the ontology design phase such that it can be done more efficiently and with less errors. Finally    , we assessed our random forest model Sec. Whereas LIF well supported recall    , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin    , particularly in terms of purity    , precision    , and rand index. This is desirable for those applications where users care more about hot spots in the data set. We achieved convergence around 300 trees    , We also optimized the percentage of features to be considered as candidates during node splitting    , as well as the maximum allowed number of leaf nodes. Based on this    , we analyze how users differed in their formulation of specific queries. What is the quality of the mappings  ? On the face of it    , one might not expect much of a difference; after all    , why would teachers use different criteria or weigh identical criteria differently depending on whether they are evaluating curricula they are searching for themselves or evaluating curricula recommended by others. These test collections are meant to be portable    , reusable    , statistically powerful    , and open to anyone that wishes to work on the problem of retrieval over sessions. We note that during our research we also trained our random forest using the query words directly    , instead of their mapped clusters. We present experimental results on large-scale datasets using four different setups: 1. the INEX benchmark 
 Our experiments demonstrate both the system's efficiency and its expressiveness and search result quality. CONCLUSIONS AND FUTURE WORK
We have described the design and implementation of HearSay    , an audio Web browser system. Because the denominator holds the maximum entropy and normalized entropy is subtracted from 1    , F falls in the range 
Sσ i     , σ j  = σ i · σ j σ i σ j 2 
 Because facts cannot have negative frequencies    , similarities are in the range 
Styles    , Institutions and Reproduction 
 Cultural Reproduction: Styles are mechanisms of reproduction of focus. Each of these macro parts can be changed independently. with the task model as the experimental system. This transcription was designated " B2 " in the official NIST TREC-8 SDR documentation and " B1 " in the corresponding TREC-9 SDR documentation. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski    , Oula Heikkinen    , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
This material is based on work supported in part by the Library of Congress and Department of Commerce under cooperative agreement number EEC-9209623    , in part by SPAWARSYSCEN-SD grant number N66001-99-1-8912    , and in part by the Advanced Research and Development Activity in Information Technology ARDA under its Statistical Language Modeling for Information Retrieval Research Program    , contract number MDA904-00-C-2106. Our official submission    , however    , was based on the reduced document model in which text between certain tags was indexed. Datasets: We focus on the Gov2 dataset that has 25 million documents and 150 queries 
x i −minx i  maxx i −minx i  
where minxi and maxxj are the minimum and maximum values respectively of xi for all documents in the same query. We use the L2 i.e. Finally    , the unnormalized importance weight for particle f     , ω f after td is updated as
ω f ← ω f P xtd|z f td     , s f td     , x1:t−1    , 
7 
 which has the intuitive explanation that the weight for particle f is updated by multiplying in the marginal probability of the new observation xtd    , which we compute from the last 10 samples of the MCMC sweep over a given document. LIB is similar in spirit to IDF and its value represents the discriminative power of the term when it appears in a document. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . This toleration factor reflects the inherent resolving limitation of a given relevance scoring function    , and thus within this toleration factor    , the ranking of documents can be seen as arbitrary. Each metric captures a unique aspect of the classifier's performance. For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers    , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. A holistic approach for finding optimal plans based on Iterative Dynamic Programming IDP 
Future Work
Other future work will be the support for DESCRIBE-queries and IRIs as subjects. Also    , as discussed in 
Experimental method
There were two goals for the experiments. Then    , two paralleled embedding layers are set up in the same embedding space    , one for the affirmative context and the other for the negated context    , followed by their loss functions. Such an approach might not fully explore the power of multiple kernels. There are now over two dozen of these collections    , and they have been distributed widely by the United Nations and other non government agencies 
Weaknesses
Many experimental interfaces have been built for Greenstone    , some of which make use of a CORBA-based protocol to support distributed client-server in-teraction. , yN  ∈ R K×N 
1 
where W and B need to be optimized in the subsequent transfer deep learning procedures. Performing a similarity search query on an LSH index consists of two steps: 1 using LSH functions to select " candidate " objects for a given query q    , and 2 ranking the candidate objects according to their distances to q. As shown in 
CONCLUSIONS
 This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. ,Q~    ,  ~_ KoQ ~ Zfl2t ~-Kad 2 
where K = t o t a l number of stems recognised and a denotes the standard deviation    , We also have 
E  ,Q  ,d    , " K covariance Q    , d 
Hence    , which is the Pearson product-moment correlation of Q and d. In other words    , the vector space computation is used because it approximates the correlation computation when the vectors are sparse enough. We use this measure in a similar way to the authors in 
Homogeneity
Another important measure of the social diversity of a place is the extent to which its visitors are homogeneous in their characteristics . INTRODUCTION
Stemming is one of many tools used in information retrieval to combat the vocabulary mismatch problem    , in which query words do not match document words. However    , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic    , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory    , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. First    , with similar query times    , the query-directed probing sequence requires significantly fewer hash tables than the step-wise probing sequence. We use a between-groups design with participants randomly assigned to one of three experimental conditions:  Group Gexp high : this experimental group receives highquality query suggestions in the training phase which were predicted to be e↵ective in the user perceptions study Section 4.2. We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space    , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. The latter problem is trivial    , as users tend to have very few pinboards per category 
Category prediction
We design a multi-class Random Forest classifier 7 to learn which category a user will repin a given image into. Thus    , our solution successfully combines together two traditionally important aspects of IR: unsupervised learning of text representations word embeddings from neural language model and learning on weakly supervised data. , 
κ = m l=1 1 m κ l     , 
 and adopts this combined kernel for KLSH. Because linguistic biases are mitigated by the communicative context    , we might expect collaborative biographies created in a more anonymous communication environment     , such as IMDb    , to suffer less from linguistic bias    , where the social identity of the biography's subject is the primary trigger for LIB and LEB. Results: Numeric Data
We used the numeric data properties of the City class from DBpedia divided into 10 data sources to test our approach on numeric data. This last point may be illustrated by considering the results of term weighting experiments carried out recently by Christopher Buckley at Cornell 
Univ~rsity. The experiment simulates real-world tasks in a real-world interface. This click model is consisted of a horizontal model H Model that explains the skipping behavior    , a vertical model D Model that depicts the vertical examination behavior    , and a relevance model R Model that measures the intrinsic relevance between the prefix and a suggested query. We are currently investigating techniques to identify these effectively tagged blog posts and hope to incorporate it into future versions of TagAssist. Evaluation Datasets
We have used two datasets in our evaluation. While videogames represent an important part of our cultural and economic landscape    , deep theory development in the field of Game Studies    , particularly theory related to creativity    , is lacking. We can estimate Px from the collection as: ~fxd d for all z n-grams X ~" 
Under ~h~ fame assumptions as above    , the variance of S is: 
axPx2+Nd 3 VARSd  ,e=NdNeE + Ne-2 E a P X X X X Nd+Ne-l  E x y~x axayPx2py2 4 Nd+Ne-l  E a P X X X 
With a multlnomial model of text and given n-gram probabilities    , 
one can thus 
predict the expected value and the variance of a similarity measure computed for a random pair of text items. We experiment the extension in different setups    , results show that CyCLaDEs reduces significantly the load on LDF server. For example    , if the query is " night "     , relevant pictograms are first selected using the highest semantic relevance value in each pictogram    , and once candidate pictograms are selected    , the pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category    , which in this case is the TIME category. The encoding procedure can be summarized as: 
H conv = CharCN N T  6 ht = LST M gt    , ht−1 7 
where g = H conv is an extracted feature matrix where each row can be considered as a time-step for the LSTM and ht is the hidden representation at time-step t. LSTM operates on each row of the H conv along with the hidden vectors from previous time-step to produce embedding for the subsequent time-steps. The experiments show that with our estimate of the relevance model    , classical probabilistic models of retrieval outperform state-of-the-art heuristic and language modeling approaches. The particulars of how this assignment procedure works is the experimental design    , and it can substantially affect the precision with which we can estimate δ. In early years    , researchers have investigated into task-oriented conversation systems 
RELATED WORK
Conversation Systems
Early work on conversation systems is generally based on rules or templates and is designed for specific domains 
 Unlike previous work    , we conduct a novel study of retrievalbased automatic conversation systems with a deep learning-torespond schema via deep learning paradigm. Without the users the method would merely be a theory. Six different images were shown to the participant for each topic    , the images varied for each combination of size and relevance    , for that topic. Search terms can easily be highlighted in found documents if they are presented using the internal representation; otherwise some word-by-word positional mapping back to the original may be needed. General Interest Model
The general interest model captures the user's interests in terms of categories e.g. Entity Mapping: 
The basic operation here is to retrieve the knowledge base entity matching the spotted query desire    , query input and their relation. The experimental design of the track was similar to that of the previous three years 
For the 2014 track    , sessions were obtained from workers on Amazon's Mechanical Turk. Moreover    , IMRank always works well with simple heuristic rankings    , such as degree    , strength. Together with the self-learning knowledge base    , NRE makes a deep injection possible. TREC Text REtrieval Conference 
EVALUATING OBJECT RETRIEVAL
 The broad class of search technologies that exploit semantic data encodings are often called semantic search systems 
Ad-Hoc Object Retrieval
Arriving at a common evaluation methodology requires the definition of a shared task that is accepted by the community as the one that is most relevant to potential applications of the field. The first is the object model of an E-commerce system adopted from Lau and Czarnecki 
Planning and Execution
Our experimental procedure involved the synthesis of both design spaces of database alternatives and several abstract loads in a variety of sizes for each subject system.