Answer for RQ1: In our experiment  , for most programs 23/24  , random search used by RSRepair performs better in terms of requiring fewer patch trials to search a valid patch than genetic programming used by GenProg  , regardless of whether genetic programming really starts to work see Figure 1 or not. While the BSBM benchmark is considered as a standard way of evaluating RDB2RDF approaches  , given the fact that it is very comprehensive  , we were also interested in analysing real-world queries from projects that we had access to  , and where there were issues with respect to the performance of the SPARQL to SQL query rewriting approach.  BSBM SQL 4 contains a join between two tables product and producttypeproduct and three subqueries  , two of them are used as OR operators. GP is expansion of GA in order to treat structural representation. We see that our method strictly out-performs LSH: we achieve significantly higher recall at similar scan rate. All the resulting queries together with their query plans are also available at http://bit.ly/15XSdDM. However  , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic  , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory  , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. We have implemented the entropy-based LSH indexing method. Although they also used genetic programming  , their evaluation was limited to small programs such as bubble sorting and triangle classification  , while our evaluation includes real bugs in open source software. l   , who used genetic programming to evolve control programs for modular robots consisting of sliding-style modules 2  , 81. al. , communities in relational data to split train/test data e.g. As described in 15  , GenProg needs to implement two key ingredients before the application of genetic programming: 1 the representation of the solution and 2 the definition of the fitness function. , the lack of access pattern privacy usually allows for statistical attacks compromising data confidentiality . As the chart illustrates  , determing trust values during query execution dominates the query execution time. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. One of the key problems of genetic programming is that it is a nondeterministic procedure. We defer discussing the possible reason to Section 6. On the other hand  , there are existing computational engines without scalability or fragmentation problems and with a well-defined computational algebra  , for example  , OLAP 7  , 8  , Statistical 12 and Relational engines. Genetic programming GP is a computational method inspired by biological evolution  , which discovers computer programs tailored to a particular task 19. Learning approaches based on genetic programming have been most frequently used to learn link specifications 5 ,15 ,17. Linked document collections  , such as the Web  , patent databases or scientific publications are inherently relational   , noisy and sparse. Furthermore   , we developed a mix of six tSPARQL queries. In this paper we presented EAGLE  , an active learning approach for genetic programming that can learn highly accurate link specifications. 15 proposes an approach based on the Cauchy-Schwarz inequality that allows discarding a large number of superfluous comparisons. Guided by genetic programming  , GenProg has the ability to repair programs without any specification  , and GenProg is commonly considered to open a new research area of general automated program repair 26  , 20  , although there also exists earlier e.g. The geometric mean does not change dramatically  , because most queries do not touch more data on a larger dataset. Both benchmarks pick terms from dictionaries with uniform distribution. As a follow-on to this work  , Lacerda et al. While our use case has been motivated by statistical data  , a lot of Linked Data sources share this data model structure  , since many of them are derived from relational databases. In addition  , the shrinkage approach could easily be incorporated into other statistical relational models that use global autocorrelation and collective inference. This absence of any system in choosing inputs is also what exposes random testing to the most criticism. Whereas in the CONTROL condition 20% of the adjectives chosen belonged to the machine category  , 20% to the humanized one and 60% to the relational one. The method detects these cases by exploiting a combination of automatically generated similarity functions. We use LSH for offline K-NNG construction by building an LSH index with multiple hash tables and then running a K-NN query for each object. External validity is concerned with generalization. The language of non-recursive first-order logic formulas has a direct mapping to SQL and relational algebra  , which can be used as well for the purposes of our discussion  , e.g. Also  , our method performs well in recognition rate and show robustness in different calligraphic styles. Ideally  , we would like to examine the buckets with the highest success probabilities. The experimental results on three real-world datasets show our proposed method performs a better top-K recommendation than baseline methods. In comparison with the entropy-based LSH method  , multi-probe LSH reduces the space requirement by a factor of 5 to 8 and uses less query time  , while achieving the same search quality. Figure 6shows the distribution of queries over clients. Our classification approach combines a genetic programming GP framework  , which is used to define suitable reference similarity functions   , with the Optimum-Path Forest OPF classifier  , a graph-based approach that uses GP-based edge weights to assign input references to the correct authors. In the following sections we will provide details of LHD-d  , and evaluate it afterwards in the above environment. , SH and AGH  , we randomly sample 3000 data points as the training set; for the point-wise supervised method SSH  , we additionally sample 1000 data points with their concept labels; for the list-wise supervised methods i.e. Then  , in this subsection we plan to investigate to what extent genetic programming used by GenProg worsens the repair efficiency over random search used by RSRepair. " This is the major motivation to choose GP for the ranking function discovery task. Out of the 90 buggy programs  , with a test suite size of 50 — SEMFIX repaired 48 buggy programs while genetic programming repaired only 16. We chose statistical data  , because 1 there is clear need to integrate the data and 2 although the data sets are covering semantically similar topics  , standardization usually does not cover the object properties  , only the code lists themselves  , if at all. A framework for tackling this problem based on Genetic Programming has been proposed and tested. This paper presents the Kylin Ontology Generator KOG  , an autonomous system that builds a rich ontology by combining Wikipedia infoboxes with WordNet using statistical-relational learning. Using an error situation obtained with the sampled parameters  , a fitness unction based on the allowed recovery criteria can be defined. Motivated by financial and statistical applications e.g. Our future work will include an extension to the the temporal summarization scheme to model temporally varying attributes and an investigation of alternative kernels and relational models. Another genetic programming-based approach to link discovery is implemented in the SILK framework 15. , 22  , but most of the approaches developed so far abide by the paradigm of supervised machine learning. This representation is used as knowledge representation and is considered to suit as knowledge re~resentation~l. Also  , each method reads all the feature vectors into main memory at startup time. Instead  , we construct a " surrogate " plaintext collection by merging full text content with all the anchor information for a page. In this paper  , we proposed three classification models accounting for non-stationary autocorrelation in relational data. GenProg 2 has the ability of fixing bugs in deployed  , legacy C programs without formal specifications. The resulting hashing method achieves better performance than LSH for audio retrieval. Only the most robust and consistent functions are selected and they form the ranking function candidate pool. Tables present structural data and relational information in a two-dimensional format and in a condensed fashion. Genetic operators simulate natural selection mechanisms such as mutation and reproduction to enable the creation of individuals that best abide by a given fitness function. Nevertheless  , this approach is clearly not scalable e.g. Some initial work has focused on transforming temporal-varying links and objects into static aggregated features 19 and other work has focused on modeling the temporal dynamics of time-varying attributes in static link structures 13. However  , the computational cost of this approach is extremely high for problems requiring large population sizes 6 . To explore the practicality of this approach  , we have implemented it and conducted an experimental study. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 1 is a simple method figure  1a in which bit vector representation for a data point object is obtained from projecting the data vector on several random directions   , and converting the projected values to {0  , 1} by thresholding. We see from Table 1that our method was particularly fast. An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. Attribute partitioning HAMM79 is another term for a transposed file scheme within a relational database  , As stated in BORA62  , such schemes are useful in statistical database systems because although the relations often contain many attributes  , usually only a few are referenced in any one query  , Additionally  , attribute partitioning is useful in compression schemes that depend on physical adjacency of identical values EGGEBO  , EGGEBl  , TURN79. The default probing method for multi-probe LSH is querydirected probing. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. This is illustrated by modeling within the same framework different enumerative  , randomized and genetic search strategies  , Furthermore  , we show how the search strategies thus produced can be controlled in the sense that successful termination can be enforced by assertions. Another future work is to study a hybrid scheme that integrates approximate methods such as LSH with our exact method for larger datasets when a trade-off between speed and accuracy is acceptable. Relational autocorrelation  , a statistical dependency among values of the same variable on related en- tities 7  , is a nearly ubiquitous phenomenon in relational datasets. This paper focuses on comparing the basic  , entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods in the case that the index data structure fits in main memory. Recent work has only just begun to incorporate temporal information into statistical relational models. These functions are discovered using genetic programming GP and a state-of-the-art classifier optimumpath forest OPF 3  , 4. Thus  , we replace it with a near-duplicates detection method. However  , this work has focused primarily on modeling static relational data. We present the maximum MRR achieved by the approaches in each domain in Table 1we observe it occurs when training on all labelled data sources apart from the test source. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependence between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. The 'Time' column reports the wall-clock average time required for a trial that produced a primary repair. We emphasize that our focus in this paper is on improving the space and time efficiency of LSH  , already established as an attractive technique for high-dimensional similarity search. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. Construct validity threats concern the appropriateness of the evaluation measurement. , in Q07 and Q08 the system returned an error while performing the operations  , while the native and the translation queries could be evaluated over the database system. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , over-training is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. In Genetic Programming  , each member in the population is a computer program for the solution of the problem. Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method  , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. Genetic Programming GP 14 is a Machine Learning ML technique that helps finding good answers to a given problem where the search space is very large and when there is more than one objective to be accomplished. However  , for BSBM dataset  , DFSS outperforms ITRMS for both scalability experiments see Figure 4c and Figure 5a. In FJS97   , a statistical approach is used for reconstructing base lineage data from summary data in the presence of certain constraints . In this work we try to overcome these problems by applying automatically discovered techniques for fusion of the available evidence. for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. collision avoidance as well as helping achieve the overall task. We also notice that GenProg failed for all arithmetic bugs. For our tests we use an extended version of the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 10. , near duplicates are assigned to the same hash value with a high probability p 1 . Finally  , GGGP was applied to create reference models. Recently  , in the paper 40 genetic programming is proposed to fix automatically the general bugs  , and a prototype tool called GenProg based on this technique is implemented. The space efficiency implication is dramatic. The experimental results in Table 5show that exploiting the emergent relational schema even in this very preliminary implementation already improves the performance of Virtuoso on a number of BSBM Explore queries by up to a factor of 5.8 Q3  , Hot run. Our focus on constant prints allows us to perform exhaustive search for repairs  , ensuring both completeness and minimality. On the other hand  , when the same amount of main memory is used by the multi-probe LSH indexing data structures  , it can deal with about 60- million images to achieve the same search quality. We also compared our method with genetic programming based repair techniques. Here  , we focus on locality sensitive hashing techniques that are most relevant to our work. These primitives were d e signed to aid genetic programming in finding a solution and either encapsulated problem specific information or low-level information that was thought to be helpful for obtaining a solution. First  , when using the same number of hash tables  , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need  , compared with the entropy-based approach ? Acknowledgments. 19  select ranking functions using genetic programming   , maximizing the average precision on the training data. For each dataset  , the table reports the query time  , the error ratio and the number of hash tables required  , to achieve three different search quality recall values. Although there are probably a number of heuristic ways to combine sensory information and the knowledge base with machine learning  , it is not straightforward to come up with consistent probabilistic models. Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space. 26  introduced the idea of program repair using genetic programming  , where existing parts of code are used to patch faults in other parts of code and patching is restricted to those parts that are relevant to the fault. In this work  , we propose the Time Varying Relational Classifier TVRC framework—a novel approach to incorporating temporal dependencies into statistical relational models. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . Figure 6 shows the results of these evaluations. In this paper  , we show that existing techniques from relational systems  , such as query rewriting and cost based optimization for join ordering can be adopted to federated SPARQL. These are supervised approaches that begin with a small number of labeled links and then inquire labels for data items that promise to improve their accuracy. In this paper we will use the GIST descriptor to represent a calligraphic character image. We run an experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M  , hosted on the same LDF server with 2 differents URLs. For high-dimensional similarity search  , the best-known indexing method is locality sensitive hashing LSH 17. , 17  , most of the approaches developed so far abide by the paradigm of supervised machine learning. AutoFix-E 37 can repair programs but requires for the contracts in terms of pre-and post-conditions. Intuitively  , increases as the increase of   , while decreases as the increase of . In practice  , it is difficult to generate perturbed queries in a data-independent way and most hashed buckets by the perturbed queries are redundant. In this setting  , the information content of a pair s  , t is usually inverse to its distance from the boundary of C t . Ranking functions usually could not work consistently well under all situations. Regarding the multiple adjective choice  , even if not supported by statistical significance  , we observe that children in the OAT condition chose no machine category adjectives  , 30% of the chosen adjectives belonged to the humanized category and 70% to the relational one. We have already proposed and evaluated two different strategies. As described in q  , each tuple has a system-defined attribute called count which keeps track of the number of original tuples as stored in the relational database that are represented by the current generalized tuple. Thus  , the topics of recent references are likely to be better indicators than the topics of references that were published farther in the past. This approach randomly mutates buggy programs to generate several program variants that are possible patch candidates.