And a new strategy is acquired using Q-learning. The f q  , d model is constructed automatically using supervised machine learning techniques with labelled ranking data 13. When compared to the relevance models retrieval RM doc   , which effectively performs query expansion  , the relatedtext is on par or only slightly better. The open loop transfer function is obtained through random testing with a Hewlett-Packard dynamic si nal analyzer. In this section we present the empirical results of SSDB- SCAN and compare it with DBSCAN and HISSCLU. Taking a more detailed look at the effect of certain thesaurus relationships on the effectiveness of query expansion  , Greenberg determined that synonyms and narrower terms are well suited for automatic query expansion  , because they " increased relative recall with a decline in precision that was not statistically significant " 6 . memory-based and model-based. an acronym expandable to multiple equally-likely phrases. \Ve also tried several alternate exploration strategies 12 including recency-based  , counter­ based  , and error-based exploration. 319- index for all the possible pose sets  , Zhuang et al. In RuralCafe  , we explicitly avoid the problem of automated query expansion. Section 3 describes query expansion and retrieval. The learned parameter can be then used to estimate the relevance probability P s|q k  for any particular aspect of a new user query. On the flip side  , DBSCAN can be quite sensitive to the values of eps and MinPts  , and choosing correct values for these parameters is not that easy. 4 Experiments on the search results of a commercial search engine well validated its effectiveness. Fig.7shows the transfer function Gdi ,t  , and fig.8shows the simulation result. For our dataset we used clicks collected during a three-month period in 2012. Thus  , by the Passivity theorem  , a P D controller can provide very good vibration control. Our main interest in using clarification forms was to evaluate different techniques for selecting MWUs and phrases for interactive query expansion. The recency-based query-expansion approach Section 3.2  , which is a slight modification of the approach from Massoudi et al. 3  , uses query-expansion the favor recent tweets. The acceleration method ensures no error in the stiffness and damping terms  , but generates a fourth order transfer function which can be unstable. We implemented PreDeCon as well as the three comparative methods DBSCAN  , PROCLUS  , and DOC in JAVA. However  , ontologies enable also other relations to be used in query expansion. In the line of thought of this paper  , we would like to determine a discrete subset of configurations  , and a basic action which defines a transfer function for the subset of configurations. Instead of using probability to decide on a move when the cost is higher  , a worse feasible solution is chosen if the cost is less than the current threshold 1 . A transfer function converts the handlebar deviation to an actual steering angle. Thus  , it is most beneficial for the search engine to place best performing ads first. To remove the difference in rating scale between users when computing the similarity  , 15  has proposed to adjust the cosine similarity by subtracting the user's average rating from each co-rated pair beforehand. There was a slight topic effect: for two topics both median and mode scores were 51-60%  , for one topic the median and mode was 61-70% and for another topic the median score was 41-50% with multiple modes of 31-40%  , 41- 50% and 51-60%. In simulated annealing  , the current state may be replaced by a successor with a lower quality. Since there are a lot of noise data  , DBSCAN with larger Eps is likely to include those noise data and cause chain affection  , forming serval larger clusters instead of small individual clusters. Since the object inference may not be perfect  , multiple correspondences are allowed. 20 is diagonal  , the repetitive controller for each axis can be designed independently . This similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation coefficient between their rating vectors. For the first encounter  , we search the best matching scans. We used a Boolean recommendation as a baseline and compared it with recommendations for scholarly venues based on PVR implicit ratings. Per-query results are highly correlated between systems   , in typical cases giving a Pearson score of close to 1  , because some queries are easier to resolve or have more answers than others; this correlation can affect assessment of significance. On comparison with the simulated annealing method used in a prior publications 16  , we found that seesawing between {Low  , High} values was adequate for our purposes. In this sense  , we can represent the transfer function of the block force  , the internal force due to the interaction with the human arm  , the desired master arm inertia  , and the damping parameters respectively. At first  , an initial set of population is structured randomly  , and the Q-table that consists of phenotype of the initial population is constructed. We tested per-user averaging on this dataset as well and it was 2% less accurate. 3shows the response of the inertial element circuit with the transfer function We follow the explanation of the Q-learning by Kaelbling 8.  Which ontological relationships are most useful as query expansion terms for the field of educational research ? The two functions will be used to evaluate both our GPbased approach and the baseline method in our experiments. In each round a random successor of the current solution is looked at. for query expansion  , report improved effectiveness over their baseline systems. In summary  , we have made the following contributions: i A new type of interaction options based on ontologies to enable scalable interactive query construction  , and a theoretical justification about the effectiveness of these options; ii A scheme to enable efficient generation of top-k structured queries and interaction options   , without the complete knowledge of the query interpretation space; iii An experimental study on Freebase to verify the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed approach; iv To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt to enable effective keyword-based query construction on such a large scale database as Freebase  , considering that most existing work on database keyword search uses only test sets of small schemas  , such as DBLP  , IMDB  , etc. The system then displays information pertaining to self and others aggregated by these two functions via an information display interface. We first evaluate the effect of the two-stage PRF query expansion. The temporal query-expansion approach also outperformed the recencybased query-expansion approach UNCRQE. As follows from Table 7  , for all the three settings of our experiments  , selective query expansion achieved statistically significant improvement in terms of MAP over automatic query expansion using expansion on all queries. In the case where the hub inertia is very large  , it has been shown that this output would result in a minimum phase transfer function 5. Tables 3 and 4 show how this tradeoff makes the baseline SPR and Prophet configurations perform best despite working with search spaces that contain fewer correct patches. Introducing the notion of lossless transmission line  , Anderson and Spong 8 argued that L block can be made to strictly positive real and stable transfer function. Relationship between the number of AGV and average of duality gap route for the entire AGV is always generated taking the entire AGV into account. Participants were not encouraged to apply duplicate elimination to their runs. method to construct object query. The Pearson product moment correlation was used to measure the relations among the SRDs  , since they are all measured continuously. Using the developed scaling laws 12  , the controller transfer function 11s scaled and applied to both of the dimensional SFL systems described at the beginning of the section. Another group of work modifies or augments a user's original query  , or query expansion. As expected  , query expansion improved short queries more than long queries. In previous work  , we used a simulated annealing method to find the local minimum 9. This experiment used a Head-Related Transfer Function HRTF method. Essentially local techniques such as gradient descent  , the simplex method and simulated annealing are not well suited to such landscapes. 10 can expressed by In particular  , if sl is equal to one  , then this equation becomes the following transfer function: The transfer function of the model in eq. The Pearson correlation of AP with all four model parameters the row denoted by " Combined "  is relatively high  , suggesting that the model captures important aspects of the topic difficulty. Table 2   , we list the retrieval performance of query expansion using different β-values of 0.01  , 0.03  , 0.05 and 0.1. In this section  , we introduce our method in learning topic models from training data collections. In Section 2 we describe related query expansion approaches. We are still left with the task of finding short coherent chains to serve as vertices of G. These chains can be generated by a general best-first search strategy. The transfer function of dynamic model is obtained as shown in equation 6. Furthermore  , the time-varying nature of the current problem prohibits one from formulating an adequate cost function. The results are listed in Table 4and 5  , together with the results for the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method without using any weighting scheme. no query expansion is applied  , " rmX.qeYn ,k.run " is the run ID of the retrieval result using query expansion method Y see Table 2  , with expansion parameters being n ,k. Simulated annealing is a capable of crossing local minima and locating the global minimum 6. In this paper  , we present a stochastic search technique using simulated annealing to solve the machine loading problem in FAS. We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise activity similarity information. Therefore  , the frequency domain transfer function between actuator position and force is: Figure 5 shows the magnitude and phase relationship between actuator position and actuator force based on the given transfer function. For the velocity loop  , the transfer function is: Therefore  , a perfect tracking controller may cause oscillatory velocity response. It did not show any improvement over the baseline  , and further it was significantly worse than the manual query expansion UMassBlog3. The underlying idea is that each t ype of thesaurus has dierent c haracteristics and therefore their combination can provide a valuable resource for query expansion. It is known that using query subsets may lead to poor performance when estimating the performance of previously unseen new systems 17 . Other types of kinematic correspondence between the master and slave can be realized by setting the proper transfer function G. A perfect rate control of a teleoperator system It is clear that transparent position control can be achieved by using where k is a scale factor. In the method adopted here  , simulated annealing is applied in the simplex deformation. where scq sub   , D is the retrieval score of using q sub to retrieve D. achieve the best retrieval performance. Thus  , increasing n increases the importance of achieving good transfer efficiency. , between 0.6-0.95 with small lead time less than 2 weeks  , but the Pearson correlation decreases all the way below 0 while lead time increases to 20. was implemented using the real-time software developed by Christini and Culianu 26 The system is stable  , so exponential weighting is nei­ ther required nor used. Section 4 is the result discussion. from a data point p   , given a radius E p s . People have proposed many ways to formulate the query expansion problem. Not all ICFG paths represent possible executions. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work on developing a formal model for location-based social search that considers check-in information as well as alternative recommendation. where vf is the end-effector velocity and F is the contact force  , both at the point of interaction. Previous query expansion techniques are based on bag of words models. more than 3 query terms are selected for expansion. Our study melds the two approaches by analyzing library corpora for use in query expansion in the digital library OPAC. Responsible digital curation is much more than preservation of bits. The solution using a Simulated Annealing method is sub-optimum. In the beginning we consider the first k links from each search engine  , find the permutation with highest self-similarity  , record it  , remove the links selected from candidate sets  , and then augment them by the next available links k + 1. 17  , are shown in Fig 5. For each input-output pair  , Golubev method is applied to derive directly a rational transfer function. According to the above discussion  , we summarize the parameters that correlate with arousal in Table 2  , where Pearson correlation was computed between parameter values and the perceived arousal scale. As a result  , the result of STING approaches that of DBSCAN when the granularity approaches zero. In Figure 2we examine the accuracy and convergence of information transfer estimates as a function of time both with and without bias correction. Advantages of these schemes include the ability to segment non convex shapes  , identify noise  , and automatically estimate the number of partitions in a data set. Previous results that have combined query-and document-side semantic dependencies have shown mixed results 13  , 27. In order to increase the recall of the set of retrieved passages  , we have experimented with three different query expansion techniques. Furthermore  , LSs can be customized by teachers or learners  , and may include tools to promote learning. The entry point can be directly provided by the user by selecting a document icon  , or determined by the system as the document that best matches the query. Following common practice 2   , prediction quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the true average precision AP@1000 for the queries  , as determined using the relevance judgments in the qrels files  , and the values assigned to these queries by a predictor. Overall  , we designed our pipeline to combine query expansion and result re-ranking. introduced an incremental version of DBSCAN 10. Hence  , similar to the basic push action 7  , 111  , the basic pull action serves as a basis for a transfer function for a part feeder which uses pull operations to orient parts to a unique final orientation. The motivations of demote operation is as follows: making those queries that the evaluation function classifies as future cache hits stay in the cache longer. Furthermore  , the following more-detailed research questions are addressed:  Can ontologies generate added value in query expansion mechanisms  , as compared to thesauri ? H is chosen such that mapping Hfl is Lp-stable  , that is a1 Hfl: Lnp-Lnp Given a query  , a large number of candidate expansion terms words or phrases will be chosen to convey users' information needs. P θ is the original query model as described in section 2  , e is the expansion term under consideration  , and w is its weight. An important condition for convergence is the learning rate. We retrieve documents with the expanded query˜qquery˜ query˜q  , which provides us with a retrieval score per document. The transfer function of the charge amplifier Gc& can be assumed as the 10b. These procedures can make non-uniform quantization of the state space. a Latent subspace learning between textual query and visual image: click-through-based cross-view learning by simultaneously minimizing the distance between the query and image mappings in the latent subspace weighted by their clicks and preserving the inherent structure in each original feature space. There was a positive correlation between the expertise rating and the interest rating by a given participant to a given topic Pearson coefficient of 0.7  , indicating that people are usually interested in topics in which they have expertise and vice versa. We exploit the top-scored entities e.g. If the individual rankings of the search engines are perfect and each search engine is equally suited to the query  , this method should produce the best ranking. First  , the current best partial solution is expanded its successors are added to the search graph by picking an unexpanded search state within the current policy. Sutton 11 employed Q-learning in his Dyna architecture and presented an application of optimal path finding problems. The central problem of query expansion is how to select expansion terms. Also remember that the training period is 2011-2012 while the rest two seasons are both for testing. It is difficult to use the charge amplifier for a longer time than its time constant. Although not the case here  , such data would typically be obtained from a commercial spectrum analyser. After query expansion  , we used Natural Language Toolkit NLTK 3 to remove stop words and to perform stemming. Indeed  , an important characteristic of any query-subset selection technique would be to decrease the value-addition of a query q ∈ Q based on how much of that query has in common with the subset of queries already selected S. Submodularity is a natural model for query subset selection in Learning to Rank setting. Empirical studies have shown that our new weighting scheme can be incorporated to improve the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method substantially under many different configurations. associated with each query q  , as is standard in learning to rank 21. method is specific to recommendations using random walks  , we can transfer their exponential decay function to our model as follows: While the Boldi et al. Coefficients greater than ±0.5 with statistical significant level < 0.05 are marked with a * . Otherwise  , a numerical method is necessary. Moreover  , the " storm-related " - " weather-related " dichotomy also exists for these systems. The pruning comes in three forms. As these charts suggest  , the Pearson correlation between the two runs is quite low: 0.3884 for nDCG@20 and 0.3407 for nDCG@10. Query Expansion: The microblog track organizers provided participants with the terms statistics for Tweets13 collection. This board has DMA function that transfer data at once 128~11 x l6bit ,s Table 1shows specifications of the board. We begin by evaluating how accurately we can infer progression stages. The displacement and the translation speed can be obtained from the shaft encoders. Transfer functions for this type of system were then studied and other improvements introduced. The topic expansion interaction proceeds as follows: 1. Other types of kinematic correspondence between the master and slave can be realized by setting the proper transfer function G. A perfect rate control of a teleoperator system Table 1 . But the interactive query expansion users are not then involved in their own tasks. Some researchers minimize a convex upper bound 17 on the objective above: The central challenge in learning to rank is that the objective q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y is highly discontinuous; its gradient is either zero or undefined at any given point w. The vast majority of research on learning to rank is con-cerned with approximating the objective with more benign ones that are more tractable for numerical optimization of w. We review a few competitive approaches in recent work. , close loop stability is  ,-ranteed in high frequencies when uncertainties are present. The observed signals are divided in time into overlapping frames by the application of a window function and analyzed using the short-time Fourier transform STFT. We also experimented with proper nouns in query expansion. We focus on using different retrieval methods and query expansion methods for improving the retrieval effectiveness. Thus  , for this query  , query expansion actually results in a significant loss of precision. Because the performance metric of a machining system is the cycle time in normal operation   , only the auto mode function of a logic controller will be considered in this paper. the inner and the outer loops and Qa/Tr for the proposed system  , respectively. However  , due to the representation of the collision function by a potential field  , path planning may stick into local minima as it is shown in figure 6 d where the obstacle regions are represented by two rectangular regions. First  , we hope to demonstrate that the complexity problems usually associated with Q-learning 17 in complex scenarios can be overcome by using role-switching. So in the end  , we choose the first 10 words ranking in tf*idf retrieval lists besides original words of query itself as the query expansion. The procedure works as follows: We performed query expansion experiments on ad hoc retrieval. When the robot is initially started  , it signals the MissionLab console that it is active and loads the parameters for random hazards. Knijnenburg 19 presented a cluster-based approach where variables are first hierarchically complete linkage clustered and then from each cluster the most relevant feature is selected. Many participants did some form of query expansion  , particularly by extracting terms from previously known relevant documents in the routing task. First  , given that tweets are text-impoverished  , query-expansion seems to be important. In general Q-learning methods  , exploration of learning space is promoted by selecting an action by a policy which selects actions stochastically according to the distribution of action utilities. The definition of EMI will help identify the case that resellers change the content of listings as well as the resale activities coming through account transfer. Results  , measured using Pearson correlation over the 10 folds and both data sets are presented in Table 2a. Simulated Annealing: Guided evolutionary simulated annealing GESA 19 combines simulated annealing and simulated evolution in a novel way. Bhatia has adopted the latest idea to provide personalized query expansion based on a user profile represented by a dependence tree 3. van Rijsbergen suggests the use of the constructed dependence tree for query expansion. In our particular case this rating is represented by behavior of users on every page they both visit. In the next section we present a newly developed system identification based on orthogonal basis functions. First  , we will study how to choose parameters  , particularly  , the range of frequent k-n-match  , n0 ,n1   , to optimize its performance we will focus on frequent k-n-match instead of k-n-match  , since frequent k-n-match is the technique we finally use to perform similarity search. The first two rules generate the predicate concepts corresponding to preconditions prec from a SPM  , where the function gc : T → CONC is used to generate the concept corresponding to a given term and the function gcc : PR CC → CONC is used to generate the concept corresponding to a given precondition predicate: The developed rules use the ← r operator to denote set reunion and the ← a operator to denote a value transfer. Encounters between robots black lines as well as loop closing constraints red lines within a trajectory are generated by scan matching. As compared with gradient-based or conjugate-type search  , simulated annealing can escape local minimum points 12. The Q-learner does not have to select the last role it was executing before it died. The performance of the Translation Model and the Translation- Based Language Model will rely on the quality of the word-to-word translation probabilities. It is easy to see that APS r with r in the 0.3 to 0.35 range has the highest Pearson correlation coefficient when compared to human subjects. The simulated annealing method is used in order not to be trapped into a bad local optimum. And 30 times reproduction is carried out. By default  , summaries of all top 30 documents were used for expansion unless the user manually deselected some this was precisely the only form of manual intervention allowed. Query expansion is a commonly used technique to improve retrieval effectiveness. Then  , the approximated cost to traverse an edge is computed by plugging a covariance at a departing vertex into the associated cost transfer function of that edge. Thus the Q-function makes the actions explicit  , which allows us to compute them on-line using the following Q-learning update rule: where a is the learning rate  , and y is the discount factor 0 5 y < 1 . The expansion terms are chosen from the topranked documents retrieved using the initial queries. There is  , therefore  , a clustered division along the two " civilizations " described by Huntington. Therefore  , a considerable number of questions can only be answered by using hybrid question answering approaches  , which can find and combine information stored in both structured and textual data sources 22. In post-TREC experiments  , we worked on enhancing the query expansion and temporal re-scoring approaches. First the parameter space was coarsely gridded with logarithmic spacing. If the number of clusters was less than 5  , the remaining documents were picked from the highest ranked outliers. Each element in vector xi represents a metric value. To verify our findings  , we pool viewing time and relevance labels from all queries  , and compute Pearson correlation between them. For purposes of this paper  , the authors define the bandwidth of transparency as the frequency at which the transparency transfer function crosses a A3 dB magnitude band. Based on several experiments  , the best estimates for the author's hand sensitivity is presented by equation 7. We can see that DBSCAN makes the most mistakes  , whereas both SPARCL and Chameleon do well. For a dynamic system  , continuous or discrete  , one can use system poles to determine its dynamic characteristics. So far  , several different similarity measures have been used  , such as Pearson correlation  , Spearman correlation  , and vector similarity. Based on the closed loop poles and zeros as given in the previous section  , the closed loop transfer function is written as Fig.15shows the performance of the experimental system when zero phase tracking control. Unlike what we did for thresholded and thresholded condensed  , for the simple and condensed variants we only use the test Figure 5: Pearson correlation between uUBM in di↵erent variants and interleaving signal . The ARMin robot that was built with four active DoFs in the first prototype has now been extended with two additional DoFs for the forearm in order to allow training of ADLs and an additional DoF to accommodate the vertical movement of the center of rotation of the shoulder joint. They proposed a similarity measure that uses shortest path length  , depth and local density in a taxonomy. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first search engine with such support for measured information. It might be important to find appropriate combination of terms for query expansion. Q learning is designed to optimize a robot policy n that is based on cumulative discounted rewards V". The documents are scanned for the expansion terms or term sequences  , and the number of occurrences is counted for every expansion. In the rest of the experiments  , we always take query expansion into account in our suggestion ranking models. After TREC  , we added Arabic query expansion  , performed as follows: retrieve the top 10 documents for the Arabic query  , using LM retrieval if the expanded query would be run in an LM condition  , and using Inquery retrieval if the expanded query would run in an Inquery condition. First  , out of all the children in a family  , the child with the best performance value will be selected. Most previous query expansion approaches focus on text  , mainly using unigram concepts. In terms of Pearson correlation  , the improvement over the baseline is even larger  , as the stages learned by the baseline are negatively correlated with the true stages. RQ2 Does the LSTM configuration have better learning abilities than the RNN configuration ? We used a baseline  , which uses a single fixed window without considering query expansion  , internal structure  , and document authority. Second  , English query expansion adds more than Chinese; apparently the benefit of a far larger corpus outweighs translation ambiguity. U Here the transfer function of the motor-gear system and the controller are replaced by a simplified system for conciseness. However  , the transfer function for figure 9.b is The transfer function for figure 9.a is identical to equation 2  , with the same bandwidth. These outliers were removed using DBSCAN to identify low density noise. Once a model has been selected to represent a subsystem  , the unknown parameters identification is required. In our experiments  , the expansion terms are selected according to the query types. The values of learning rates ⌘1 and ⌘2 are set as constant 0.05 in the experiments. They basically transfer gas from inlet to outlet. Indri structure query language model 3 is used in our two interactive runs DUTgen1 and DUTgen2. Numerically differentiating position twice  , which is required for impedance causality  , could introduce substantial noise into the system making The transfer function with impedance casuality: importance of admittance causality is clear when considering virtual environments such as rigid body simulations . These discontinuities in the past caused large control impulses to the system. In order to analyze and compare the results  , we made use of the popular Pearson correlation coefficient see  , e.g. Another difficult issue only briefly mentioned in our previous presentation  , was the constraint that the robots had to end up in specific locations. , the error in motor position is small and is quickly removed. While there has been significant amount of work on automated query expansion and query replacement  , we anticipate these enhancements to be integrated into the search engine. In addition  , we study a retrieval model which is trained by supervised signals to rank a set of documents for given queries in the pairwise preference learning framework. It DBSCAN parameters were set to match the expected point density of the bucket surface. The transfer function for feh  , when all the mappings of Figure 7are transfer function matrices  , can be written as: Examples of transfer statements include: method invocations that pass tainted data into a body of a method through a function parameter: updatesecret; assignment statements of a form x = secret  , where tainted variable secret is not modified; return statements in the form return secret. The Pearson R coefficient of correlation is 0.884  , which is significant at the 0.05 level two-tailed. That is  , first  , the open loop transfer function G , ,Note that the travel  , traverse  , and hoist motions of the crane can be independently controlled using the position servo controller 15. Note that by construction there are no local minimain the potential field for each tixqi space. Where q c is the parameter which determines the controller convergence speed. INSS92 presents a randomized approach – based on iterative improvement and simulated annealing techniques – for parametric query optimization with memory as a parameter. The TREC topics are real queries  , selected by editors from a search engine log. Furthermore  , our work combines a streaming DBSCAN method along with constraints requirements that are not only at the instance level  , but also at the cluster level. 2 As for coverage  , SNRS has a stable performance of around 0.7. It is difficult to apply the usual Q-learning to the real robot that has many redundant degrees of freedom and large action-state space. With query expansion  , however  , query length has opposite effect on WebX and non-WebX methods.  We complement our quantitative evaluation with a qualitative one Section 5. But such a complexity may be substantially reduced to some small polynomial function in the size of the state space if an appropriate reward structure is chosen and if Q-values are initialized with some " good " values. Billerbeck and Zobel explored a range of query metrics to predict the QE success  , but  , as they report  , without clear success. It expands a query issued by a user with additional related terms  , called expansion terms  , so that more relevant documents can be retrieved. Such words are more specific and more useful than the words in the original query for collection selection. This is the property we desire in order to make the actuator very insensitive to position inputs. Query expansion aims to add a certain number of query-relevant terms to the original query in order to improve retrieval effectiveness. Automatic query expansion does not increase recall  , but significantly increases precision. Control then passes to the host partition with the message: FunctionCall INITIALIZEGLOBALS NIL. In all cities  , we observe the same two main results. Another group of related work is graph-based semi-supervised learning. The model is geometrically scalable and represented in a form of infinitedimensional transfer function relating the bending displacement wz  , s of IPMC beam to the voltage input V s. Chen and Tan recently derived a control-oriented yet physics-based model for IPMC actuators 14. The optimizer struggled with these on occasion. Eppstein 13  showed that  , for general part feeders with non-monotonic transfer functions  , finding a shortest plan is NP-complete. In order to use established best-first search approaches  , we need to make the heuristic function both additive and positive. The application of the usual Q-learning is restricted to simple tasks with the small action-state space. Thus  , there still exists a need for a document-independent source of terms for query expansion. To find a near-optimal solution  , we employed the simulated annealing method which has been shown effective for solving combinatorial optimization problems. Since the extender usually consists of both constrained and unconstrained maneuvers  , inequality 43 of the unconstrained system. Together H3 and H4 state that the use of dependency information will improve prediction of SRD  , but only because such information improves the concept similarity match. The first two results are duplicates  , the third result is 8 years old  , and the fourth is not a course syllabus. The policy is clearly sub-optimal because it does not try to raise the Acrobot's endpoint above the goal height directly once sufficient energy has been pumped into the system. Given an initial series of computation to construct ξ ij and a starting covariance Λ 0 = Λ s i as an input parameter  , repeated queries of the effect of a series of controls and observations can be calculated efficiently. Thus we expand the test query  , and then use the expended query on the matching method. Thus  , the choice of the optimal feature sets may require a preliminary feature construction phase. Traditionally  , test collections are described as consisting of three components: topics  , documents and relevance judgments 5. When there exist no modeling errors  , i.e. First there is the transfer function representing the dynamics of the master arms Y ,. Type indicates the type of entry: 'F' for a frequent value or 'Q' for a quantile adjustment for the corresponding Col_Value value. Definition of IPC classes consists of the explanations regarding each IPC class which can be used to identify the important concepts and subtopics of the query. Because of the formulation  , Spearman rank correlation coefficients are unsuitable for comparisons between distributions with highly unequal scales  , such as the case for comparing classes set cardinality 2 and continuous features. The Mean and STD are the average and the standard deviation of the Pearson correlation value calculated from the five trials. In this paper  , we are concerned with automatic query expansion. We incorporate a user-driven query expansion function. Figure 8 shows the agreement measured for each of the news categories   , together with the Pearson correlation and the corresponding level of significance. As we show  , this framework is a generalization and unification of current state-of-the-art concept weighting 6  , 18  , 31 and query expansion 24  , 15 models. The best results were obtained when using 40 top search hits. Our second submission only uses Wikipedia for query expansion . We further apply query expansion for multilingual representations . Since it is desired that none of the joints overshoot the commanded position or the response be critically damped  , In the absence of any feedforward terms  , the response is governed by the poles of the transfer function. Table 1summarizes the Kendall-τ and Pearson correlation for the four query selection methods when selecting {20  , 40  , 60}% of queries in the Robust 2004 and the TREC-8 test collections. In practice  , an expansion term may act on the query in dependence with other terms  , and their weights may be different. All these factors turned out to be significantly correlated with MCAS score p < .05  , N=417 Particularly  , the correlations between the two online measures ORIGINAL_PERCENT_CORRECT and PERCENT_CORRECT and MCAS score are 0.753 and 0.763  , even higher than the correlation between SEP-TEST and MCAS score actually  , 0.745. However  , the Random and IQP methods require at least 70% of queries to achieve the same Kendall-τ . 4shows the data flow in the control loop that runs at f control = 7.81 Hz. This paper is organized as follows. In particular  , we quantify behavioral agreement using the Pearson correlation score between the ratings of two users  , and we compare this between users with positive and negative links. During the testing phase  , recommendations are made to users for items that are similar to those they have rated highly. An offline evaluation was not conducted because it had not been able to calculate any differences based on trigger. In particular  , Vidyasagar presented a transfer function of the flexible heam based on the Euler-Bernoulli model that has the nice property to be passive  To evaluate the performance of different architectures including the behavior of the operator  , it is common to use a group of people working on a certain task 2224. It is clear that transparent position control can be achieved by using where k is a scale factor. The notation CHk  , q  , triggersize denotes the CH method with parameters k  , q and triggersize. 14  recently analyze places and events in a collection of geotagged photos using DBSCAN. The reason why we just use the directed version of the M-HD is that our goal is to check if a pedestrian similar to the template is in the image  , but the distance measure of the other direction may include the information about dissimilarity between non-pedestrian edges in the environment and our template image so that an unreasonable large amount of undirected M-HD occurs. , in the case of facial presentation and facial expressions when there is no face detected  , we replace these with the sample mean. We consider the finger as a programmable part feeder. Tables 1 2 and 3 report the expansion retrieval performance of predicted-Pt | R based and idf based diagnostic expansion  , following the evaluation procedure detailed in Section 4.1. We further calculate per topic difference of nDCG@10 between RL3/RL4 and RL2. To select the best source  , we define the criteria as follows: Query expansion QE is an effective strategy to address the challenge. In the single-agent case there is a remarkable example of study of the complexity of single-agent Q-learning with a comparison of heuristically initialized and zero-initialized cases by Koenig and Sim- mons 5. For example  , results reported in column 2 row 2 selects 1 original query term of the highest idf for expansion  , and a maximum of 1 expansion term is included for the selected query term. Demote operation: it is used to transfer evicted query results pages from the controlled cache to the uncontrolled cache rather than out of the query results cache directly. The Bode plots obtained experimentally to model the link dynamics are displayed in Fig. So  , we can rewrite eq. Miller-Charles' data set is a subset of Rubenstein-Goodenough's 35 original data set of 65 word pairs. For example  , when the term " disaster " in the query " transportation tunnel disaster " is expanded into " fire "   , " earthquake "   , " flood "   , etc. From the physical parameters as shown in Table 1When we design the stabilizing compensator based on Eq. , there are high positive correlations where r > 0.50 between the pledging goal  , the number of updates and the number of comments. By using our proposed system  , an mobile robot autonomously acquires the fine behaviors how to move to the goal avoiding moving multiobstacles using the steering and velocity control inputs  , simultaneously. The Kendall's τ should be compared with the 0.742 correlation for ranking the TREC 2004 systems based on the TREC 2003 versus the TREC 2004 topics; the Pearson's coefficients should be compared with the 0.943 correlation on scores between the two topic sets. 2. We implemented the accumulators for Quit and Continue as dynamic structures hash tables and when the stop criterion is as high as 10000 users  , this structure has less of an advantage over arrays. The same correlation using the features described in 19  was only 0.138. The transfer function provides a mapping from an initial orientation of the part to a final orientation of the part for each grasping action. This person needs to compare the descriptions of the contents of different databases in order to choose the appropriate ones. An electrically driven axis is essentially a fixed device i.e. The main reason is that the values of rewards fade over time  , causing all robots to prefer actions that have immediate rewards. One test done in surface following is to see how the contact force error changes when the environment has a sinusoidal motion. Table IIIpresents the significant R coefficients between the parameters and each objective  , as well as the corresponding p-values p for the statistical significance of the association. The most closely related branches of work to ours are 1 those that aim to mine and summarize opinions and facets from documents especially from review corpora  , and 2 those that study Q/A systems in general. Then  , we aim to show the effectiveness of three query expansion models Bo1  , Bo2 and KL on the TRECMed 2011 collection. Thus  , our query expansion was topic-independent. Answers question page in the SERPs  , 81% of the searchers who turned to More likely in SearchAsk queries Words to  , a  , be  , i  , how  , do  , my  , can  , what  , on  , in  , the  , for  , have  , get  , with  , you  , if  , yahoo  , it First words how  , what  , can  , be  , why  , i  , do  , my  , where  , yahoo  , if  , when  , 0000  , a  , will  , 00  , best  , who  , which  , should Content words yahoo  , 00  , use  , 0  , work  , song  , old  , help  , make  , need  , like  , change  , year  , good  , long  , mail  , answer  , email  , want  , know More likely in SearchOnly queries Words facebook  , youtube  , google  , lyric  , craigslist  , free  , online  , new  , bank  , game  , map  , ebay  , county  , porn  , tube  , coupon  , recipe  , home  , city  , park First words facebook  , youtube  , google  , craigslist  , ebay  , the  , you  , gmail  , casey  , walmart  , amazon  , *rnrd  , justin  , facebook .com  , mapquest  , netflix  , face  , fb  , selena  , home Content words facebook  , youtube  , google  , craigslist  , lyric  , free  , bank  , map  , ebay  , online  , county  , porn  , tube  , coupon  , recipe  , anthony  , weather  , login  , park  , ca Therefore  , users in SearchAsk sessions are about twice as likely as in SearchOnly sessions to click on a Yahoo! The amplitude plot contains the amplitude of the data points and transfer functions. Thus  , by Definition 1  , the relative degree of the input-output transfer function is two  , regardless of how many modes are included. As an illustrative example of the parameterized query expansion in action  , consider the verbose query " What is the current role of the civil air patrol and what training do participants receive ? " Previous research in thesaurus-based query formulation and expansion has shown promising results. Similar to squeezing with a parallel jaw gripper  , the first step in analyzing this basic action could be to consider the degenerate case in which both fingers of the gripper touch the part simultaneously   , and there is no pull phase. Typically one to three dimensions account for this much variance  , but our result is comparable to similar analyses of large matrices 24. Hereby  , +1 denotes 100% consensus and -1 denotes completely opposed rating behavior. Besides  , the different kinds of expansion terms would be effective according to the query types such as diagnosis  , treatment  , and test. To validate the effectiveness of the proposed JRFL model in real news search tasks  , we quantitatively compare it with all our baseline methods on: random bucket clicks  , normal clicks  , and editorial judgments. Along the same vein  , a large body of recent research has focused on continuous queries over data streams e.g. In addition  , other dictionaries were built to perform query expansion. Figure 1a illustrates query translation without expansion. Due to the space limitations  , the details are omitted here. Our query expansion method is based on the probabilistic models described above. In this paper  , we present a query expansion technique that improves individual search by utilizing contextual information. al 10 explored query expansion  , while Zhang et. However  , the computational expense and availability of comparable expansion collections should be considered. In this case  , since the hub inertia of the flexible link may increase over its critical value at which the passivity of the transfer function is lost  , some modifications are made in the application of original passive controller 5. The x axis shows the size of the user profile and the y axis the average number of milliseconds to compute a neighbourhood for that profile size. More specifically  , after learning a quality prediction function Q using 10% of the training data  , we apply it to the remaining 90% of the training data  , by multiplying the learned weight vector w with the text feature vectors of the held-out reviews. From a traditional IR perspective  , our method is a massive query expansion technique. Combining either of these two expansion methods with query translation augmented by phrasal translation and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance above 90% monolingual. In some cases  , where the density among clusters differ widely  , there is not even a single set of parameter values for and M inP ts that allows to extract the real cluster structure of a dataset for DBSCAN 8. Overlapping data points occur frequently in 2-D plots and identifying each individual data point and its coordinates is a difficult task. Besides  , two issues have been studied: finding key information in topics  , and dynamic result selection. But searchable forms are very sparsely distributed over the Web  , even within narrow domains. In 6 is clarified that query reformulation involves either the restructuring of the original query or by adding new terms  , while query expansion is limited to adding new terms to the original query. First  , we examine the effect of window size on the role composition of each forum. 3 describes query expansion with parameterized concept weights. The rope tensile force  , fR   , can he represented by: In the field of machine learning  , determining the hyperparameters of a learning method is important and if they are improperly chosen these parameters can induce a poor performance. In a second experiment  , our goal was to estimate which of the topics has 10% or less of their aspects covered by the document collection. The popular user-user similarity measures are Pearson Correlation Coefficient 4  , 5  and the vector sim- ilarity 3. Expansion terms are integrated in our baseline system. The columns labeled 'all' indicates the results for all the systems in a test collection. Q1  , ..  , Q k are the queries in the training set and Qt is the test query. Overall  , the two newly proposed models  , as well as the query expansion mechanism on fields are shown to be effective. However  , when we apply query expansion to GTT 1  , the MAP decreases  , but the recall increases slightly. Query expansion using 30 expanded terms within top 20 documents. Pearson correlation coefficient says how similar two users are considering their ratings of items. The fundamental similarity between HCQF and automatic query expansion techniques is not hard to be discerned. First  , the K-best search is replaced with a search that obtains the shortest path through each node in the graph one for each path. As shown in fig.8  , the method of the force controller design based on the frequency characteristics using the impedance parameters is effective for the suppression of the disturbance. Query expansion with phrases suggested by the system 1. Finally  , the user interacts with the results. where Ijt is the corresponding source pixel intensity set in projector j at time t  , Sj . We show the feasibility of our proposed system with experimental results. Finally  , we propose a novel selective query expansion mechanism which helps in deciding whether to apply query expansion for a given query. The Pearson correlation between the elements of M and MΦ is However  , we use Kendall-τ as our final evaluation measure for comparing the rankings of systems produced by full set and a subset of queries. To rank the relevance  , we use the learning to rank technique  , which was successfully used in TREC 2011&2012 Microblog Track. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt for mining users' roles within a collaborative search  , which enables implicitly and dynamically assigning roles to users in which they can be most e↵ective at the current search stage. We then use term proximity information to calculate reliable importance weights for the expansion concepts. The repeatability and reliability of the measurements were evaluated by using Pearson correlation coefficient. For each configuration in our dataset we computed the values of absolute online and o✏ine metrics. The query likelihood method 11 serves for the retrieval method  , the effectiveness of which we predict. DBSCAN expands a cluster C as follows. Moreover  , the number of nonzero elements of user vectors is determined by the number of items that are given a non-nil response by both paired users. Naturally  , an abundance of research challenges  , in addition to those we address here  , arise. , query expansion on the translated queries  , and the combination-translation query expansion  , i.e. 1b  systems share three major components: Query Expansion   , Tweet Scoring  , and Redundancy Checking. We used external medical literature corpus MEDLINE®  as a tagged knowledge source to acquire useful query expansion terms. Besides  , Query Expansion technology is adopted in this run. To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method  , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. It is shown that if the tip-position is chosen as the output  , and the joint-torque is chosen as the input  , then the transfer function of the system is non-minimum phase. Simulation results are plotted in Figures 7-11. Pearson Correlation Coefficient PCC is defined as the basis for the weights 4. Figure 5d shows the learning curve of Q-learning incorporating DYNA planning. In contrast  , the Backward expanding strategy used in BANKS 3 can deal with the general model. However  , the activity signatures do give a more granular picture of the work style of different workers. This year we conduct a best-effort strategy to crawl online opinions in the following way: We first use the candidate suggestion name with its location city + state as the query to Google 1 it. If words are added to a query using relevant documents retrieved from a database of automatically transcribed audio   , then there is the danger that the query expansion may include recognition errors 14 . Armed with crowdsourced labels and feature vectors  , we have reduced circumlocution to a classical machine learning problem. We have conducted experiments with other approaches that allow intermediate values. This NBD-based similarity was calculated as 1 − NWDx  , y  , with NWDx  , y calculated as specified in Definition 2  , using the Microsoft Bing Search API 4 as a search engine. 2 reports the enhancement on CLIR by post-translation expansion. A secondorderdynamicwas foundsuperposed to the integral relation was found  , clearlyshowing the presence of an unnegligible structural deformation . For DBSCAN we do not show the results for DS4 and Swiss-roll since it returned only one cluster  , even when we played with different parameter set- tings. The parameters used for the TREC-8 experiments were as follows. The obtained transfer function matrix is given by: To identify the unknown parameters  , we use an autoregressive moving average with exogeneous model ARMAX. To find a cluster  , DBSCAN starts with an arbitrary object p in D and retrieves all objects of D density-reachable from p with respect to Eps and MinPfs. Two different approaches are compared. The frequency response and the fittef model obtained for this system is shown in The open loop transfer function is obtained through random testing with a Hewlett-Packard dynamic si nal analyzer. Thus  , query expansion technique to expand the base query was not very helpful. The audio signal is conditioned using a noise gating preamplifier with a variable compression amplification feature. The implementation of query expansion used for TREC-9 differs from this in two main ways. Query expansion methods augment the query with terms that are extracted from interests/context of the user so that more personally relevant results can be retrieved. The model distinguishes high-value from low-value paths  , that are paths with high and low Q-values. In this work  , we propose to use hashing methods to address the efficiency problem. , Qπ in our case is the AP of the  mutation π. , the sales home page for BTO must rank first in the search results. Hashtag-based query expansion HFB1 and HFB2 4. DFQL generalizes the continuous input space with hzzy rules and has the ability o f responding to the varying states with smoothly varying actions using fuzzy reasoning. At each step  , Q-learning generates a value for the swing time from a predefined discrete set 0.2 to 1.0 second  , increment of 0.02 second. Newton's Laws and Newton's Law of Gravity are the Limits for my One Law of Nature 39. One of the advantages of using MART is that we can obtain a list of features learned by the model  , ordered by evidential weight. The technique proposed assumes the parameter space to be discrete and runs the randomized query optimizer for each point in the parameter space. Focused crawling  , on the other hand  , attempts to order the URLs that have been discovered to do a " best first " crawl  , rather than the search engine's " breadth-first " crawl. " We apply DBSCAN to generate the baseclusters using a parameter setting as suggested in 8 and as refinement method with paramter settings for ε and minpts as proposed in Section 3.4. ll1is method is an appr oximate dynamic pro­ gramming method in which only value updating is per­ formed based on local informa tion. Now let where 8 is a small positive number. The strain gage output data were sampled at 20 kHz digitally using an IBM PC/XT with a METRABYTE Dash-16 data acquisition hardware. We first obtain the ground-truth of search intents for each eventdriven query. In idling conditions  , the following experimental transfer function was obtained: A high correlation therefore means that we can predict the rank order of the suites' effectiveness values given the rank order of their coverage values  , which in practice is nearly as useful as predicting an absolute effectiveness score. One can find many methods to design the controller transfer function K . We propose a new query expansion mechanism  , which appropriately uses the various document fields available. Search terminates when no new ps maybeopenedor~only remainingcandidatep: ,iSthe desired destinetionp~ itself. So  , it is obvious that there is agreement between the transfer function approach and the analytic optimization solution. Our experiments focused on query expansion techniques using INQUERY. For CXHist  , the buckets are initialized with nexp exponential values and the gradient descent update method with a learning rate of 1 is used. 7  , the result of path planning demonstrates that the method is able to handle the complexity terrain. In view of the lot related objective function  , it is not necessary to model the movement of individual transfer lots. Reference 4 describes the conditions for the closed-loop stability of the system. To analyze this  , we measured the Pearson correlation between the displayed popularity of a tag and the likelihood of a user to adopt the tag. The main theme in our participation in this year's HARD track was experimentation with the effect of lexical cohesion on document retrieval. However  , this approach does not provide any help for queries without relevance information. In the middle  , the solid line is the measured control signal v6  , and the dashed line the predicted controlled signal  , where the predicted signal is an output of the transfer function model when the control error e is given as an input. Therefore  , the proposed method is not just a specific controller design approach for a specific performance requirement. To overcome the third problem we can give greater importance to the last steps by increasing the rate of E changing. Figure 4shows the theoretical and experimental values for the bode plot of G ,. Another popular learning method  , known as sarsa  I I  , is less aggressive than Q-learning. In this section we introduce and discuss the results we obtained during the evaluation of the above mentioned predictors . We experimented with using row expansion to indirectly expand the query in 2 of our Main Web Task submissions. If the friendship measure is larger than the threshold  , the friend ID with its rating information is sent back to the target peer. How to select the best partitions is well-studied * Work done while the author was an Intern at Yahoo! Parameterized query expansion provides a flexible framework for modeling the importance of both explicit and latent query concepts. In order to test the effectiveness of the impedance controller with a single d.0.f. A retrieved document can be either relevant or irrelevant wrt. The pvalue denotes how likely the hypothesis of no correlation between the predicted and label data points is true. Kivinen and Warmuth focus on deriving upper bounds on the error of WH and EG for various settings of the learning rate q. Kivinen and Warmuth Kivinen & Warmuth  , 1994 study in detail the theoretical behavior of EG and WH  , building on previous work Cesa-Bianchi et al. The standard approach to document collection and indexing on the web is the use of a web crawler. We examined query expansion by traditional successful techniques  , i.e. In the two- Query Symptom q s  , dicts  , encycs  , roots  , synroots  , paras Based on this idea  , an optimization approach is developed to efficiently search for a weighting scheme. Model-based approaches group together different users in the training database into a small number of classes based on their rating patterns. However  , the internal crawl is restricted to the webpages of the examined site. In this representation  , the computer  , its terminal equipment  , and the system program are treated as a black box. i i = 1  , ···  , Nq to be the columns of Z q   , we have Z q ∈ R k×Nq . The object identification method here presented relies on composition and interpolation of object patterns . design hierarchical measures using the intent hierarchies to solve the problems mentioned above. As a result  , in terms of one tSk  , 2 N leaf nodes are generated and correspond t o tentative states. For query expansion  , we add a narritive term list to query term list and use the average weight of query terms as a threshold. By selecting items from this list he may transfer previous commands to the dialog window for editing and execution. The matrix of weights among all users or movies is the user movie correlation matrix. Overall  , Pearson correlation coefficient between Eye-tracking and ViewSer groups computed for each individual result was 0.64  , which indicates substantial cor- relation. The transfer function from u=ul u2 t t o e=el e21t is By definition  , the compensator C stabilizes the plant P if Il+PC 1#0 and all the elements of H  P   , G  are stable. Clusters are then formed based on these concepts. Then  , we describe the proposed concept-based temporal relevance model for query expansion. In a similar fashion to Section 4.1  , an electronic oscil­ lator was constructed with transfer function: The same table li\ts the values of several parameters. The Spearman's rank correlation coefficient is calculated using the Pearson correlation coefficient between the ranked variables. Table 2shows the effect of β-value on the performance of query expansion. We found that setting minP ts to 10 is a good compromise between the number of false clusters and missing clusters. The Local query expansion method can be formalized as follows. Our starting point is the following intuition  , based upon the observation that hashtags tend to represent a topic in the Twitter domain: From tweets T h associated with a hashtag h  , select a subset of tweets R h ⊆ T h that are relevant to an unknown query q h related to h. We build on this intuition for creating a training set for microblog rankers. Empirical results show that BBC-Press outperforms other potential alternatives by a large margin and gives good results on a variety of problems involving low to very highdimensional feature spaces. Typically a learning-to-rank approach estimates one retrieval model across all training queries Q1  , ..  , Q k represented by feature vectors  , after which the test query Qt is ranked upon the retrieval model and the output is presented to the user. Web-queries and ad-creatives are both very short  , so we hypothesized that query-expansion would be useful. Using query expansion method  , recall has been greatly improved. In this setting we extract proximity information from the documents inside R for computing the importance weights associated with the expansion terms. In the experiments in this section  , we investigate how attention affects learning and recognition of cluttered scenes. 7  , to the query aspects. In this example  , we will show two different approaches to find the transfer function matrix. Because the learning rate is smaller than unity  , without reward  , the value of a given stateaction pair decreases  , effectively causing the system to treat absence of reward as punishment. The central contribution of this work is the observation that a perfect document ranking system does not necessarily lead to an upper-bound expert search performance. Thus  , for the following experiments  , we adopted the T+G pattern to perform query expansion. To build a machine learning based quality predictor  , we need training samples. These two queries are very similar but mean for different things. Therefore we need to introduce additional contextual information for these short questions through query expansion. We followed Chapelle et al. When setting the speed-up factor to 1.0  , we obtain the number of updates denoted by MaxUpdates up to which the multiple application of IncrementalDBSCAN for each update is more efficient than the single application of DBSCAN to the whole updated database. Query expansion can be used to describe the user's information need more precisely e.g. To examine this  , we also measure the Pearson correlation of the queries' frequencies. For all messages retrieved  , the Pearson product-moment correlation between system ratings and manual ratings of relevance was about 0.4. We used MeSH Medical Subject Headings for query expansion. with the horizontal subsystem  , the goal is to find a passive transfer function by carefully choosing an output variable. Abraham Ittycheriah applied Machine Translation ideas to the Q/A 3. 3 Often  , query expansion does not literally re-use previously encountered terms but highly related ones  , instead. These previous studies suggested that query expansion based on term co-occurrences is unlikely to significantly improve performance 18. Wikipedia Topic-Entity Expansion Starting from top-15 documents ranked by our system  , we follow two query expansion steps: 1. Users rely on search engines not only to return pages related to their search query  , but also to separate the good from the bad  , and order results so that the best pages are suggested first. Query expansion for CSIs would be an easier approach to developing CSI-aware search engines  , since query expansion can be installed to on search engines without having to modify their document rankers. The controller is an 11th order transfer function  , which can not be found by PID control. The prediction value is the Pearson correlation between the original normalized scores in the list and the new scores. We compared the in-memory vector search with the inverse model using the basic Pearson correlation. We tentatively handled the query expansion by applying DM built in the step of indexing by Yatata. Similarly  , with h2q  , a threshold between documents 5 and 6 gives 3 errors documents 10-11 incorrectly classified as relevant  , and document 1 as non-relevant  , yielding an accuracy of 0.73. Here we empirically validate this intuition on the Epinion data  , as can be seen in Figure 2. A maximal box around the nominal p 0 is obtained by increasing . The resulting query aspects are kept as phrases for subsequent query expansion  , since phrases are reported to improve retrieval results when compared to single-word index- ing 14  , 15. Since the transfer function matrix in Eq. If the follower calculate U ,  , the follower could estimate the trajectory precisely using the transfer function GI as illustrated in Chapter 2. Moreover  , the Pearson product moment correlation coefficient 8  , 1 I  is utilized to measure the correlation between two itemsets. While automatic tag recommendation is an actively pursued research topic  , to the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to study in depth the problem of automatic and real-time tag recommendation  , and propose a solution with promising performance when evaluated on two real-world tagging datasets  , i.e. Now that a nondimensional controller has been designed   , it remains to be seen how this controller will perform in the dimensional domain on actual SFL manipulators . A recent work 30 also propose to incorporate content salience into predicting user attention on SERPs. Section 4 describes query expansion. The latter limits the number of successors for each expanded state to at most K states.  Google∼Web: Google search on the entire Web with query expansion. in our data we compare: #followers  , #followees  , #posts  , #days on Twitter  , #posts per day and ownership of a personal website. It requires assessors to compare the search results of the suggestions to that of the input query and awards those suggestions having better search results. In contrast  , in this work  , we apply a different method of changing the document ranking  , namely the application of a perfect document ranking. In all the simulation tests  , the parameters of the system are given by: I , More specifically  , each learning iteration has the following structure: Let us elaborate on some of the steps. For example  , many of the activities that the Reference Model for an Open Archival Information System OAIS 1 places within the Ingest function can be important and valuable to carry out  , not only during transfer to an archives  , but also during system design  , creation  , active use  , within the preservation environment  , during transfer to a secondary use environment and within the secondary use environment. , Pearson correlation with true AP. Instead of assuming a mechanical model  , we have decided to estimate a transfer function directly from the frequency response data. user-based and itembased methods  , using the Pearson correlation to measure the similarity. The exploration-cost estimate is used by the ECM to help remove certain types of incorrect advice. Each motor of the end-effector was treated separately and a control loop similar to the one in In this set of experiments  , the position transfer function matrix  , G  , the sensitivity transfer function  , S are measured. External expansion on a cleaner e.g. Query expansion comes from two sources and used in different stages. In the Q-learning  , the value of the state that is closer to goal state is higher. Table 1presents Pearson correlation coefficients that examined time taken to complete each search actual and estimated by subjects  , recall actual and estimated by subjects and number of documents saved. From the PI transfer function and the ARMAX model of the motor  , which had been previously determined  , the closed-loop transfer function Gz was calculated. This setup is more restricted than the one we investigate in this paper: we attempt to place test images as closely to their true geographic location as possible; we are not restricted by a set of classes. We can make the following observations. Soft time windows are used  , and K late = 50  , meaning every minute a delivery is late adds 50 units to the cost function. That means  , the weight of an edge between two objects X is equal to the correlation of these objects. However  , the tasks administered to the subjects included both factual questions as well as locating particular pages on the Web  , while our work focuses on finding the answers to factual questions in news articles. Among non-WebX query expansion methods  , Proper Noun Phrases  , Overlapping Sliding Window OSW  , and CF Terms helped retrieval performance for longer queries. Just as important as ensuring correct output for a query q is the requirement of preventing an adversary from learning what one or more providers may be sharing without obtaining proper access rights. Recall from Using the developed scaling laws 12  , the controller transfer function 11s scaled and applied to both of the dimensional SFL systems described at the beginning of the section. , we randomly remove p% of edges in E Q i from the graph. It will be of interest to compare between the quality of our suggested technique and the quality of standard query expansion techniques. The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. The Indri toolkit www.lemurproject.org was used for experiments. Since the performance of these methods is directly determined by the effectiveness of the kernel function used to estimate the propagated query relatedness probabilities for the expansion concepts  , we first need to compare three different proximity-based kernel functions to see which one performs the best. Results reported here are for qterminal = 300  , T = 300  , q = 1  , R = .33331 . It was also shown in 9  that for noncollocated position measurements  , the locations of the right half plane zeros of the resulting transfer function are highly sensitive to errors in model parameters and the distance between the actuator and the sensor. However  , with such collocated measurements  , the vibrations of the system are not controlled well enough. The submitted runs both use different forms of MeSH based query expansion. As the system under consideration is a distributed parameter system  , a lineax finite-dimensional model obtained by modal truncation procedures has been used in 3 and by most other researchers. Density-based methods identify clusters through the data point density and can usually discover clusters with arbitrary shapes without a pre-set number of clusters. With Q-Learning  , the learning rate is modeled as a function. Significantly different Pearson correlations from Sum # Postings are denoted *. This results in a fast determination of the shortest distance paths  , which enable the robot to navigate safely in narrow passages as well as efficiently in open spaces. Next  , state values and best action choices are updated in a bottom-up manner  , starting from the newly expanded state. The values of the sensitivity transfer functions along the normal and tangential directions  , within their bandwidths  , are 0.7 m / l b f and 0.197 in/lbf respectively. And we selected the top 20 terms as highly relevant expansion terms for the next scoring step. In the case of a manipulator control  , this term have not been seriously considered since the relative speed between a robot and an environment is small. LCE is a robust query expansion model that provides a mechanism for modeling term dependencies in query expansion. Table 2shows the Spearman correlation coefficient ρ and the Pearson correlation values for each of the distances with the AP. To measure prediction quality  , we follow common practice in work on QPP for document retrieval 2. I 1Displacement control with inverse transfer function compensation integrals  , the output of the compensator is generally stable. Then we predict a missing rate by aggregating the ratings of the k nearest neighbours of the user we want to recommend to. Below  , we vary this bound and see how it influences the correlation between o✏ine metrics and interleaving. In the following sections we elaborate on our query expansion strategies. , the disturbance attenuation in low frequencies   , from the input reference to the output is tackled. Once the learned policy is good enough to control the robot  , the second phase of learning begins. What we need is a similarity measure that can be used to find documents similar to the seed abstracts from a large database. We strongly recommend the use of pre-translation expansion when dictionary-or corpus-based query translation is performed; in some instances this expansion can treble performance. Our expansion procedure worked by first submitting the topic title to answer.com  , and then using the result page for query expansion. One possible reason for this could be the fact that the parameter of DBSCAN is a global parameter and cannot be adjusted per-cluster. Calibration data was obtained by scanning the MAST sensor across the tube bundle to obtain data for both the y and z axes. Since the controller gives a new degree of freedom to modify the transfer functions GI and G2 independently  , this is called a two degrees of freedom 2DOF controller. Besides thesaurus based QE described in section 1 and 2  , we proposed a new statistical expansion approach called local co-occurrence based query expansion  , shown in section 3. To the best of our knowledge  , the SSTM is the first model that accommodates a variety of spatiotemporal patterns in a unified fashion. The retrieval evaluation metric is AP . However  , by construction  , these configurations are contained in the same connected component and can be joined by a transfer path. After learning  , all motor primitive formulations manage to reproduce the movements accurately from the training example for the same target velocity and cannot be distinguished. Without query expansion  , the difference between short and long queries is 0.0669. Heat transfer and temperature distributions during welding are complex and a solution to the equations is dependent on the thermal conductivity  , specific heat and density of the mass as a function of temperature. and E-= q ,e3 ,egl. The controller transfer function is redimensionalized by essentially scaling t ,he zeros and poles of the nondimensional controller. Solutions for the SB approach were obtained running simulated annealing for R = 50  , 000 rounds. They defined an observability index  , e.g. For OP- TICS  , M inP ts is set to a fixed value so that density-based clusters of different densities are characterized by different values for . A passage importance score is given to each passage unit and extended terms are selected in LCA. The physical parameters corresponding to this transfer function are shown in Table I. In addition  , letˆMΦletˆ letˆMΦ ∈ R l×1 be the vector of l average performance scores computed based on the query subset  , QΦ  , and the performance matrixˆXmatrixˆ matrixˆX. The correlation does not indicate how often the computer grader would have assigned the correct grade. Our contribution is three-fold: to the best of our knowledge  , this is a first attempt to i investigate diversity for event-driven queries  , ii use the stream of Wikipedia article changes to investigate temporal intent variance for event-driven queries 2   , and iii quantify temporal variance between a set of search intents for a topic. Instead  , our query expansion method includes all expansion concepts in CE. This component may also incorporate other query expansion strategies  , such as knowledge-based query expansion . Usually  , position controllers are developed using transfer functions from the input torque T to the tip position y. The knowledge offered by a learning object LO i and the prerequisites required to reach that LO are denoted LO i and PR i respectively. Given these assumptions  , computing relevance requires the following steps : Query Expansion. The other main problem is that of incorporating prior knowledge into the learning system. However  , as software evolves  , the maintenance problems with cross-cutting concerns still exist  , even in the aspectized programs or the programs developed with AOP from the beginning . As we can see  , the best result is provided by RL D-2 99.31%  , 20.09 sec. In our first attempt we did a plain full text keyword search for labels and synonyms and created one mapping for the best match if there was one. Note that in contrast  , LTRoq integrates instantiations of the same predictor with various values of n as feature functions. They are: This might also depend on the difference in separability of the Qrels sets from the entire collection. These constraints are called QFT bounds and are usually shown on the Nichols chart 12 . Since softassign determines the correspondence between data sets  , the exact correspondences are not needed in advance. Both our weighting scheme and the two weighting schemes to be compared are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method to predict ratings for test users. So without prior knowledge  , efficient search  , compare to trial and error   , is possible. The two expanded forms now have high cosine similarity. More recently  , Deutscher et ai. We compared the results of top-k retrieved documents of each query without synonym expansion  , and those of the same query with synonym expansion. During our experiments  , DBSCAN outperformed CLARANS 8 by a factor of between 250 and 1900  , which increases with the size of the database. The other method defines a global score function over the whole collection and solves the optimization problem with simulated annealing. In order to improve the retrieval recall we decided to set up a full automatic query expansion module. 1  , 0.99 is employed. It corresponds to the cosine of deviations from the mean: The first one proposed in 2 is pearson correlation. Plural and singulars were added using lexical-based heuristics to determine the plural form of a singular term and viceversa . Since a cluster in DBSCAN contains at least one core object  , MinP ts also defines the minimum number of objects in a cluster. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that relates results quality and diversity to expected payoff and risk in clicks and provides a model to optimize these quantities. By reusing S q and the prediction cachê rui  , we can calculate the objective function in O|R| + M K 2  time  , much faster than with direct calculation. Although we found stronger correlations with tags from a user's own culture own = 0.66  , other = 0.42  , we did not find significant differences between cultures. This application of expansion strategy aims to achieve high precision and moderate recall. We use Bo1 model 11 to get query expansion words. Based on a word-statistical retrieval system  , 11 used definitions and different types of thesaurus relationships for query expansion and a deteriorated performance was reported. 2  , we also extend it with two commonly used strategies  , i.e. Similar to the facts reflected by the Pearson correlation in Figure 4  , the social media-based methods outperform computational epidemiology-based methods like SEIR and EpiFast in small lead time by achieving low MSE and peak time error. 28 use Wordnet for query expansion and report negative results. Given a query q  , our goal is to maximise the diversity of the retrieved documents with respect to the aspects underlying this query. The correlation could be for instance calculated by similarity measures like Pearson Correlation or Cosine Similarity  , which are often used in the field of Recommender Systems. She also chooses a city DuTH B vs A +24 ,58% +23 ,14% +41 ,19% and rates its consisting POIs using the same criteria. Query dependent expansion. With the values of the physical and control parameters used to produce the experiment of Fig. The controlled system's transfer function under perturbation becomes: The plant transfer function P z is . By taking average of all Errk t   , we can define error T opicErr in learning topics for each model as performs the same when Q = 100. In this section  , we describe how the gene lexical variants section 2.2 and the domain knowledge section 2.3 are utilized for query expansion and how the query expansion is implemented in the IR model described in section 2.4. The advantage of the proposed technique is that the controller dynamics are not computed in terms of the system parameters as is the case with self-tuning regulators . The value of parameter CT at ET ll& along with SP s = s determines RR for the path point Qu ,. The difficulty in any controller design is proper modeling of the plant to be controlled. where µ is a discount factor that defines how trustworthy the new observations are. Then  , Sec. Totally  , we have 1327 states in the state space Kisilevich et al. The transfer function with impedance casuality: importance of admittance causality is clear when considering virtual environments such as rigid body simulations . To determine the statistical significance of the Pearson correlation coefficient r  , the p − value has been used in this work. Interestingly  , while we observed a correlation between the averaged contribution and citation counts  , there seems to be no such relation between averaged contribution and reader counts Figures 1b and 1 h. As in the previous case  , there is no correlation between the contribution measure and reader counts  , which is confirmed by Pearson r = 0.0444. The online dictionary Wikipedia 2 was utilized to accomplish the expansion. Suppose that we want the learning to optimize the ranking function for an evaluation score S. S can be a listwise ranking score  , e.g. Where Qd is the continuously differentiable bounded desired trajectory and Fs is any relative order one  , strictly proper exponentially stable transfer function. Section 5 explains the experimental results for our run. Researchers have frequently used co-occurring tags to enhance the source query 4  , 5. These multiple translations usually are exchangeable. The results of this comparison are summarized in Table 6. First  , we consider the mechanism of behavioral learning of simple tar get approaching. Figure 1illustrates the general framework for relation based query expansion. This lack of relationship between sentiment and success may be a masking effect  , due to the correlation between positive sentiment and other variables like reciprocity Pearson correlation coefficient r = .08 and word length r = .10. Based on the above discussions   , the force compensator transfer-function K  s = A large admittance corresponds to a rapid motion induced by a p plied forces; while a small admittance represents a slow reaction to contact forces. For any basic action for inside-out grasping  , we woiild like to show that the corresponding transfer function is monotonic. Figure 10: MaxUpdates depending on database size for different relative frequencies of deletions The improvement over the no expansion baseline becomes significant after expanding two query terms for the idf method  , and after only expanding one query term for predicted Pt | R. Similarly  , including more expansion terms along each column almost always improves retrieval  , except for the idf method in Table 1with only one query term selected for expansion. Using query expansion is a popular method used in information retrieval. Given a search query  , ResearchIndex retrieves either the documents document option for which the content match best the query terms  , or the citations citation option that best matches the query terms. Thus  , to efficiently maintain an up-to-date collection of hidden-Web sources  , a crawling strategy must perform a broad search and simultaneously avoid visiting large unproductive regions of the Web. The Pearson correlation coefficient is used as a similarity measure for OTI evaluations. Simulated responses of the experimental setup to 20 N disturbance force stcp are shown in Fig. 7shows the transfer of center of gravity of Brachiator111 calculated from each measuring point. During the motion data are gathered from absolute position sensor  , x ∈ R 2   , force sensor tendons tensions  , F ∈ R 3   , and motor encoders  , q ∈ R 3 . The %bust Perfornlance Problem RPP 20 is solved  , c.e. When is the best performance achieved ? The use of relation path query expansion DRQER under RBS can further improve the MRR score to over 0.554  , which is significantly better than the best reported results in 8 for RBS without query expansion. Each lesson lasts a few seconds  , so a complete learning session should last few minutes  , allowing the robot to quickly set-up each time the operative conditions change. One of the first focused web crawlers was presented by 8 which introduced a best-first search strategy based on simple criteria such as keyword occurrences and anchor texts. Each grasping action corresponds to an orientation of the gripper. Equation 1 8 shows a twodimensional example for choice of D  s l where m l and m2  , representing the apparent masses in various directions  , are the designers choice. Learning the combination weight w can be conducted by maximizing the log-likelihood function using the iterative reweighted least squares method. They search for a good sequence of tree edit operations using complex and computationally expensive Tree Kernel-based heuristic. The number of expansion terms that worked best with the TREC 2011 qrels is 10 expansion terms for each query term. Future work will look at incorporating document-side dependencies  , as well. from the learning and diagnostic heuristics point of view  , the goal is not only to diagnose the error but also to encode the diagnostic heuristics for the error hypothesis. Once these features are removed the remaining point cloud consists of a dense cluster of payload points with a few outliers introduced from dust. Given a temporal binning of top-n results  , the temporal query-expansion approach scores candidate expansion terms according to , As shown in section 4  , there are many different similarity measures available. Therefore  , it may be true that within low frequency range  , for example until the natural frequency  , the estimated force can become a good approximate value. Admissible heuristic function guarantees to find optimal solutions  , that means the cheapest 1 path from start to goal node if the path exists. To our best knowledge  , this is the first study of the extent to which an upper-bound limit of expert search performance is achievable when in presence of perfect document rankings. The learning rate is also fasterFig.4. Query noise reduction reduces query length from 47.22% to 63.69%  , tion  , marked †. In contrast  , our group of human annotators only had a correlation of 0.56 between them  , showing that our APS 0.35 's agreement with human annotators is quite close to agreement between pairs of human annotators. The Pearson correlation coefficient is 0.669 p<0.0005 indicating a similar relationship between the actual and estimated pre-release defect density. Query Expansion. In the course of Q-learning  , a utility function of action-state pairs  , Q  , will be gradually obtained that indicates which action in some state will lead to a better state in order to receive rewards in the future. In LEM  , however  , the robot wanders around the field crossing over the states easy to achieve the goal even if we initially place it at such states. Distance between documents was computed as 1 -cosine similarity. Since the resulting impedance of such a system is lower than the minimal constituent impedance  , the role of the control block G  , becomes clear  , and it is the reduction of the high contact impedance of a position controlled robotic system. Our preliminary study shows that precision and recall of the system improve after integrating the new query expansion module. Streemer also requires similar parameters  , but we found that it is not sensitive to them. 1. Now  , having theoretically grounded – in an ontological key 23 – the initial  , basic notions -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are objects of the continuous and differentiable function of the Universe -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are equally motivated to strive to become better and/or the best I would like to pass on to the problem of the search for information  , having first formulated what information is. Query expansion runs  , as our baselines  , outperform the median and mean of all 140 submissions. Intuitively  , the search performance depends on the quality of the alignment. In this strategy  , instead of query expansion  , we first calculate a relevance score based on the original keyword query Q. Similarly  , the average improvement in Pearson correlation rises from 7% to 14% on average. Figure 8is a block diagram of the direct controller when it is applied to an n=2  , m=l  , d=l plant. Table 8we show the percentage of the good expansion terms  , as classified in section 5.3.1  , which were chosen by each subject as being possibly useful for query expansion. is synonymy expansion or morphological variant expansion helpful ? Furthermore  , induction of the magnetic circuit results in a first order transfer function that governs the behavior of the output torque. The quality of such rules is expressed with a confidence-intervalP with P = .95  , and the employed search strategy is beamsearchW  ,D. The Pearson correlations of the predicted voice quality and human-annotated voice quality are illustrated in Table  3. Each of the three bits per word performs a specific function. shows the experimental and least-squaresfitted open-loop transfer functions from elbow torque command to elbow motor tachometer and to tip accelerometer outputs using an HP 3562A Dynamic Signal Analyzer for this experiment  , the shoulder motor was locked and the arm is in its unloaded configuration. The convergence of the estimated Qvalues   , ˆ Qs  , a  , to their optimal values  , ⋆ Qs  , a  , was proven in 4 under the conditions that each state-action pair is updated infinitely often  , rewards are bounded and α tends asymptotically to 0. In the first paper  , it was put forward that Q-learning could be used at any level of the control hierarchy. We have shown in 21  that 5-and 7-term LSs perform best  , depending on whether the focus is on obtaining the best mean rank or the highest percentage of top ranked URIs. Figure 8 shows the predicted response of the subject using the transfer function model defined in 17  , where the measured controlled signal ys of the practised operator and the predicted signal are shown. The remainder of this article is structured as follows: In the next section  , we explain the task and assumptions   , and give a brief overview of the Q-learning. Furthermore we assume that the Pearson correlation between the different measurement dimensions y i and y j is equal to ρ for all i  , j. Pearson Correlation Coefficient between user u and v is: It measures the similarity between users based on their normalized ratings on the common set of items co-rated by them. The value of a function mapping is a member of the enumerated set FN-RETURN = { Preconditlon-Error  , Previous-Menuf Prevlous-Screen  , Master-Menu-Or-Exit  , Screen-Error }. The results in Table 1show that the PI-based grasp controller performs remarkably well under the experimental conditions. The manufacturing system considered in this paper consists of two cells linked together by a material system composed of two buffers A and B and a conveyor. Spector and Flashner 9 analysed the zeros of a pinned-free beam transfer function for both collocated and noncollocated systems. However  , two factors directly determine the end performance of diagnostic expansion  , 1 the effectiveness of term diagnosis  , and 2 the benefit from expansion. For each user u  , let wa ,u be the Pearson-Correlation between user a and user u. Suppose we have in the node Z state with R started separated sessions. This time  , we draw the scatter plot between the JRFL predicted ranking scores and CTRs on the same set of URLs as shown in Figure 2. In twitter corpus based query expansion  , we first use TREC-API to get the top ranked tweet set. Each neuron receives as input all the outputs from the previous layer  , and applies a specific weight and a transfer function to this input  , to then pass this result to the neurons in the next layer. For our Web-search-based query expansion  , the timestamp provided with the topics was utilized to simulate the live query expansion from the web described in Section 4. The figures depict the resulting clusters found by DBSCAN for two different values for and a fixed value for M inP ts; noise objects in these figures are shown as circles. , temporal similarity and location-based similarity using different correlation metrics: Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient  , Spearman's rank correlation coefficient  , and Kendall tau rank correlation coefficient. Furthermore  , with a rigid manipulator   , the sensor and actuator are collocated. We used information theoretic query expansion and focused on careful paremeter selection. proposed a simulated annealing approach with several heuristics 9  , and Mathioudakis et al. The query relatedness at each expansion term position is then calculated by counting the accumulated query  relatedness density from different query terms at that position . In all our experiments  , the term frequency normalisation parameters are optimised using Simulated Annealing 15. Afterwards the Q-Learning was trained. We also noticed an interesting observation in query expansion for 2013 topics; results with a low number of expansion tweets were the best  , while increasing the number of expansion tweets resulted in a decrease in P@30 as represented in Figure 2. The index is dependent on the transfer function. Had the transformation to be carried out on the XML transfer syntax  , many of those component properties would need to be collected cumbersomely. In this system  , several factors are connected with each other in series. This leads to the assumption of a constant transfer function for H at low frequencies where contact forces are small for all values of hand controller position. Our automatic query expansion included such techniques as noun phrase extraction  , acronym expansion  , synonym identification  , definition term extraction  , keyword extraction by overlapping sliding window  , and Web query expansion. Studies of expansion technologies have been performed on three levels: efficient query expansion based on thesaurus and statistics  , replacement-based document expansion  , and term-expansion-related duplication elimination strategy based on overlapping measurement. These deviations from mean ratings are then compared for each vector component  , that is  , for each technology pair being evaluated with regard to synergetic potential. The function @ ,x is the mode shape of the i-th mode and qit is the generalized coordinate of the system. Our experimental evaluation is divided into three main parts: 1 extracting entity-synonym relationships from Wikipedia  , and improving time of synonyms using the NYT corpus  , 2 query expansion using time-independent synonyms  , and 3 query expansion using time-dependent synonyms. We hope query expansion will provide some so-called topic words for a query and also increase the mutual disambiguation of common query words. This self-organizing feature makes system performance better than that of the conventional Fuzzy Q-Learning FQL of 181  , in which structure identification  , such as partitioning the input and output space and determination of number of fuzzy rules are still carried out offline and kept fixed during learning. In this approach  , the first step is computing the similarities between the source user and other users. The TREC datasets specified in Table 1were used for experiments. Prediction quality measured using Pearson correlation serves as the optimization criterion in the learning phase. That was in contrary to the results we got using query expansion over 2011 and 2012 topics. To extract features related to query expansion  , we first name the origin query offered by TREC'14 OriginQuery. sign that we chose to undertake when the leg phase alternates between support and transfer. These persistent terms are especially useful for matching navigational queries  , because the relevance of documents for these queries are expected to not change over time. To simplify the problem   , we model each axis of a machine tool as a simple second-order transfer function. Figure 12shows the experimental system used for velocity response experiment. Step 3: Query term expansion A method similar to LCA 3 was adopted as a query term expansion technique. The closed loop transfer function governing the system's response in the NS mode is: Researchers have also investigated users' ability to select good terms for query expansion 15  , 23  , 25. This equation shows that the contact torque is affected not only by the reference torque but also by the motion of the environment. Arabic query expansion was handled in different ways for INQUERY sub-runs and LM sub-runs. We use the first 20% of the NSH-1 Dataset not included in the evaluation to train the parameters and thresholds in HerbDisc  , by maximizing the average F 1 -measure. q Optimized Set Reduction OSR  , which is based on both statistics and machine learning principles Qui86. With regards to RQ1 cluster stability scores range from 0.20 to 0.96. described in the previous section and closing the outer loop by a PID controller Es  , the following transfer function can be derived: 2 Beyond the torque capacity of 150mN m  , the hybrid actuation is associated with saturation in position control bandwidth at a certain frequency due to the time constant of joint and muscle dynamics. Thus  , a framework for achieving the twofold objectives of uniform deposition and good transfer efficiency is provided. This indicates that the chosen features were able to accurately predict the AP for the expanded and unexpanded lists of each query. , 74% less than the case of hlm  , i.e. 2 We propose hierarchical measures using intent hierarchies   , including Layer-Aware measures  , N-rec  , LD♯-measures  , LAD♯-measures  , and HD♯-measures. This approach is suitable for building a comprehensive index  , as found in search engines such as Google or AltaVista. For the query expansion component  , we adopt twostage PRF query expansion with HS selection strategy. Query expansion addresses this problem by adding to the query extra terms with a similar meaning or some other statistical relation to the set of relevant documents. The motivation stems from the observation that the past frequency of requests is not always strongly correlated with their future frequency  , especially in the case of infrequent requests 7. The higher variance of the document expansion run compared to a run without expansion cmuPrfPhr vs. cmuPrf- PhrE also differs from the findings from the 2011 query set  , where document expansion was seen to reduce query performance variance from the baseline and when combined with PRF. Five different learning coefficients ranging: from 0.002 to 0.1 are experimented. The objective of passive control is to design controllers such that the closed-loop system is stable and passive. Instructors select materials useful for promoting learning while students use them to learn. This is unlike simulated annealing or MaxWalkSat  , which simultaneously offer settings to all features at every step of their reasoning. But in high-dimensional spaces the parameter ε specifying the density threshold must be chosen very large  , because a lot of dimensions contribute to the distance values. When the maxlength is three  , AUPlan has about 85% of the optimal solution. In the case of DBSCAN the index finds the correct number of clusters that is three. With active control  , the actuator is backdrivable. In our work  , we use four pairs to calculate a candidate transformation. Taking the complexity of human emotions in account  , an accuracy of 0.514 on predicting 8 emotions can be considered a relatively high score. At the next generation  , a new exploration space that includes the actions that is succeeded in the previous generation is generated. Similar efficiency considerations for using several query models were described in some recent reports on predicting query performance and on robust query expansion 36  , 3. In the past query-expansion on web-results has been shown to be useful for ad retrieval2. An example of aplying the equivalent transfer function for minimizing the size of a SPN a Where: This year We have tested two different methods for query expansion based on DbPedia and UMLS. On the other hand  , at low frequencies in particular at DC  , since the operator can follow the hand controller motion comfortably  , he can always establish almost constant contact forces between his hand and the hand controller. That is  , the first X documents are retrieved from the ranked list  , where X is the number which gives the best average effectiveness as measured by the E value. The parameters  , Eps and MinP ts  , are critical inputs for DBSCAN. where x and y are the 100 reciprocal performance scores of manual evaluation and automatic evaluation  , respectively. Figure 3d shows a zoom of the bottom left corner of Figure 3 a  , where Western countries are clustered except Cyprus  , which has 25.3% Muslim population. The challenge from a robotics perspective is to determine when role switching is advantageous to the team  , versus remaining in their current roles. The basic method by which different techniques were compared was query expansion. 7is obtained  , where Tis a certain transfer function. According to the best of our knowledge  , this is the first paper that describes an end-to-end system for answering fact lookup queries in search engines. Web-based expansion  , on the other hand  , searches much larger external data sources of the Web  , and has shown to be an effective query expansion strategy for difficult queries Kwok  , Grunfeld & Deng  , 2005. , bigrams. Although it takes long time to converge  , the learning method can find a sequence of feasible actions for the robot to take. As indicated in lo  , using the minimum force objective function  , the force setpoinl  , solutions for all supporting legs show major discontinuitien whenever the leg phase alternates between support and transfer. However  , their method uses thousands of features extracted from hundreds of posts per person. The 2-inertia system in F i g 5 can be expressed with an equivalent block diagram in Fig.6: Transfer function description of Fig.5where Figure 5shows a block diagram of a one-link robot arm which consists of a moter  , an arm and an ER damper. remains unsolved. Some groups found that query expansion worked well on this collection  , so we applied the " row expansion " technique described in last year's paper 10. Points with fewer than minP ts in their ǫ neighbourhood are considered as noise within the DBSCAN framework  , unless on the boundary of a dense cluster. The Coupling Matrix Q is a function of the manipulator's configuration and is a measure of the system's sensitivity to the transfer of vibrational energy to its supporting structure. , NDCG by using the Simulated Annealing which uses a modification of downhill Simplex method for the next candidate move to find the global min- imum. The state space consists of the initial state and the states that can be transited by generated actions. In DBSCAN a cluster is defined as a set of densely-connected points controlled by  which maximize density-reachability and must contain at least M inP ts points. It is well known that if actuator and sensor are located at the same point co-location then the transfer function is passive and thus it is possible to develop a very simple controller. If we join all subsystems in accordance with the position based dynamic look and move structures we obtain the system's block diagram. The effect of expansion on the top retrieved documents depends on ho~v good the expansion is. Typical state lattice planners for static domains are implemented using a best-first search over the graph such as A* or D*-lite. During a search  , the crawler only follows links from pages classified as being on-topic. This loop is described by the transfer function TJ from sensed force Fs to actuator force Fa. Therefore  , the selective query expansion mechanism provides a better early precision. The increase in search space can also be seen in the size of the resulting lattice. It makes us believe that a prediction framework based on traditional position factors and the newly proposed visual saliency information may be a better way than existing solutions in modeling the examination behavior of search users. This approach then avoids the problem of h a v i n g a transfer function zero near the u n i t c i r c l e . However   , it is a little surprising that the largest improvement in retrieval performance was found with simplest method of term selection and weighting for query expansion. This leaves the whole question of the effectiveness of query expansion unresolved. Simulated anneahng has been used m a variety of apphcation areas to good effect Klrkpatrlck 83. We compared researchers with similar interests in terms of their PVRs. We hope that query expansion will add words which are more specific than the words in the original query. Fortunately  , we saw in §2.2 that Θ Q could be more accurately estimated by applying supervised learning. , E k  using Equation 2. The general idea is to reduce the problem to showing the proof of completeness for polygonal parts which has already been proven 4. The modular design of the ARMin robot that allows various combinations of proximal and distal arm training modes will also provide the platform for the search of the best rehabilitation practice. These values for the constraints were decided after observing the experimental results. Ruthven 3 compared the relative effectiveness of interactive query expansion and automatic query expansion and found that users were less likely than systems to select effective terms for query expansion. Description-only with Query Expansion run Run name: JuruDesQE . A single cost function has to be found that combines the costs of dgebraic operations and the transfer of data between subsequent operations in a unique fashion. To eliminate outliers and potential noise  , we only consider ages for which we have at least 100 observations. They did not evaluate their method in terms of similarities among named entities. In Section 1 we discussed the challenges of learning and evaluation in the presence of noisy ground truth and sparse features. Our robot can select an action to be taken in the current state of the environment. Different meta-path based ranking features and learning to rank model can be used to recommend nodes originally linked to v Q i via these removed edges. As more domain knowledge used to guide the search  , less real data and planning steps are required. email sw@microsoft.com 1 Now the University o f W estminster. In order to describe the search routines  , it is useful to first describe the search space in which they work. We weight query terms at a ratio of 25:1 relative to the expansion terms. Each weight of CMAC has an additional information to store a count of updation of the weight. It is obviously that this query expansion operation dramatically enriches the content of query. The best 900 rules  , as measured by extended Laplace accuracy  , were saved. For comparison purposes  , the corresponding results for the knowledge-based controller and the Q-learning controller are reported in columns a and b  , respectively. Focusing on any experience group  , the feature that is most strongly correlated with popularity is the number of publications 8 : the correlation reaches 0.81 for the most experienced scholars both Pearson and Spearman coefficients. Query expansion had an additional  , positive  , impact.