We start with a brief introduction to the 4-bar legs in Section 2 followed by a modeling discussion in Section 3 that introduces a polynomial representation of the empirical funct ,ion relating strain nieasurement to leg configuration . Our scope of machine learning is limited to the fitting of parameter values in previously prescribed models  , using prescribed model-fitting procedures. Thus we have arrived at the following method for detecting anomalies in a program with flowchart G. Let R be the regular expression for the paths in G. R may be mapped into an expression E in A where the node identifiers are replaced by the elements of A that represent the variable usage. By fitting data to parameterized models  , surface or boundary-based representations impose strong geometric assumptions on the sensor data. The major difference between MT-based CLIR and our approach is that the former uses one translation per term and the latter uses multiple translations. Moreover  , the Pearson product moment correlation coefficient 8  , 1 I  is utilized to measure the correlation between two itemsets. Gates' vision of " robots in every home " includes a Roomba  , a laundry-folding robot  , and a mobile assistive robot within the home  , with security and lawn-mowing robots outside 1. The matrices Wqs  , Wss  , Wis  , W ds denote the projections applied to the vectors q  , sr  , ir  , dr+1; the matrix I denotes an identity matrix. The experiments show that the local approach is indeed superior to the global approach  , both in terms of accuracy and quality of the completed databases. -PAR 1 is set to maxobj = 100. Note that we refer to these as quality scores and not as relevance scores  , since they incorporate additional factors other than pure query relevance e.g. Although both multi-probe and entropy-based methods visit multiple buckets for each hash table  , they are very different in terms of how they probe multiple buckets. The corresponding learning curves  , convergence rates  , and the average rewards are different based on the property values and the number of the blocks. The characteristics of such pivots are discussed in PLSA did a poor job with the smaller yeast data  , whereas PLSA results with human data are quite interesting. On both datasets  , the feature weight shows that powerful users tend to express a more varied range of emotions. We retrieve documents with the expanded query˜qquery˜ query˜q  , which provides us with a retrieval score per document. The random replacement of duplicate attribute codes as well as the normal randomization of the original attributes necessitates a search for original descriptor/requestor attribute matches subsequent to bucket address decoding during retrieval operation. The TREC-9 collection contains articles published in Hong Kong Commercial Daily  , Hong Kong Daily News  , and Takungpao. For RL3 anchor log was used to reform current query  , search it in indri  , then calculate the similarity between current query and documents. After the sparse codes for all training data are obtained  , an eigensystem of a small matrix Q ∈ R K×K is solved in OK 3  time to obtain the projection matrix W and corresponding hash functions. Although inany strategies can be used for performing the defuzzifi- cation 8  , we use the height defuzzification method given by where CF is a scale factor. Here  , " Architecture " is an expression of the pattern-matching sublanguage. Proceedings of the 24th VLDB Conference New York  , USA  , 1998 search have produced several results for efficiently supporting similarity search  , and among them  , quadratic form distance functions have shown their high usefulness. Standard pruning is straightforward and can be accomplished simply by hashing atomsets into bins of suhstructures based on the set of mining bonds. We believe that addressing the navigation problem in a hyper-environment is challenging but feasible  , because semantic annotations provide machines with the ability to access what readers normally consider shared contextual information together with the information which is hidden in the resource. As a result of this the queries themselves are comparable in size to the documents in the collection. For example  , AbdulJaleel and Larkey describe a transliteration technique 1  that they successfully applied in English- Arabic CLIR. We address this problem with a dynamic annealing approach that adjusts measurement model entropy as a function of the normalized likelihood of the most recent measurements . The testing procedures for correlated rs and partial rs are discussed in Hotelling 1940 and The Pearson product moment correlation was used to measure the relations among the SRDs  , since they are all measured continuously. The framework has three core components: an actor similarity module to compute actor similarity scores  , a document matching module to match user queries with indexed documents  , and a SNDocRank module to produce the final ranking by combining document relevance scores with actor similarity scores. We believe that much future work can be done. Table IIIpresents the significant R coefficients between the parameters and each objective  , as well as the corresponding p-values p for the statistical significance of the association. To understand the content of the ad creative from a visual perspective  , we tag the ad image with the Flickr machine tags  , 17 namely deep-learning based computer vision classifiers that automatically recognize the objects depicted in a picture a person  , or a flower. The XQuery core's approach to support recursive navigation is based on the built-in descendant-or-self function and the internal typing function recfactor as we have already seen in Section 2. However  , due to the representation of the collision function by a potential field  , path planning may stick into local minima as it is shown in figure 6 d where the obstacle regions are represented by two rectangular regions. KIM has a rule-based  , human-engineered IE system  , which uses the ontology structure during pattern matching and instance disambiguation.  We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. The returned score is compared with the score of the original model λ evaluated on the input data of 'splitAttempt'. Its main function is to transfer users demands to the concerned pool and the informations possibly returned to users from the pool. In 12  , 14  , 22  , 26  , queries were classified according to users' search needs  , for instance  , topic distillation  , named page finding  , and homepage finding. We use the output of FC7  , the second fully-connected layer  , which results in a feature vector of length F = 4096. We thus aim to apply an automatic feature engineering approach from deep learning in future works to automatically generate the correct ranking function. We then use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise user similarity information. Investigation of Moodle's access control model revealed 31 semantic smells and 2 semantic errors  , distributed in 3 categories. Frequent closed itemsets search space is exponential to |I| i.e.  Which ontological relationships are most useful as query expansion terms for the field of educational research ? One may note that the above type of similarity measure for search request formulations may be applied to any description of both query and document. In addition to testing the eeectiveness of the term weighting framework  , we were interested in evaluating the utility of query expansion on the WT10g collection. Our second model Entity-centric estimates the relevance of each individual entity within the collection and then aggregates these scores to determine the collection's relevance. To tackle these problems  , we propose a complete system  , based on a number of well-established technologies  , allowing ontology engineers to deploy their ontologies  , providing the necessary infrastructures to support their exploitation  , and ontology users in reusing available knowledge  , providing essential  , community-based functionalities to facilitate the search  , selection and exploitation of the available ontologies. Selecting a set of words relevant to the query would reduce the effect of less-relevant interpretation words affecting the calculation. Although Miller-Charles experiment was carried out 25 years later than Rubenstein- Goodenough's  , two sets of ratings are highly correlated pearson correlation coefficient=0.97. defined in Section II-D with each g re from the set of regular expression templates RELib˜pRELib˜ RELib˜p . Model-based approaches group together different users in the training database into a small number of classes based on their rating patterns. However  , it has a weakness in that it requires two distance computations at every node during a search and is limited to a branching factor of two. In this case  , since the hub inertia of the flexible link may increase over its critical value at which the passivity of the transfer function is lost  , some modifications are made in the application of original passive controller 5. The advantages of this type of programming language in compiler-like tools is well-known 1. The query mix of BSBM use often 16 predicates. We also evaluated the response time for similarity name search  , illustrated in Figure 11. In this approach a probability matrix that defines the likelihood of jumping from one point to another is used to generate a random walk. This seems a bit low  , so that AP and SDA are probably too dissimilar for such use. We then describe in detail the two query expansion methods  , namely: a dependency relation based term expansion DRQET  , which is to be employed in a density based passage retrieval system 6 ,9  , and b dependency relation based path expansion DRQER  , which is to be employed in a relation based passage retrieval system 8. In this project we rely on data that have passed through the first two levels of the pipeline and we will focus primarily on the elaboration of the remaining two steps. To improve the generalization ability of our model  , we introduce a second type of features referred to as regular expression regex features: However  , this can cause overfitting if the training data is sparse. To identify modes  , all data points are taken as starting points and their location is updated through a sequence of hill climbing step. sorting is usually not carried out on the actual tuples. 2 by gradient descent. This requires segmenting the data into groups and selecting the model most appropriate for each group. For the strict relevance criterion  , the recall improved by 18% 0.048 to 33.2% 103 exactly correct definitions   , and the precision declined only slightly with 420 false positives to 19.7% F1 24.7%. Compared with On in absolute judgment  , this is still not affordable for assessors. The first technique stores the records lazily in a B+-tree file organization clustered by the specified key  , and is based on external merge-sort. Simply by adding one distinctive term to perform query expansion is not enough to find all relevant documents. 2 In addition  , we removed all requests that supposedly come from web bots  , using the regular expression . A stochastic game may last either a finite or infinite number of stages. We tag entities using a regular expression tagger  , a trie-based tagger and a scalable n-gram tagger 14. As a downhill simplex method  , an initial guess of the intrinsic camera parameters is required for further calculation . The idea behind learning is to find a scoring function that results in the most sensitive hypothesis test. The 2003 results were hindered by the limited development time  , which meant regular expressions were only created for a small subset of question types. For methods SH and STH  , although these methods try to preserve the similarity between documents in their learned hashing codes  , they do not utilize the supervised information contained in tags. Our approach and more systematic approaches represent different tradeoffs of completeness and scalability  , and thus complement each other. , distance. Further  , optimizations across data sources cannot be performed efficiently. , escalation or non-escalation  , and the time taken to perform the transition . We should note that all those complex tasks cannot be identified by the straight-forward Rule-Q wcc baseline  , so that the newly defined task coverage metric measures how well the learning methods can generalize from the weak supervision . We have thus demonstrated how the Kolmogorov- Smirnov Test may be used in identifying the proportion of features which are significantly different within two data samples. However  , Grimson lo has shown that in the gencpal case  , where spurious m e a surements can arise  , the amount of search needed to find the hest interpretation is still exponential. We use the first 20% of the NSH-1 Dataset not included in the evaluation to train the parameters and thresholds in HerbDisc  , by maximizing the average F 1 -measure. Our automatic query expansion included such techniques as noun phrase extraction  , acronym expansion  , synonym identification  , definition term extraction  , keyword extraction by overlapping sliding window  , and Web query expansion. The all-pairs similarity search problem has also been addressed in the database community  , where it is known as the similarity join problem 1  , 7  , 21. This category includes the Pearson-correlation based approach 4  , the vector similarity based approach 1  , and the extended generalized vector space model 3. an exhaustive search is not practical for high number of input attributes. The goal of learning-to-rank is to find a scoring function f x that can minimize the loss function defined as: Let P Q denote the probability of observing query Q  , based on the underlying distribution of queries in the universe Q of all possible queries that users can issue together with all possible result combinations. Therefore  , integrating similarity queries in a fully relational approach  , as proposed in this paper  , is a fundamental step to allow the supporting of complex objects as " first class citizens " in modern database management systems. Thus  , the fixed 3  , 1 wildcard mapping of abc is {abc  , a*c}. More generally  , the models provide insight regarding the effects of various design parameters on jump gliding performance -for example  , to explore the merits of a more complex wing folding mechanism that reduces drag at the expense of greater weight  , or to evaluate the improvement possible with a reduced body area. That means a cloned h-fragment of a k-fragment must have its size h in the range This implies kσ ≤ h ≤ k/σ. In all cases  , model fitting runtime is dominated by the time required to generate candidate graphs as we search through the model parameter space. This is because we aim to compare the word embeddings with different approaches instead of finding the best method for document embeddings. Since this is a prediction task  , one may drop optimality for the sake of prediction performance   , adopting AICC instead. However   , as the number of robot DOFs increases  , the set of assembly configurations may become factorially large and the exhaustive search becomes undesirable. RQ3 Does the representation q 2 of a query q as defined in §3.2.2 provide the means to transfer behavioral information from historical query sessions generated by the query q to new query sessions generated by the query q ? Besides variables SPARQL permits blank nodes in triple patterns. data mining and game theory have been used to describe similar phenomena  , but with limited interaction between each other. This set of differential equations has the same time conHere  , an artificial training example i.e. These problems have led to the search for alternative noncollocated measurements. Mimic focuses on relatively small but potentially complex code snippets  , whereas Pasket synthesizes large amounts of code based on design patterns. In other words  , with longer lifespan  , the partitions at the upper corner of the space rendition contain more tuples  , hence more pages. Hence  , in the DocSpace the similarity between documents is computed by the traditional cosine similarity. We perform Pearson and Spearman correlations to indicate their sensitivity. Such systems typically work by using an image example to initiate the search. The learned representations can be used in realizing the tasks  , with often enhanced performance . Since the evaluation of the Organic . Lingua CLIR system is based on the methodology introduced by CLEF 21 ,22  , the same metrics will be used for evaluating the described system. The number of in-memory sorts needed is exponential in k. This exponential factor is unavoidable  , because the width of the search lattice of the datacube is exponential in k. It remains to be seen whether or not the exponential CPU time dominates the I/O time in practice. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that relates results quality and diversity to expected payoff and risk in clicks and provides a model to optimize these quantities. A common approach to similarity search is to extract so-called features from the objects  , e.g. Let the cmt at any node m for hill climbing. To examine the quality of the IDTokenSets  , we compare our proposed document-based measures with the traditional string-based similarity measure e.g. Figure 7a presents the performance of the predictive hill climbing approachPHCA and the degree centralityDegi  heuristic under various amounts of missing information for the case where the limiting campaign L is started with 30% delay. Figure 4: ILI visits percentage forecasting performance on the Pearson correlation and p-value for VA and CT in 3 seasons Substantial information about Twitter data and the demographics for the five regions are shown in Table I. The procedure works as follows: We performed query expansion experiments on ad hoc retrieval. , id-r for some mapping function G. yet to be defined. It is therefore worth the effort to mine the complete set. To answer our research question " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " The difference is that the thing to be extracted is defined by the expression  , not the component itself. We then label every DOM node to be either an insignificant  , inline or line-break node  , based on its tag and position information. Applying the same fitting procedures described in Section VI-D to the torsion free case  , we first determined a tip error of 24.78 mm 54.32 mm maximum. CH3COOH . As a result  , XQuery can then be used to access the data structure part of the RDF document  , while using entailment to access its semantics. Since existing Web mirroring tools  , like " rsync " 1  , usually mirror a site according to its Web site directory tree  , we study the evolutionary characteristics of Web site directory structure. Breakpoint preparation asks GDB to set a number of breakpoints on lines which could possibly correspond to events requested by a fget. Finally   , a larger R 2 can be achieved by including more features for training. The transfer function of the controller is obtained using equation hub. A secondary goal of this study is to go beyond previous work by assigning a discrete grade to each essay   , and by measuring exact agreement with the human raters. the " community age " . As shown by the results  , compared with the results obtained without query expansion see Table 17  , the query expansion does improve retrieval performance  , if an appropriate setting is applied. We report the results of our deep learning model on the TRAIN and TRAIN-ALL sets also when additional word overlap features are used. If the query optimizer can immediately find the profitable nary operators to apply on a number of collections  , the search space will be largely reduced since those collections linked by the nary operator can be considered as one single collection. 2.5. And the study on query diversity shows the influence of different query types on the search performance and combining information from multiple source can help increase search performance. , P C1 = 1 | q  , d. Even if privacy and confidentiality are in place  , to be practical  , outsourced data services should allow sufficiently expressive client queries e.g. The parallel collection is larger and more reliable than the test collection and should provide better expansion information  , both for terms and weights. However   , our method is not time-consuming and experimental results show that we always get a correct minimum in a low number of iterations. Genetic Programming has been widely used and approved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management. CLIR is to retrieve documents in one language target language providing queries in another language source language. In a training set of Q queries  , P d k |m  , the probability that a document d returned in segment k is relevant  , given that it has been returned by retrieval model m  , is given by: Even for synthetic data  , for which the relevant subset of dimensions is known ,only a subset of the relevant dimensions was found. It has two paper laminates: one to fold into a handle and one to provide structure to the sensor loop. American Financial Systems AFS developed their strategy by pursuing the following two goals: Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the flail citation on the first page. It replaces missing records by random draws from complete records from the same local area. This optimal change forms the new state of the system and the search procedure repeats until convergence. In the case of merger and acquisition deals  , we also identify companies  , names of financial advisors such as investment banks  , dates  , industry sectors. There is no published empirical proof that the programming technique of systematic software reuse reduces program development time  , duration  , cost  , skill-requirements  , or defect-density on any practicalscale project &lo  , 11 ,211. Expansion terms from fully expanded queries are held back from the query to simulate the selective and partial expansion of query terms. While there has been significant amount of work on automated query expansion and query replacement  , we anticipate these enhancements to be integrated into the search engine. Rather  , it selects a successor at random  , and moves to that successor provided that there is an improvement of MP C. The computation usually halts when we have not been able to choose a better successor after a fixed number of attempts. In this paper  , we introduce the novel problem of question recommendation in Question Answering communities. When ς=1  , then the objective function yields themes which are smoothed over the participant co-occurrence graph. Similarly  , there may not be one pattern with the highest nested-level in the pattern tree. For SD the only feature of interest is the objecttext – i.e. doing initial retrieval using a dictionary translation  , and then improving this translation using the alignments  , as outlined above. It is also possible that some relevant documents may be retrieved by document-document similarity only and not via query-document similarity. We present experimental results demonstrating that using the proposed method  , we can achieve better similarly results among temporal queries as compared to similarity obtained by using other temporal similarity measures efficiently and effectively. Hit-ratio is measured during the real round. ple sentence to pattern  , and then shows a matching sentence. This probably favoured the baseline queries. A feature ranking list is then generated according to its contribution in training the optimal ranking function. 20 shows that for these parameters the search space for a tree is very large and the problem is essentially a needle-in-a-haystack problem. The third problem  , the coverage of dictionaries is not a linguistic problem and is in principle the same for all languages. The problem of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR extends the information retrieval framework by assuming that queries and documents are not in the same language. 4are positive  , the poles of the conjugate eye movement transfer function are always negative  , and the conjugate eye movement is always stable. Therefore   , the performance of query expansion can be improved by using a large external collection. the probability distribution keeping the uncertainty maximal. We utilize linguistic Ling  , statistical Stat  , and CLIR features f si of query term si to capture its characteristics from different aspects. In computa­ tional geometry  , there are various paper folding problems as well 25. Model-based approaches group different training users into a small number of classes based on their rating patterns. The visible layer of the bottom-most RBM is character level replicated softmax layer as described in Section 4.2. But we also present a case that needs smarter graph expansion strategy Figure 5b1-b3. Otherwise  , the attributes in the non-stale set are selected as being influential on the score. Points for which the imputed global data has higher variances are points for which the global data can be guessed with less certainty from the local data. This happens because the space of possible one-to-n mappings is huge and it is possible to find many candidate mappings having similar i.e. Training data  , with pre-assigned values for the dependent variables are used to build the Random Forest model. This representation is used as knowledge representation and is considered to suit as knowledge re~resentation~l. The question of interest in cooperative and competitive games is what strategies players should follow to maximize the expected payoff. The primary ways to invoke the JavaScript interpreter are through script URLs; event handlers  , all of which begin with " on " ; and " <script> " tags. However   , this work does not say anything regarding the right sample size if we want to estimate a measure in the query log itself  , for example  , the fraction of queries that mention a location or a given topic. The all-pairs similarity search problem has been directly addressed by Broder et al. Figure 4shows the number of results returned by the two approaches for the 316 queries. If v r o are viewed as empirical distributions induced by a given sample i.e. Teo and Vishwanathan proposed fast and space efficient string kernels based on SAs and used the kernel with the support vector machine 33. , the representations for the English word school and the Spanish word escuela should be very similar. Kendall's τ evaluates the correlation of two lists of items by counting their concordant and discordant pairs. All shapes folded themselves in under 7 minutes. The transfer function with impedance casuality: importance of admittance causality is clear when considering virtual environments such as rigid body simulations . The key mining and search steps are marked in Figure 3. Otherwise  , pattern search would be a generalized form of the similarity search approach  , which makes it hard to compare them. the arm is in constant contact with the obstacle . Baseline for comparison was a simple string match of the query to interpretation words having a ratio greater than 0.5 5 . In this paper we presented EAGLE  , an active learning approach for genetic programming that can learn highly accurate link specifications. Search tool order was counterbalanced across educational tasks; tasks were presented in a random  , but fixed  , order. That  , is  , the peaks of t ,liis transfer function are easily identified and the variation of tlie frequency where these peaks occur admits a direct functional relat.ionship with the payload carried IJY tlie robot. Support vector machine was used to learn from the artificially enlarged training documents. A non-technical issue of use of pivots that must be examined is a study of existing translation resources to determine the range of resources available to researchers and users of CLIR systems. Figure 4: ILI visits percentage forecasting performance on the Pearson correlation and p-value for VA and CT in 3 seasons Furthermore  , we believe that there is much more potential in integrating audio-based similarity  , especially if improved audio similarity measures become available. We investigate the retrieval ability of our new vector space retrieval model based on bilingual word embeddings by comparing it to the set of standard MoIR and CLIR models. In 19  , for example  , an IR-like technique is used to find statistical association between words in two languages. The weight function of a chess piece i.e. Next  , PLSA is used to match semantic similarity between query and web services. the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. The model assumes that the relevance relationship between a document and a user's query cannot be determined with certainty. Further implicit query expansion is achieved by inference rules  , and exploiting class hierarchies. The NFEPN niodel is also used to implement and optimize the mapping f 1 3 . For instance /a The translation function T takes three parameters: the location step of the XSQuirrel expression  , the current binding used by the FLWR expression and a list of predicates. o if QUEUE is fully abstract not implemented  , this means that its sort of interest queue is implemented as a derived type of tree  , as indicated in section 3. TU The TU benchmark contains both English and Dutch textual evidence. In this section  , we present an application of the proposed document ranking approach under the language modelling framework. CH3COOH. value is a probability of sequence segment containing pattern segment. Ail and A12 are the membership function in the antecedent part  , B  , is the membership function in the consequent part. Several research studies 21  , 1  , 5  , 28 highlighted the value of roles as means of control in collaborative applications . From previous experiments  , we have seen that the number of topics K is an important parameter  , whose optimal value is difficult to predict. Kendall-τ penalizes disordering of high-performance and low-performance system pairs equally. A pattern matching technique was used  , in which several pieces of information from one or more cases are related to a theoretical proposition. We iterate over the following two steps: 1 The E-Step: define an auxiliary function Q that calculates the expected log likelihood of the complete data given the last estimate of our model  , ˆ θ: In the next section we will provide an example of how the approach can be implemented. This run used a support vector machine built from the normal features in Table 5to retrieve documents using a hybrid representation. A best-first search is used to build the correspondences of objects using three types of constraints. The motion strategy can be represented as a function mapping the information space onto the control space. This results in a fast determination of the shortest distance paths  , which enable the robot to navigate safely in narrow passages as well as efficiently in open spaces. Character recognition is conducted using template matching. Genetic Programming shows its sharp edge in solving such kind of problems  , since its internal tree structure representation for " individuals " can be perfectly used for describing ranking functions. Gold 9  showed that the problem of inferring a DFA of minimum size from positive examples is NP-complete. However  , the precision of LD worsens with increases in missing data proportions. Navigation of XML values in Xtatic is accomplished by pattern matching  , which has different characteristics than those of XPath expressions. the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. Periodic recomputation of the optimal leader and follower trajectories was employed to compensate for robot modeling inaccuracies. Thus  , the MAP estimate is the maximum of the following likelihood function. For example  , pattern matching classes that encode multi- DoF motions 22 or force functions for each joint 9; or direct control within a reduced dimensionality space 14. For example   , probabilistic models are a common type of model used for IR. Our two soft matching models are generic and can be extended to related areas that require modeling of contextual patterns  , such as information extraction IE. This information is augmented with that derived from the set of answer terms  , thus by mapping a query question to the space of question-answers it is possible to calculate its similarity using words that do not exist in the question vocabulary and therefore are not represented in the topic distribution T Q . There are many other promising local optimal solutions in the close vicinity of the solutions obtained from the methods that provide good initial guesses of the solution. This more general problem will also be investigated in the CLIR track for the upcoming TREC-7 conference. An alternate keypoint-based approach has been described by Plagemann et al. For each resource  , we measure the similarity between the R missing  and the extracted tweet page. By controlling for quality and position  , statistically significant positive estimates of wT and wA would imply that click behavior is biased towards more attractive titles and abstracts  , respectively   , beyond their correlation with relevance. Expanding phrase B with phrases A and C based on the traditional inverted index structure requires locating the three separate posting lists through random access followed by two merge operations. A pairwise feature between two queries could be the similarity of their search results. Furtlierinore  , we may assiinie that the adjacent frequency bins H , We expressly do not wish to support this because it would correspond to replay attacks and violate freshness assump- tions. for some nonnegative function T . Finally  , although probably not sensible in the incremental setting  , an iterate-until-stable style optimizer can be specified by simply introducing a recursive call to TRANSFORMER from within the Figure 4: A Parallelizing Tool FORMER function itself. The existing test-driven reuse approaches make signature matching a necessary condition to the relevance and matching criteria: a component is considered only if it offers operations with sufficiently similar signatures to the test conditions specified in the original test case. As discussed in t ,he Introductioii  , well known concepts for manipulability mea.sures of robotic structure are the so-called velocity and force maiiipulability el- lipsoids  , 12. In practice  , we can often encode the same probability distribution much more concisely. Companies that are less efficient  , on the other hand  , present smaller values  , which indicate that their main drivers to fix prices are their observed costs and their lack of interest or capacity to take demand into account. Figure 6presents a graphical depiction of an Alloy object encoding a synthesized OR mapping solution. The formal definition of perplexity for a corpus D with D documents is: To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . Experimental evaluation suggests that x 0 = 0.8 and a T 0 equal to the similarity of the initial solution  , is the best combination for the initial value of T. For decreasing the value of T  , we apply the common e.g. One of the early influential work on diversification is that of Maximal Marginal Relevance MMR presented by Carbonell and Goldstein in 5. The outcome is that entities which share the same normal form characterized by a sequence of token level regular expressions may all be grouped together. The mapping from A-space to C-space is the well-known Fresnel Integrals which are also the equations of dead reckoning in navigation. The elbow joint is analyzed exclusively in the following discussion because it was representative of the procedure used for all of the Schilling Titan I1 joints and it exhibited the most severe control challenges. Moreover  , applying MCMC to our proposal distribution significantly improves the SLAM performance. By writing multiple pages instead of only a single page each time as in repf I  , rep1 6 is able to sigtificantly reduce tbe number of disk seeks in replacement selection  , bringing the duration of its split phase much closer to that of quick. In contrast to the reader counts  , we found no correlation between the citation counts and contribution Pearson r = 0.0871. To determine the statistical significance of the Pearson correlation coefficient r  , the p − value has been used in this work. The entity resolution ER problem see 14 ,3  for surveys shares many similarities with link discovery. To calculate the failure probabilities of the subsystems  , we searched the IEEE Std. We compare four methods for identifying entity aspects: TF. IDF  , the log-likelihood ratio LLR 2  , parsimonious language models PLM 3 and an opinion-oriented method OO 5 that extracts targets of opinions to generate a topic-specific sentiment lexicon; we use the targets selected during the second step of this method. We rst describe  , in the next section  , how collection indexing was performed. For a given set of forms  , the expert programmer can implement extended commands which are more friendly and optimal in terms of key strokes. This is our estimate for the runtime frequency of the path. , between 0.6-0.95 with small lead time less than 2 weeks  , but the Pearson correlation decreases all the way below 0 while lead time increases to 20. robot path PhMing. Our main goal at this stage is to demonstrate the utility of using mathematical models to analyze the outcome of preservation strategies in practical situations. To investigate the scientific knowledge inherent in patent retrieval  , we also used the NTCIR-3 CLIR test collection consisting of two years of newspaper articles  , and compared the results obtained with different genres of documents. In this paper  , we presented an optimal control a p proach to generating paths for robots  , extended our contact model to apply generally rather than specifically  , and discussed the derivatives that the general contact model in conjunction with the optimal control a p proach require. In this context  , it is important to have schema level dependencies between attributes as well as distribution information over missing values. For samples smaller than this critical size  , the relative frequency of cases where the target expression can be successfully recovered decreases as is shown in Figure 4for the expressions example2  , example4  , andà1 and`andà1 a2 + · · · + a12 + a13 + a14 Random search techniques  , on the other hand  , are probabilistically complete but may take a long time to find a solution 12 . BMEcat2GoodRelations is a portable command line Python application to facilitate the conversion of BMEcat XML files into their corresponding RDF representation anchored in the GoodRelations ontology for e-commerce. They are matched to one of these C groups by applying a PLSA model on the concatenated document features. The CNN structure used in this paper is illustrated in Fig. An overall similarity measure is computed from the weighted similarity measures of different elements. In fact  , f describes quantitatively the goal of prioritization  , such as increasing Our choice is based on previous studies that showed Random Forests are robust to noise and very competitive regarding accuracy 9.  s: aggressively stemmed words  , found using the Sebawai morphological analyzer. ranging from the macroscopic level -paper foLding or gift wrapping -to the microscopic level -protein folding. Thus  , the training time for the simulated annealing method can be greatly reduced. Bindings link to a PatternParameter and a value through the :parameter and :bindingValue properties respectively. A number of successful approaches from last year inspired our approach for this year ELC challenge 2 were using a two-stage retrieval approach to retrieve entities. Most previous work has focused on alternating patterns. A serious consequence of such an overly simplified assumption of a document's relevance quality to a given query is that the model's generalization capability is limited: one has to collect a large number of such query-document pairs to obtain a confident estimate of relevance. Our approach is attractive for the marketing field  , because the unobserved baseline sales  , marketing promotion effects and other specific effects are estimated by simultaneously. Summarizing what we observed in our experiments  , we may state that the use of domain-specific multilingual resources for enriching basic CLIR systems leads to effective results. On the other hand  , a more standard assumption in economic theory is the ET game; in the ET game  , if there are ties the revenue is shared equally. Their method  , called Horizontal Decomposition HD  , decomposes programs hierarchically a la Dijkstra 11 using levels of abstraction and step-wise refinement. The generated predicate becomes two kinds of the following. For example  , the independent assumption between different columns can be relaxed to capture multi-column interdependency. We also demonstrate how TNG can help improve retrieval performance in standard ad-hoc retrieval tasks on TREC collections over its two special-case n-gram based topic models. The problem of multilingual text retrieval has a long history. The initiative to search depended on a librarian explicitly recognising a similarity with a previous enquiry   , and recalling sufficient details e.g. Other  , more sophisticated IBT approaches using the maximum subsequence optimization may still yield improvement  , but we leave this as future work. Note that we used a similar approach for Gnutella and Kazaa which both use the HTTP protocol for their data transfer. The general interest score is the cosine similarity between the user general interest model and the suggestion model in terms of their vector representations. In addition to early detection of different diseases  , predictive modeling can also help to individualize patient care  , by differentiating individuals who can be helped from a specific intervention from those that will be adversely affected by the same inter- vention 7  , 8. The result of our study suggests that the two major research issues in CLIR  , namely  , term ambiguity and phrase recognition and translation 3  , 4  , 10  , are also the main sources of problem in dictionary-based query translation techniques. Therefore  , an expansion term which occurs at a position close to many query terms will receive high query relatedness and thus will obtain a higher importance weight. , regex corresponds to a regular expression. The system is governed by a second-order differential equation and has the transfer function log W/Wn When a force sensor is inserted at the wrist of a robot Fig. a feature that is supported by all major regular expression implementations and a posteriori checking for empty groups can be used to identify where i.e. The input of a transfer function is V before the execution of the instruction   , and the output is the new V after the execution. Jeh and Widom 16 introduced SimRank  , the multi-step link-based similarity function with the recursive idea that two pages are similar if pointed to by similar pages. The intuition for having this objective function is to try to find a single mapping for user's features  , namely Wu  , that can transform users features into a space that matches all different items the user liked in different views/domains. Moving between the two activities may be awkward or disorienting  , making it difficult to maintain a sense of direction of focus. The Operator calculates which HTTP requests should have their responses bundled and is called when the Tester matches a request. From the language perspective  , although many built-in functions are available  , features such as the remaining XQuery language constructs  , remaining XPath axes  , userdefined function library  , user-defined recursive functions  , and many built-in functions and operators can be done in the future. The optimization method we use is a modification of the well-known evolution strategy 15  , 161  , augmented with an extrapolation operation in addition to the standard mutation operator. These nodes are treated by making a random jump whenever the random walk enters a dangling node. The new CLIR performance in terms of average precision is shown in Table 3. In particular  , we use the L2 i.e. , the one that was downloaded by the target users the most  , thereby indicating that our VSR model effectively targets the version of an app that maximizes its chances of being acquired by the target user. 2 It is helpful for CLIR since it can extract semantically relevant queries in target language. Another interesting fact to note is that Support Vector Machine is virtually non-existent in the collection until 1997  , according to ACM repository. In that sense  , BMEcat2GoodRelations is to the best of our knowledge the only solution developed with open standards  , readily available to both manufacturers and retailers to convert product master data from BMEcat into structured RDF data suitable for publication and consumption on the Web of Data. The results show that the Exa-Q architecture not only explores an environment actively but also is faster in learning rate. This allows us to randomly walk around ¦  , without reducing the goodness of our current solution. Underactuated robots have been a recent topic of interest l-71. More recently  , a maximum margin method known as Struct Support Vector Machine SV M struct  19 was proposed to solve this problem. In 2  Angluin showed that the problem of learning a regular expression of minimum size from positive and negative examples is NP-complete. This paper presents a new approach to modeling relational data with time-varying link structure. Crowdsourcing can be used to produce relevance judgements for documents 2  , books 16  , 17  , or entities 5. Thus  , the interval estimate ep is given a high confidence level for the running example. A brief overview of our approach is as follows: Given a structurally recursive query  , it is mapped to structurally recursive functions and function calls to them. Therefore  , we believe that full expansion with mild query expansion leads to best overall performance. As desired by the user the list can be reduced to terminal authors. Any remaining cycles in the request graph suggest that a possibly mutually-recursive function is making server requests. Since the main goal of the presented work consists of exploring the impact of domain-specific semantic resources on the effectiveness of CLIR systems  , in our investigations we will focus on the strategies for matching textual inputs to ontological concepts applied to both the query and the documents in the target collection rather than on the translation of the textual query. Figure 3presents a bode plot which corresponds to the transfer function between Master and Slave velocities  , when the Slave manipulator is kept free along the unconstrained direction. Given a finite time series Xt = xt : 1 ≤ t ≤ T   , the Shannon entropy can be expressed as Applying the method of simulated annealing can be time consuming. We observe a general trend showing that grasp quality is increased and variance reduced as the number of levels is increased. On its own the CLIR approach gives varying results: some topics benefit from the reweighting of important query terms and the expansion with tokens related to the detected biomedical concepts. or at least make explicit  , these heuristic judgments by developing models of queries and documents that could be used to deduce appropriate retrieval strategies. This binding is realized in the notion of In a query of type 1  , the text pattern can be specified in many different ways  , e.g. Of these two  , imputation has the practical advantage that one can analyse the completed database using any tool or method desired. 3 report on CLIR experiments for French and Spanish using the same test collection as we do OHSUMED  , and the UMLS Metathesaurus for query translation  , achieving 71% of baseline for Spanish and 61 % for French. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: We learned embeddings for more than 126.2 million unique queries  , 42.9 million unique ads  , and 131.7 million unique links  , using one of the largest search data set reported so far  , comprising over 9.1 billion search sessions collected on Yahoo Search. Experiments on several benchmark collections showed very strong per-formances of LIT-based term weighting schemes. Depending on what is to be optimised in terms of similarity  , these may serve as cost functions or utility functions  , respectively. Mitosis is essential because  , after some training  , there can be nodes that try to single-handedly model two distinctly different clusters. 2  , the x-axis highlights documents relevant to " Semantic Desktop " while the y-axis highlights documents relevant to " pimo:Person " . We provide further insights into ExpoMF's performance by exploring the resulting model fits. We introduce a system to re-rank current Google image search results. To address this problem we also considered normalised llpt denoted nllpt results  , where for each query the score of each system was divided by the score of the highest score obtained by any system for that query. While the E-step can be easily distributed  , the M-step is still centralized  , which could potentially become a bottleneck. Second  , po boils down to " pattern matching  , " which is a major function of today's page-based search engine. The Shannon entropy of a clickstream S u i α k is thus For example  , what is new topic-related information for one individual may not be new information for another. It means that outside users can never make sure which one of k property values an entity e is certainly associated with  , except when they are be able to exclude k − 1 values from them using some external knowledge . These results show that the performance of DD is significantly better than that of other methods under challenging conditions. Furthermore  , the OASIS search technique employs a best-first A* search strategy as it descends the suffix tree. 2shows that the actuator signal  , r d   , can be reconstructed from the control input signal U and the identified actuator transfer function H . The key idea in mapping to a higher space is that  , in a sufficiently high dimension  , data from two categories can always be separated by a hyper-plane. Note t h a t G is approximately equal t o the unity matrix for the frequencies within its bandwidth. Due to the geometrical structure of the state space and the nature of the Jacobian mapping between joint velocities and rates of change of a behavioral variable see eq. Most combinations contained multiple topics  , with the exception of easy/semantic  , easy/medium visual  , and very difficult/medium visual. This fact means that these two categories are strongly connected to haptic information  , and granularities of these categories are different. The general idea in these methods is t o incrementally build a search graph from the initial state and extend it toward the goal state. So the extracted entities are from GATE  , list or regular expression matching. We used pre-trained 500 dimensional word vectors 4 that put semantically related words close together in space. Similarly  , the approach presented in 21 assumes that a 1-to-1 mapping is to be discovered. A standard way of deriving a confidence is to compute the second derivative of the log likelihood function at the MAP solution. Additionally  , a classifier approach is more difficult to evaluate and explain results. G-Portal shares similar goals with existing digital libraries such as ADEPT 1  , DLESE 9 and CYCLADES 5 . The documents were represented in Unicode and encoded in UTF-8  , resulting in a 896 MB collection. Some comparison between the methods can be found in the section 3.3 and discussion about the biological relevance of the results in the section 3.4. Later on  , standard IR techniques have been used for this task. The details for these data sets are depicted in Table 1. Hence  , the likelihood of a value assignment being useful  , is computed as: This resulted in a total of 176 query templates. The language modeling approach to information retrieval has recently been proposed as a new alternative to traditional vector space models and other probabilistic models. In general  , for facial expression recognition system  , there are three basic parts:  Face detection: Most of face detection methods can detect only frontal and near-frontal views of the fount. The outputs are then used as input to a Support Vector Machine  , that combines optimally the different cue contributions. This was done by adding the English OOV terms to the English queries and using our system to translate and then retrieve Chinese documents EO-C. Compute domain similarity. We believe that much information about patterns can be retrieved by analyzing the names of identifiers and comments. For the above example  , the developers compute the regular expression once and store it into a variable: The optimization applied to avoid such performance issues is to store the results of the computation for later reuse  , e.g. Thus we know that r 5 indeed contains a keyword similar to " grose "   , and can retrieve the corresponding prefix similarity. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 13  is a promising method for approximate K- NN search. F * e = 0  , the interaction impedance is the transfer function between its reaction force and the external motion that this environment 3For environment with no internal force i.e. The first derivative and second derivative of the log-likelihood function can be derived as For a fair comparison with manual CNF expansion  , our first bag of word expansion baseline also uses the set of manual expansion terms selected by predicted Pt | R. On comparison with the simulated annealing method used in a prior publications 16  , we found that seesawing between {Low  , High} values was adequate for our purposes. HiSbase realizes a scalable information economy 1 by building on advances in proven DHT-based P2P systems such as Chord 10 and Pastry 7   , as well as on achievements in P2P-based query pro- cessing 4. , by breadth-first  , best-first or depth-first search. We use LSH for offline K-NNG construction by building an LSH index with multiple hash tables and then running a K-NN query for each object. We therefore did not restrict the selection of expansion terms. Thereby the resource that has the highest overall similarity for a specific search query is presented most conspicuous whereas resources with minor similarities are visualized less notable Figure 1. Different meta-path based ranking features and learning to rank model can be used to recommend nodes originally linked to v Q i via these removed edges. If we only consider changes to the author field values range between 1.5% like before and 13.9% Databases  , Information Theory . Intrinsic to the problem is a need to transform the query  , document  , or both  , into a common terminological representation  , using available translation resources. Now  , since we actually perform our computations in the domain of the natural logarithm of the likelihood function  , we must fit these values with a polynomial of Thus  , although all the elements of the set arc eventually discovered  , the top-down evaluation of a sctvalued function may fail to terminate c-f. the difficulties in detecting termination when logic rules arc evaluated top-down. Robots must be small to fit in operating rooms which are packed with  , various precision machines; there is no small  , light surgery robot system that can rival our system. 7  , to the query aspects. This is still well below a monolingual baseline  , but irnprovedphrasrd translations should help to narrow the gap. More specifically  , each learning iteration has the following structure: Let us elaborate on some of the steps. The " defect " of a ranking y wrt the ideal ranking y q is encoded in a loss function 17 There is a certain advantage to the use of such an entropy-based skill learning method. To define when a region in a tokenized table T is valid with respect to content expression ρ  , let us first introduce the following order on coordinates. The recency-based query-expansion approach Section 3.2  , which is a slight modification of the approach from Massoudi et al. Query expansion may contribute to weight linked shared concepts  , thus improving the document provider's understanding of the query. A gold standard that  , for each query  , provides the list of the relevant documents used to evaluate the results provided by the CLIR system. In CLIR  , essentially either queries or documents or both need to be translated from one language to another. First we illustrate the problem and its solution in the presence of hash indices or in the absence of indices on the materialized view. The autoencoder was found to be computationally infeasible when applied to the described datasets and therefore its retrieval performance is not presented. It does have an analogy to the generalized likelihood ratio test Z  when the error function is the log-likelihood function. A central goal of the music information retrieval community is to create systems that efficiently store and retrieve songs from large databases of musical content 7. The transfer function of the charge amplifier Gc& can be assumed as the 10b. Based on that  , a bridging mapping is learned to seamlessly connect these individual hamming spaces for cross-modal hashing . This is known as the transitive closure of a graph. Duplication is useful in the case when the record is to be used as context for another operation which consumes the top bit. In this example  , the subject is 101 characters from the answer  , and thus the match is accepted. Topicqi = ⟨P C1|qi  , P C2|qi  , · · ·   , P Cn|qi⟩  , where P Ci|q is the probability that q belongs to Ci. In contrast  , each pattern  , say pat  , maintains a matching queue to store the last matched context instances i.e. The joint motion can be obtained by local optimization of a single performance criterion or multiple criteria even though local methods may not yield the best joint trajectory. This is difficult and expensive . However   , this strategy is only applicable when 3D models of the objects are available and the curvature of the objects is relatively small. the characteristic equation becomes f1s=s 2 +KPs+KI. Part-Of-Speech POS tags have often been considered as an important discriminative feature for term identification. They efficiently exploit hBtorical information to speculate on new search nodes with expected improved performance. The unique mapping is highly related to the concept of observability. 6 Combined Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: re-rank retrieved questions by combined query likelihood model system 2 using submodular function. Bulk loading of a B+-tree first sorts the data and then builds the index in a bottom-up fashion. Representing the feature space of a topic with the proposed framework in the polar coordinate system enhances the standard Euclidean vector space representation in two main aspects: 1 by providing a strength of the relative semantic relevance of a feature to a topic; 2 by augmenting the possible orientations of such relevance to the topic. When a search engine has no or little knowledge of the user  , the best it can do may be to produce an output that reflects Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. As we shall see below  , global rules are very useful for customizing the translation -the user can add to the system global rules defining special treatment for specific subtrees in the data  , while the rest of the data is handled in a standard manner by the other predefined rules of the system. The two figures show that even at different granularities  , both NST@Self and NSTS@Crowd present similar patterns in check-in data and online shopping data  , which implies that novelty-seeking trait distribution tends to show consistency across heterogeneous domains. This was mainly caused by the inaccuracy of the approximate pattern matching. In Section 1 we discussed the challenges of learning and evaluation in the presence of noisy ground truth and sparse features. We also introduced several probabilistic retrieval methods for the task. By choosing 'download' from the top-left menu see Figure 5  , the data of the formation are broadcast to the robots in the simulator and they begin re-arranging themselves to establish the new formation. One key advantage of SJASM is that it can discover the underlying sentimental aspects which are predictive of the review helpfulness voting. , G ,  , = G  , and z ,  , = z ,  , the control structure shown in Fig.4guarantees to achieve the goal transfer function  , Ggoal  , given by 14. Given our observations on the combined result  , a natural step for future work would prune further to prevent low quality resources from deteriorating high quality resources. Second  , we have looked at only one measure of predictive performance in our empirical and theoretical work  , and the choice of evaluation criterion is necessarily linked to what we might mean by predictability. Further adding information about the crowd-indicated category gives us an extremely accurate model with an accuracy of 0.88. Understandably  , model refinement implies exponential enhancement in the search space where the solution should be found. We compare a classic Virtuoso RDF quad table Virt-Quad and this CS-based implementation Virt-CS on the BSBM benchmark at 10 billion triples scale. A game is a formal representation of a strategic interaction among a set of players. Second  , automatically checking program outcomes requires a testing oracle  , which is often not available in practice  , and end-users should not be expected to provide it. A given starting point was judged by exactly one participant. In many retrieval settings  , high precision search is especially important because users are unlikely to scroll deep into a document ranking. , we randomly remove p% of edges in E Q i from the graph. Using this transfer function and global context as a proxy for δ ctxt   , the fitted model has a log-likelihood of −57051 with parameter β = 0.415 under-ranked reviews have more positive δ ctxt which in turn means more positive polarity due to a positive β. The sample query is following: Thus  , synonyms are also included in this expansion. As can be seen from these two tables  , our LRSRI approach outperforms other imputation methods  , especially for the case that both drive factors and effort labels are incomplete. Fourth  , we developed a suitable ranking mechanism that takes into account both the degree of the semantic relationship and the relevance of the keywords. Contributions and Organization: We have just formally defined " researcher recommendation "   , an instance of " similar entity search " for the academic domain. This search necessity is a result of the attribute randomization phase encoding  where mapping of original attributes is many to one. Tree models form an instantiation hierarchy. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l The main difference is that the candidates for further expansion are managed in a queue instead of a stack. A wide representation of different programming languages can explain this fact. The rest of this paper is organized as following  , first we review major approaches in recommendation systems including papers that focus on the cold start problem in Section 2; in Section 3  , we describe the data sets we work with and detail the type of features we use to model the user and the items in each domain  , respectively. Unfortunately   , samples to learn regular expressions from are often smaller than one would prefer. Some question type has up to several hundred patterns. use a technique based on mapping term statistics before computing term weights 8  , 2  to establish a strong context-independent baseline . A short time difference usually indicates the highly temporal relevance between the tweet and the query. In our initial cross-language experiments we therefore tested different values for the parameter r. Note that r is set once for a given run and does not vary from query to query. The Q-table is reinforced using learning dynamics and the finesses of genes are calculated based on the reinforced Q-table. Under-specified or ambiguous queries are a common problem for web information retrieval systems 2  , especially when the queries used are often only a few words in length. We are continuing to study alternatives to this basic XPath expression  , such as using regular expressions  , allowing query expansion using synonyms  , and weighting the importance of terms. Regular expressions were developed to pattern match sentence construction for common question types. Since this pattern was commonly observed regardless of virus type and administration of IFN  , it implied ineffective cases of IFN treatment. We utilize a basic likelihood function  , pzt | g −1 i yit  , that returns the similarity RA  , B of a particle's  sized silhouette with the observed silhouette image. The query is issued to the corresponding index and a series of possibly relevant records are returned by the search engine. This low storage requirement in turn translates to higher search efficiency. Modeling sentiments: Note that Equation 1 is a general framework   , as it does not limit the methods used for sentiment modeling and quality modeling. where it is assumed that the observed dataset is over the time interval 0  , T  Daley and Vere-Jones 2003. Second  , their technique is essentially unsupervised   , which does not fully explore the data characteristics and thus cannot achieve the optimal indexing performance. LRT D sj tells the influence of translating sj to t k Ds j  in CLIR. It needed 76 evaluations  , but the chosen optimum had a yield below 10 units: worse than all the other methods  , indicating that the assumption of a global quadratic is inadequate in this domain. Internally  , the framework builds up a microscopic representation of the system based on these observations as well as on a list of interactions of interest specified by the user. Its application at line 2 automatically generates two sub-goals. Used features. 4 where Fc is Coulomb friction force  , while sPs denotes the position control sensitivity transfer function. Documents of a comparable collection may be aligned at the document  , sentence or even word level. Termination plays a key role in ACL2  , as every defined function using the definitional principle must be shown to terminate before ACL2 will admit it. Figure 3depicts an example of a finite automaton for both references to an article in a journal and a book. The results indicate that our method can achieve acceptable results for queries in and out of dictionary. Each invocation produces an index into the list of zy pairs  , thereby defining a contour point. In this first rule  , X and Y are used as free variables for the pattern matching. This is not surprising  , as a high second-order proximity implies that two words can be replaced in the same context  , which is a stronger indicator of similar semantics than first-order co-occurrences. Since patents are often written in different languages  , cross-language information retrieval CLIR is usually an essential component of effective patent search. We train the embeddings of the words in comments using skip-bigram model 10  with window size of 10 using hierarchical softmax training. The other methods such as LIF and LIB*TF emphasize term frequency in each document and  , with the ability to associate one document to another by assigning term weights in a less discriminative manner  , were able to achieve better recalls. Often those search keys that have only one or two translations are the most important words of a request and  , vice versa  , those keys that have many translations are unimportant words. We use the Pearson correlation between the prediction values assigned to a set of queries by a predictor and the ground-truth average precision AP@1000 which is determined based on relevance judgements. Each experiment was ran on a single thread of a server running JDK1.7 on Ubuntu 10.0.4 and was allocated maximally 2GB of RAM. By fitting the output of our proposed model to the real bid change logs obtained from commercial search engines   , we will be able to learn these parameters  , and then use the learned model to predict the bid behavior change in the future. Animation also ensures that the current state of the entity is being mapped  , which is an essential property for software evolution. Finally  , we applied data mining DM techniques based on grammar-guided genetic programming GGGP to create reference models useful for defining population groups. We can therefore define the notion of a strand  , which is a set of substrings that share one same matching pattern. Noise in the form of inaccurate perception of the human's outcome values and actions is another potential challenge. The sensory-motor elements are distributed and can be reused for building other sequences of actions. The concept of a PCR was first introduced in SLB99  , along with its application to ligand-protein binding . Consequently the derivation starts with the translation of the associated fragment by evaluating the following function: The recursive rule rcr , ,.ure is achieved by: RULfhceurriva Closure  , e  , Ccrorurc  , immediate ,@ where Cclo ,urc is the conditions extracted from the function between " Floor-Request " and " Closure " . First  , a conventional automobile is underactuated non-holonomic  , so the mapping from C-space to action space is under-determined . As the baseline frontier prioritization techniques  , we evaluate the following five approaches:  Random: Frontier pages are crawled in a random order. After the candidate scene is selected by the priority-rating strategy  , its SIFT features are stored in a kd-tree and the best-bin-first strategy is used to search feature matches. In order to link catalog groups and products  , BMEcat maps group identifiers with product identifiers using PROD- UCT TO CATALOGGROUP MAP. 9 recently studied similarity caching in this context. Such a model is described in terms of the marginals it fits and the dependencies that are assumed to be present in the data. i i = 1  , ···  , Nq to be the columns of Z q   , we have Z q ∈ R k×Nq . In the BSH catalog for example  , some fields that require floating point values contain non-numeric values like " / "   , " 0.75/2.2 "   , " 3*16 "   , or " 34 x 28 x 33.5 "   , which originates from improper values in the BMEcat. We use word embeddings of size 50 — same as for the previous task. The pattern was initially mounted on a tripod and arbitrarily placed in front of the stereo head Fig. Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval CLIR addresses the problem of ranking documents whose language differs from the query language. Mapping motion data is a common problem in applying motion capture data to a real robot or to a virtual character . The relevance assessments are determined manually for the whole dataset  , unlike in some other datasets proposed for semantic search evaluation  , such as the Semantic Search Workshop data 9   , where the relevance assessments were determined by assessing relevance for documents pooled form 100 top results from each of the participating systems  , queries were very short  , and in text format. Similar observations about the relative trade-offs between Quicksort and rep1 1 were made in Grae90  , DeWi911. In effect  , targets that differ from the ground 'The F uzzy Bversability Index also depends on the wheel design and traction mechanism of the robot which determine its hill clim bing and rok climbing capabilities. The succession measure defined on the domain of developer pairs can be thought of as a likelihood function reflecting the probability that the first developer has taken over some or all of the responsibilities of the second developer. Figure 4shows an example. We also experimented with several approaches to query and document expansion using UMLS. As mentioned before  , our semantic topic compass framework relies on incorporating the semantics of words into the feature space of the studied topic  , aiming at characterising the relevance and ambiguity of the these features. , the average intensity of the stripe region  , so that the Fourier spectrums obtained from other images can be compared. However  , most existing research on semantic hashing is only based on content similarity computed in the original keyword feature space. An analogous approach has been used in the past to evaluate similarity search  , but relying on only the hierarchical ODP structure as a proxy for semantic similarity 7  , 16. This means that RCDR successfully preserved information useful for estimating target orders. We have implemented the entropy-based LSH indexing method. Regular expression inference. Therefore the semantic operation apply -and thus also vwly -is a partial recursive function in every minimally defined model of Q LFINSET. Results from this experiment appear in Figure 5. the sholtest disw fhml the starting point a form of " best first " . Another advantage of the model is that we can use this model to capture the 'semantic'/hidden relevance between the query and the target objects. To allow users to refer to a particular realworld time when their query should start  , we maintain a table mapping epoch numbers to times  , and start the query as of the epoch nearest to the user-specified time. Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels  , product classes  , properties  , value instances  , and top-level classes for each product ontology. In the first phase  , we learn the sentence embedding using the word sequence generated from the sentence. We then present a constructive argument to show that only On projection sets need be considered to obtain the diameter function. In the random subspace approach of Ho  , exactly half n/2 of the attributes were chosen each time. In a next step  , c has to be instantiated by a matching class  , in the case of using DBpedia onto:Film  , and p has to be instantiated with a matching property  , in this case onto:producer. 28 suggested a search-snippet-based similarity measure for short texts. We will use support vector machine classification and term-based representations of comments to automatically categorize comments as likely to obtain a high overall rating or not. The soft cardinalities a measure of set cardinality that considers inter-element similarities in the set of the two sets of stems and their intersection are used to compute the similarity of two given short text fragments. Model performance is demonstrated by emprical data. Common uses are to separate table cells  , indent titles  , indent sub-section data rows and to provide a separation between lines of text. An inverted file is a collection of posting lists  , stored on a storage medium supporting random access. where w denotes the combination weight vector. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , structured or semi-structured procedural knowledge has not been studied in the context of task-oriented search as a means to improve search quality and experience. Note  , that this phrase also includes function words  , etc. In this section  , we show the effectiveness of our approach for CLIR. In summary  , we have made the following contributions: i A new type of interaction options based on ontologies to enable scalable interactive query construction  , and a theoretical justification about the effectiveness of these options; ii A scheme to enable efficient generation of top-k structured queries and interaction options   , without the complete knowledge of the query interpretation space; iii An experimental study on Freebase to verify the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed approach; iv To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt to enable effective keyword-based query construction on such a large scale database as Freebase  , considering that most existing work on database keyword search uses only test sets of small schemas  , such as DBLP  , IMDB  , etc. In this paper  , we aim at an extension of the PLSA model to include the additional hyperlink structure between documents . In the broker design  , we intent to create a discovery pattern that will be based on the well-known principle of the " separation of concerns " . In comparison with the entropy-based LSH method  , multi-probe LSH reduces the space requirement by a factor of 5 to 8 and uses less query time  , while achieving the same search quality. We address this problem by implementing feature hashing 27 on the space of matrix elements. The motor characteristics were based upon the Pitt ,nmn Elcom 4113 motor. The recency-based query-expansion approach described in Section 3.2 scores candidate expansion terms based on their degree of co-occurrence with the original query-terms in recent tweets. We assume that the significance of a citation link can be estimated by the relevance of each entity considering the query topic. Thus the Q-function makes the actions explicit  , which allows us to compute them on-line using the following Q-learning update rule: where a is the learning rate  , and y is the discount factor 0 5 y < 1 . Given that our system is trained off this data  , we believe we can drastically improve the performance of our system by identifying the blog posts have been effectively tagged  , meaning that the tags associated with the post are likely to be considered relevant by other users. Datasets for both evaluations were constructed to be the same size in order to make the results comparable. In general  , the optimization problem 17 can be locally solved using numerical gradient-descent methods. We could have directly applied the basic PLSA to extract topics from C O . In our experiment we manipulated four independent variables: image size small  , medium  , large  , relevance level relevant  , not relevant  , topic difficulty easy  , medium  , difficult  , very difficult and topic visuality visual  , medium  , semantic. During test case generation  , choosing transitions and input signals was performed at random. Demote operation: it is used to transfer evicted query results pages from the controlled cache to the uncontrolled cache rather than out of the query results cache directly. If this simple test fails  , we randomly sample the cache and identify a pair in the sample whose distance is closest to the required one. Traditionally  , BWT rearranges bytes in a block by the sort order of all its suffixes. CLIR systems need to be robust enough to tackle textual variations or errors both at the query end and at the document end. Suppose we are interested in using the projections of figure 1 for performing CLIR of new documents  , any of the three monolingual maps can be actually used for the retrieval task. We instantiate the proposed framework using biased MF model  , a popular MF based model for rating prediction. The retrieval model integrates term translation probabilities with corpus statistics of query terms and statistics of term occurrences in a document to produce a probability of relevance for the document to the query. The task is to estimate the relevance of the image and the query for each test query-image pair  , and then for each query  , we order the images based on the prediction scores returned by our trained ranking model. Figure 5ashows how the vector states sr for different ranks r are positioned in the space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . We identify the following important similarity search queries they may want to pose: Only our proposed Random- Forest model manages to learn the discriminating features of long queries as well as those of short ones  , and successfully differentiates between CQA queries and other queries even at queries of length 9 and above. The loss function of an autoencoder with a single hidden layer is given by  , The hidden layer gets to learn a compressed representation of the input  , such that the original input can be regenerated from it. In this version of CS AKTive Space we have not included this ontology mapping capability since we have been responsible for engineering the mapping of the heterogeneous information content. We also consider its stochastic counterpart SGBDT  , by fitting trees considering a random subset of training data thus reducing the variance of the final model. No matching pattern indicates that PAR cannot generate a successful patch for a bug since no fix template has appropriate editing scripts. Finally  , an average relevance score over a set of empirical threshold values triggered a tweet to be sent to the matching user for Task A within a few seconds after the tweet was originally created. Thus at the end of initialization  , each tp-node has a BitMat associated with it which contains only the triples matching that triple pattern. Based on the above discussions   , the force compensator transfer-function K  s = We also show results that demonstrate the advantages of our approach over support vector machine based models. , not from WordNet  , and whether documents from the Blog06 corpus were included in the search or not. The automatically generated textual description of answers enables the system to be used in desktop or smaller devices  , where expressing the answer in a textual form can provide a succinct summary of multiple diagrams and charts  , or in settings where text is required e.g. More generally  , let I be the number of samples collected and the probability that an individual j is captured in sample i be pij. It can be shown that the number of possible decompositions i.e. We hope to extend this method in the future to work with non-convex polyhedra. We also show that such dictionaries contribute to CLIR performance . Now K stands for the equivalent stiffness of the whole structure and L becomes equivalent to the radial coordinate of the tip. In 16  , we proposed a flexible time series pattern-matching scheme that was based on the fact that interesting and frequently appearing patterns are typically characterized by a few critical points. The confidence of the learned classifier is then used as a similarity metric for the records. Although some promising results for GenProg have been presented in some recent serial papers 40  , 23  , 21  , 38  , 10  , 22  , the problem of whether the promising results are got based on the guidance of genetic programming or just because the mutation operations are powerful enough to tolerate the inaccuracy of used fitness function has never been studied. Three basic search techniques are combined to perform the search through the octree space. To the best of our knowledge  , Cupboard is the first system to put together all these functionalities to create an essential infrastructure component for Semantic Web developers and more generally  , a useful  , shared and open environment for the ontology community. The learned function f maps each text-image pair to a ranking score based on their semantic relevance. The average reference accuracy is the average over all the references. , and '|' to denote multiplicity denotes repetition of similar structure  , optionality denotes part of structure is optional  , and disjunction denote presence of one of the structures in the structural data  , respectively. When the learning rate eaches zero  , the system has completed its learning. For each system and each search space configuration  , we compute over the 24 defects that have correct patches in the full SPR and Prophet search space 1 the total number of patches the developer reviews this number is the cost and 2 the total number of defects for which the developer obtains a correct patch this number is the payoff. In this work  , we propose a deep learning approach with a SAE model for mining advisor-advisee relationships. When the wheel is moved from the desired position  , the control torque sent to the wheel attempts to drive the angular position back to zero. The stacked autoencoder as our deep learning architecture result in a accuracy of 0.91. The high level goal of this paper is to enhance the theory of designing virtual incentive systems by introducing and studying an alternative utility model. Three runs were submitted for the QA track. Allowing disconnected sub-ensembles would imply an exponential search through all subsets of the total ensemble  , and distributing information between the members of these subsets would require significant multi-hop messaging. Our analyzer dynamically constructs the transducers described above for a grammar with regular expression functions and translates it into a context-free grammar. 6 also gave an excellent exposition on " role similarity " . introduced an automatic patch generation technique 5. As described in q  , each tuple has a system-defined attribute called count which keeps track of the number of original tuples as stored in the relational database that are represented by the current generalized tuple. The commonly known Best First Planning 9  will also be adopted to search an optimal path. This microglider prototype is a first step in our exploration of gliding as an alternative or complementary locomotion for miniature robotics to overcome obstacles and increase the traveling distance per energy unit. The global exploration st ,rategy provides the order in which these areas are explored. Following a typical approach for on-line learning  , we perform a stochastic gradient descent with respect to the To implement this idea we built a 3 2 x 4 ' -weighted term vector for both the text segment and the text of the article and compute the normalized cosine similarity score. In future we plan to make more comparison of our image representation and other descriptors  , such as SIFT and HOG. New connections may now grow between these highly activated nodes and the query q  , under consideration Fig.3Once rti is known in Eqn  , 12  , Ww is defined as in Eqn.5 using stored values of Sw These are one-step Hebbian learning Hebb49 equations. For example  , consider the task of recognizing the U-shaped pipe fitting in the left scene of Figure2. This information is necessary to derive accurate relational statistics that are needed by the relational optimizer to accurately estimate the cost of the query workload. Moreover  , the number of nonzero elements of user vectors is determined by the number of items that are given a non-nil response by both paired users. In 3  random walks are described on click graphs  , containing information about clicked URLs but not about user sessions. Even though the search space is very large  , it could be possible that a large percentage of all candidate designs are acceptably good solutions for this example   , a feasible solution  , which does not violate any task constraints  , is considered to be acceptably good. APS 0.35 produces a Pearson correlation of over 0.47. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. requirements engineering 12 but most often in the field of software testing 1 . We matricize X in Mode 2 to generate matrix X 2 ∈ R l×uat . Positive/negative vq  , r corresponds to a vote in favor of a positive or negative answer respectively. So in the end  , we choose the first 10 words ranking in tf*idf retrieval lists besides original words of query itself as the query expansion. Six different images were shown to the participant for each topic  , the images varied for each combination of size and relevance  , for that topic. In their most general forms these ope~'a~ors are somewhat problematic. While the first question was identical to one of the initial query evaluation questions  , the second contained slight word changes to indicate that subjects should consider their experiences evaluating search results. cultureepaintinggtitle is mapped to WorkOfArtttitle because their leaf nodes are equal and there is a mapping between the context of title cultureepainting and a sub-path of WorkOfArtttitle. The RRC manipulator used in this task is equipped with a Multibus-based servo control unit located in a separate cabinet. But searchable forms are very sparsely distributed over the Web  , even within narrow domains. , in speech-enabled devices  , where the answer can be spoken back to the user. Experiments showed that methods with the LIB quantity were more effective in terms of within-cluster accuracy e.g. Our approach consists of two steps. rmX.qeY10 ,80.run " denotes the retrieval result using retrieval method " rmX " and query expansion method " qeY " see Table 2  , " qe0 " denotes no expansion. Conversely  , transfer statements access confidential data and propagate it without modifying it. Table lsummerizes the results. Query expansion using 30 expanded terms within top 20 documents. The Gleason's Theorem 2 can prove the existence of a mapping function µρ|vv| = trρ|vv| for any vector v given a density matrix ρ ∈ S n S n is the density matrix space containing all n-by-n positive semi-definite matrices with trace 1  , i.e. Second  , reference expressions in user-defined functions might involve local variables  , which are meaningless outside the function context. Notice that it is possible for two distinct search keys to be mapped to the same point in the k-dimensional space under this mapping. The results show that the performance of the expansion on tie-breaking could improve the performance. Ideally  , we would like to examine the buckets with the highest success probabilities. The Fourier coefficients are used as features for the classification. The Composite search mode supports queries where multiple elements can be combined. Second  , word associations in our technique have a welldefined probabilistic interpretation. The collection dependent expansion strategy adds a fixed number of terms to each query within a test collection. However  , the data points of the CP pattern are related to a corresponding edge of a CAD model. The constraints associated with these exposures and the user-provided mapping are passed through a constraint specializer  , which re-casts the constraints in terms of the types in our pattern catalog. Other specific works on CLIR within the multilingual semantic web may be found in 17 and 18   , while a complete overview of the ongoing research on CLIR is available at the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum CLEF 3   , one of the major references concerning the evaluation of multilingual information access systems. Cengage Learning produces a number of medical reference encyclopedias. There are very few known constructions for mixed-level covering arrays. Contextual expansion methodologies i.e. Based on the plaintext collection  , our ARRANGER engine  , a Genetic Programming GP based ranking function discovery system  , is used to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for the topic distillation task. The query sets for learning and evaluation are the same as those in the experiments of section 4  , that is to say  , Q r and Q2  , respectively. Link's price reflects the interference it gets from the price receiver. One popular approach to improving accuracy by exploiting large datasets is to use unsupervised methods to create word features  , or to download word features that have already been produced Turian et al. The development of data services at Indiana University is approached as an opportunity to engage multiple units within the university  , particularly the libraries  , IT services  , and computational centers. We have experimented with hill climbing in our model fitting problem  , and confirmed that it produces suboptimal results because the similarity metric dK or others is not strictly convex. A challenge of this approach is the tradeoff between the number of cohorts and the predictive power of cohorts on individuals. 'l For this setting  , the chart in Figure 9b depicts the average times to execute the BSBM query mix; furthermore  , the chart puts the measures in relation to the times obtained for our engine with a trust value cache in the previous experiment. 3 proposed an approach to classify sounds for similarity search based on acoustical features consisting of loudness  , pitch  , brightness  , bandwidth  , and harmonicity. LCE is a robust query expansion technique based on MRF- IR. We have used the framework of d-separation to provide the first formal explanation for two previously observed classes of statistical dependencies in relational data. Using deviance measures  , e.g. Although the real experiments are encouraging  , still we have a gap between the computer simulation and the real system. It can be seen that the product data provided across the different sources vary significantly. This is useful because users generally use such rules to disambiguate names; for an example  , " if the affiliations are matched  , and both are the first author  , then .. " . 11shows the final result. proposed an inverse string matching technique that finds a pattern between two strings that maximizes or minimizes the number of mis- matches 1 . Figure 7 shows the result of simulated annealing in trajectory planning when applied to the example in figure 6d. MRAC was implemented into the real master device system . A RDFSDL vocabulary V is a set of URIrefs a vocabulary composed of the following disjoint sets:  VC is the set of concept class names  VD is the set of datatype names  VRA is the set of object property names  VRD is the set of datatype property names  VI is the set of individual names As in RDF  , a datatype " d " is defined by two sets and one mapping: Ld lexical space  , Vd value space and L2Vd the mapping from the lexical space to the value space. Let us assume that the attack pattern for this vulnerability is specified using the following regular expression Σ * < Σ * where Σ denotes any ASCII character. 12  , the dynamic folding is shown as a continuous sequence of pictures taken at intervals of 57 ms. , 2009b build a probabilistic model by combining multiple types of queries with the corresponding search engine types. Instead of storing the data in a relational database  , we have proposed to collect Statistical Linked Data reusing the RDF Data Cube Vocabulary QB and to transform OLAP into SPARQL queries 14. , most of their content is in a few categories  , or are users more varied ? The distance between q and q' is the search resolution. cost function based on softmax function. , 2006   , we developed a maximum entropy-based answer ranking module  , which mainly captures the evidences of expected answer type matching  , surface pattern matching and dependency relation correlation between question and answer sentences. Further more  , we define a certain number of unigram language models to capture the extra topics which are the complement to the original paper's abstract. Approximate string matching 16 is an alternative to exact string matching  , where one textual pattern is matched to another while still allowing a number of errors. Table 5and 6 show the corresponding precisions  , recalls and F-measures of the Cost Sensitive classifier based on Random Forest  , which outperformed the other classifiers yielding an 90.32% success in classification for our trained model. In standard industrial practice  , the information for the automatic cycle of a high volume transfer line is represented by a " timing bar chart " . Thus  , a deformation that increases the objective function is sometimes generated  , which improves the performance of optimization. That means watermarking object should have the largest number of 16xl6 macro blocks. Consider the following recursive function rem U : LT LΠ → LT LΠ that operates on an LTL formula φ and removes all the positive occurrences of atomic propositions in U that appear in conjunctions recall that no negation operator appears in our formulas: In this work we use the Jelinek–Mercer method for smoothing instead of the Good Turing approach used by Song. Figure 3shows the endpoints of the rays superimposed on the ground truth model for one of the simulated models. Experiments for English and Dutch MoIR  , as well as for English-to-Dutch and Dutch-to-English CLIR using benchmarking CLEF 2001-2003 collections and queries demonstrate the utility of our novel MoIR and CLIR models based on word embeddings induced by the BWESG model. An interesting study by Billerbeck and Zobel 5  demonstrates that document-side expansion is inferior to query-side expansion when the documents are long. CEC supports two such methods  , polynomial interpretations and recursive path decomposition orderings. TL-PLSA seems particularly effective for multiclass text classification tasks with a large number of classes more than 100 and few documents per class. Hence  , similar to the basic push action 7  , 111  , the basic pull action serves as a basis for a transfer function for a part feeder which uses pull operations to orient parts to a unique final orientation. This work investigates the effect of the following techniques in reducing HTML document size  , both individually and in combination:  general tidying-up of document  , removal of proprietary tags  , folding of whitespace; For evaluating the effectiveness of the CLIR system  , different standard metrics have been adopted. 36 train a support vector machine to extract mathematical expressions and their natural language phrase. Therefore  , combining the similarity score and search result count eliminates some noise. , parsing  , proposition recognition  , pattern matching and relation extraction for analyzing text. 25 concentrates on parallelizing stochastic gradient descent for matrix completion. The translationall velocil.ies matched well  , but the measured rotational velocities were much larger than predicted. A robotic system that has more than 6 dof degrees-of-freedom is termed as kinematically redundant system. A device fingerprint is a set of system attributes that are usually combined in the form of a string. It is based on structural risk minimization principle from computational learning theory. In this paper  , we described a Surface Similarity based method for fuzzy string matching for performing CLIR and were able to show good improvement in performance. The extraction can be done using simple pattern matching or state-of-the-art entity extractors. As this was the first year for the Microblog Track  , our primary goal was to create a baseline method and then attempt to improve upon the baseline. The following experiments were run by connecting FX- PAL'S genetic programming system to a modular robot simulator  , built by J. Kubica and S. Vassilvitskii. An approach that requires substantial manual knowledge engineering such as creating/editing an ontology  , compiling/revising a lexicon  , or crafting regular expression patterns/grammar rules is obviously limited in its accessibility  , especially if such work has to be repeated for every collection of descriptions. Every inconsistently judged duplicate can be seen as a random element within the set of relevance judgments  , and will have the same value as random data when used in evaluation. Case-folding overcomes differences between terms by representing all terms uniformly in a single case. Stream slot filling is done by pattern matching documents with manually produced patterns for slots of interest. In Section 2  , we review previous work on CLIR using query translation  , document translation  , and merged result sets. Taily's effectiveness was en par with the best-measured effectiveness of Rank-S with P = 0.02 and P = 0.04. Typical random assignments of shards produce imbalances in machine load  , even when as few as four machines are in use. This basic paradigm makes many simplifying assumptions  , and in particular one might object that it is impossible for a user to choose a page uniformly at random or even to know what URLs there are to choose from. Each region is assigned a degree of coherence that is based on visual properties of the region including fonts  , colors and size. To verify whether the RNN model itself can achieve good performance for evaluation   , we also trained an LSTM-only model that uses only recent user embedding. Our experimental results show that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropy-based LSH methods to achieve desired search accuracy and query time. For example  , average topic similarity between query pairs from different sessions can help tracing the user search interests during a relative long period. We also demonstrate the further improvement of UCM over URM  , due to UCM's more appropriate modeling of the retweet structure. Buse and Wiemer 10 discuss that the answers of existing code search engines are usually complicated even after slicing. Then we can obtain W k x = λ k x  , which means W k has the same eigenvector as W and the k-th power of the same eigenvalue λ k . It is caused by that statistical features reflect the underlying distribution of translated terms in the document collection  , and also that CLIR features reveal the degree of translation necessity. Such experimental evaluation may be useful despite the large amount of data from real-life auctions  , as it allows us to ask " what if " questions and to isolate different aspects of user behavior that cannot be answered based just on real-world data. The main contribution of this work is a hybrid frontier prioritization approach that combines the two lines of work mentioned above. In general  , the approach is most effective when the information supplied via IE is complementary to the information supplied by statistical patterns in the structured data and if reasoning can add relevant covariate information. 5shows the search result of a product search with Preference SQL via a mobile WAP phone. The result was a large number of question classes with very few instances in them. Generating Test Cases Based on the Input. As previously  , we define a transfer function between the inter distance and the additional risk. Definition 5. ii it discards immediately irrelevant tuples. Mezaris et al. Among the more important concepts in systems  , languages  , and programming methodology during the last several years are those of data type Hoare 72  , clean control structure Dijkstra 72  , Hoare 74  , and capability-based addressing Fabry 74. The controller transfer function is C SLIDIR differs from general image search engines  , as it focuses solely on slide image retrieval from presentation sets. Yet  , so far  , none of these approaches has made use of the correlation between the unlabeled data items while computing the set of most informative items. In this paper  , we described the design  , the modeling and the experimental results of our prototype of an endoscope based on the use of metal bellows. Starting from a given initial query  , a subgraph is extracted from the Query- URL bipartite using depth first search. However  , at shorter ranges  , distance does not play as large of a role in the likelihood of friendship. In Section 5 we test the performance of our model on the cross-language retrieval task of TREC9  , and compare our performance with results reported by other researchers. Typical state lattice planners for static domains are implemented using a best-first search over the graph such as A* or D*-lite. -relevance evaluation  , which allows ordering of answers. Query translation approaches for cross-language information retrieval CLIR can be pursued either by applying a machine translation MT system or by using a token-to-token bilingual mapping. We decide to set γ to a fixed value that generates reasonable diversification results  , using γ = 10 in all our experiments. , through memoization 42. The data set used in our experiment comes from a commercial news portal which serves millions of daily users in a variety of countries and languages. File services in Gamma are based on the Wisconsin Storage System WiSS CHOUSS . Lafferty and Zhai 7 have demonstrated the probability equivalence of the language model to the probabilistic retrieval model under some very strong assumptions  , which may or may not hold in practice. Also remember that the training period is 2011-2012 while the rest two seasons are both for testing. 6 below is the transfer function of a velocity response model. One of the common approaches is to derive the transfer functions for all input/output pairs from the step response experiments 4. Finally  , we present our conclusion in Section 6. A new technique is required to handle the grouping operation in queries. , 2 I   , which requires huges space for long pattern datasets. The subgraph frequency of Gn ,p at the edge density corresponding to the data is shown as a black dashed line in each plot — with poor agreement — and gray dashed lines illustrate an incremental transition in   , starting from zero when it corresponds to Gn ,p and ending at opt . Not all ICFG paths represent possible executions. Some of its successful applications include library catalogue search  , medical record retrieval  , and Internet search engines e.g. Koza applied GP Genetic Programming to automatic acquisition of subsum tion architecture to perform wall-following behavior  ?2. A T-Regular Expression is a regular expression over a triple pattern or an extended regular expression of the form  The single search box has the option to switch to the advanced mode. The main message to take away from this section is that we use distributed representations sequences of vector states as detailed in §3.1 to model user browsing behavior. After compensating for the friction and coupling torque  , the transfer function between the angle of the motor and the current is given by This is due to the start-up costs associated with the segmentation and could be reduced even further with improvements to the PREDATOR optimizer. Besides being benchmarked as an independent module  , the resulting CLQS system is tested as a new means of query " translation " in CLIR task on TREC collections. This allows the user to fluidly read and annotate documents without having to manage annotated files or explicitly save changes. —the first system for homepage finding. We followed a third approach to recursive queries in designing Jasmine/C. These successes sparked a flurry of activity in which P R M motion planning techniques were applied to a number of challenging problems arising in a variety of fields including robotics e.g. The function is represented as a tree composed of arithmetic operators and the log function as internal nodes  , and different numerical features of the query and ad terms as leafs. Shannon Entropy is shown on the left  , min-Entropy in the middle and Rényi Entropy on the right. After estimating model parameters   , we have to determine the best fitting model from a set of candidate models. In a follow-up work 7 the authors propose a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function. Due to space limitations   , we do not present our queries in detail; we refer the reader to the tSPARQL specification instead. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first search engine with such support for measured information. As we are using binary indicators  , some form of majority voting is probably the simplest possible rule but using such as rule implies to choose very carefully the indicators 13. It is striking that B is orders of magnitude larger than the number of known relevant documents. 3 of the previous section that is  , m-l=3  , the transfer function is However  , when the dimensionality of feature space is too high  , traditional similarity search may fail to work efficiently 46. We therefore experimented with word clusters that are induced from embedded word vectors. However  , we will keep the nested logit terminology since it is more prevalent in the discrete choice literature. The search follows scoping rules. For instance  , one concern selected in gnu.regexp captured code related to the matching of a regular expression over input spanning multiple lines. Section 2 addresses the drawback of the least-square optimization. For instance  , many techniques model control flow and omit data  , thus folding together program states which differ only in variable values. While we believe we have made progress on the schema-matching problem  , we do not claim to have solved it. By averaging the values of pixels having the same y-coordinate in the stripe region  , an array of 24 intensity values along the stripe region in the x direction is obtained. The actual definition of the term significance weight is Pt; = liD  , which is the probability that term i is assigned to document representative D. For term i in document j  , the term significance weight is referred to by s;j and the resulting ranking function is One of the authors then visually investigated a random sample of over a hundred replays of interactions on the search result pages made by real users. Based on the assumptions defined above  , in this section we propose a Two-Dimensional Click Model TDCM to explain the observed clicks. Using a support vector machine with normalized quadratic kernel and an all-pairs method  , this yields an accuracy of 67.9%. Then  , the distribution of the scores of all documents in a library is modelled by the random variable To derive the document score distribution in step 2  , we can view the indexing weights of term t in all documents in a library as a random variable X t . As a result  , the ordering of items needs to be adjusted. Its correct Chinese translations result in average precision AP of 0.5914 for CLIR. Textual similarity between code snippets and the query is the dominant measure used by existing Internet-scale code search engines. The results show PLSA model can improve the quality of recommending. Because WIKI. LINK focuses only anchor phrases  , this query expansion technique considers many fewer  , but potentially higher quality  , expansion terms and phrases than other query expansion methods. Hence  , it helped improve precision-oriented effectiveness. As we can see  , our CTM approach gets the best performance. For example  , we can study the semantic similarity between relevant documents and derive an IR model to rank documents based on their pairwise semantic similarity. E T F E includin the recursive least square is known as Time-varying k a n s f e r Function Estimator TTFE 18. Machine learning methods such as support vector machines were usually employed in the classification. where c i c k means that c i is related to c k through a subsumption relationship. The collection being searched is a combination of both German SDA and NZZ  , and therefore a superset of the one that was aligned to English AP or French SDA. Another future line of research will be performing human part segmentation in videos while exploiting the temporal context. Pattern-based approaches  , on the other hand  , represent events as spatio-temporal patterns in sensor readings and detect events using efficient pattern matching techniques. The rule retrieve means that a document should be retrieved when it is about 'databases' or 'retrieval'. Note that the parameters θz|d  , γz|u and φw|z are probability values and thus we have the constraints of Equations Reference 4 describes the conditions for the closed-loop stability of the system. This problem may be alleviated by specifying DMP values for different overlapping classes of transaction types  , which is supported by some TP monitors. Though some other methods take the textual content into account  , they make oversimplified assumptions and thus ignore useful participation information. For example  , if we take a random set of words out of a book  , we are working in the space of all strings over a certain alphabet  , but in this particular case we are much more likely to encounter some strings  , like " the "   , than others  , like " xyzzy " . We define semantic relevance of a pictogram to be the measure of relevancy between a word query and interpretation words of a pictogram. Previously this differential was constructed using similar folding techniques as the four-bars. The slice held out is then mapped to the 3-D latent space with mapping matrix and appended to the learned embeddings of the other slices. Each experiment performed hill climbing on a randomly selected 90% of the division data. The final facets selected by hill-climbing usually were still within the top 30%  , while the ones selected by random-were evenly distributed among the results from single-facet ranking. To overcome this problem  , we run the optimization for a given target trajectory for 100 times  , using different initial guesses for the starting parameters  , chosen with the following procedure: a robot configuration θ is defined randomly  , within the range of allowed values; a trajectory is determined as a straight line between the given initial and the randomly defined configuration  , by algebraic computations of the B-spline parameters; these latter parameters are taken as initial guess. The space of word clouds is itself high-dimensional  , and indeed  , might have greater dimension than the original space. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. precision 72.0%  , As shown  , 80% of the correct equivalents are within the set of four highest ranked words. 20 perform a comprehensive simulation study to evaluate three MDTs in the context of software cost modelling. We called this forest  , Reconfigurable Random Forest RRF. we conclude that folding the facets panel is neither necessarily beneficial nor detrimental. df w is the number of documents that contain the term w. |d| is the length of document d. avdl is the average document length. Although the effect from adding more expansion terms to a query term diminishes  , for the query terms that do need expansion  , the effects of the expansion terms are typically additive  , the more the expansion the better the performance. However  , permutations are computationally heavy and not necessarily suitable for time critical systems. The force error is predictable from the transfer function. An outcome of our technique is that the Ordering Specification O-Spec of a collection and for that matter the SORT operation that produced it is a superset of the potential order that can be expressed by XQuery. Variants of such measures have also been considered for similarity search and classification 14. Each new map is obtained by executing two steps: an E-step  , where the expectations of the unknown correspondences Ecij and Eci , are calculated for the n-th map eln  , and an M-step  , where a new maxinium likelihood map is computed under these ex- pectations. Operationally then  , Y has the affect of producing a new copy of Y H the " meaning " of the factorial function upon each recursive call. Automatic approaches to query expansion have been studied extensively in information retrieval IR. The acronym-expansion checking function returns true if e is an expansion of a  , and false otherwise. A regular expression r is single occurrence if every element name occurs at most once in it. The problem of finding the top-k lightest loopless path  , matching a pre-specified pattern  , is NP-hard and furthermore   , simple heuristics and straightforward approaches are unable to efficiently solve the problem in real time see Section 2.3. For example  , our Mergesort branch policy still leaves an exponential search for worst-case executions. It is interesting to note that effediveness continues to increase with the number of query expansion terms. Because NDCG focuses on ranking for top pairs  , it is extensively used to measure and compare the performances of rankers or search engines. But for unrelated languages  , such as English and Japanese  , a word missing from the dictionary has little chance of matching any pertinent string in the other language text. For each rank in the interleaved list a coin is flipped to decide which ranker assigns the next document. In this paper  , we simultaneously address grasp prediction and retrieval of latent global object properties. This behavior promotes the local cache. Furthermore  , since NST@Self actually measures an individual's aspiration for variety  , we compared two model-free methods widely adopted in information theory: shannon 37  , which calculates the conditional entropy. The similarity is computed based on the ratings the items receive from users and measures such as Pearson correlation or vector similarity are used. Thk paper describes how these issues can be addressed in a retrieval system based on the inference net  , a probabilistic model of information retrieval. The patterns are assumed to be always right-adjusted in each cascade. The first line runs a paired t-test; in the second one the response variable y is explicitly written as a function of a fixed effect system and a random effect Errortopic. Note that when these values get instantiated they behave as terminals. Then let ρt stand for the ordinary regular expression over element names only that we obtain by removing all types names in the definition of t. For example  , for the XSD in Figure 4we have Patterns for answer extraction are learned from question-answer pairs using the Web as a resource for pattern retrieval. Table 6summarizes the results for these three methods. Next the encoders were reset  , so the robot viewed the new location as the origin  , and a second evidence grid was built. Unique angles in TREC-6 include document translation based CLIR 19  explored by the University of Maryland using the LO- GOS system. A potential transformation is made by selecting one of the sets belonging to Ë and then replacing a random point in this -set by a random point not in the -set. A text window surrounding the target citation  ,  We then wrote a regular expression rules to extract all possible citations from paper's full text. In Section 3  , we discuss the characteristics of online discussions and specifically  , blogs  , which motivate the proposal of S-PLSA in Section 4. LSA Landauer and Dumais  , 1997  , Hyper Analog to Language Lund and Burgess  , 1996 and Random Indexing Kanerva et al. The item similarity between two tags SI tq  , ts is derived by computing the Pearson correlation between the two profiles as follows: Suppose the user is willing to invest some extra time for each query  , how much effort is needed to improve the initial query in expansion effort  , how many query terms need to be expanded  , and how many expansion terms per query term are needed ? Internet advertising is a complex problem. Most previous query expansion approaches focus on text  , mainly using unigram concepts. In this section we present our distributional approach in detail. Although this is a rather obvious result  , it may provide some insight into the more complicated case in which all the links are obstructed. As an alternative or auxiliary to directly aligning between standards and curricular resources on the one hand  , and trying to infer relevance from the structural and semantic similarity of standards across standard sets on the other  , the feasibility of standard crosswalking – that is  , inferring alignment in one set of standards based on alignments in another – has been explored; e.g. We maintained a data store of basic regular expression formats  , suitable substitution types  , an allowable answer type  , and a generic question format for the particular rela- tion. Since the confidence level is low  , the interval estimate is to be discarded. It is difficult to construct more good MT systems to cover other languages. The Pearson correlation between Soft Cardinality scores and coreness annotations was 0.71. This confirms that if the repair expression does not exist in other places of the program  , genetic programming based approaches have rather low chance of synthesizing the repair. If the samples are spaced reasonably densely which is easily done with only a few dozen samples  , one can guarantee that the global maximum of the likelihood function can be found. they are equivalent. Combining these two values using a weighted sum function  , a final function value is calculated for every image block  , and the image block is categorized into one of the three classes: picture  , text  , and background. Second  , it would be useful to investigate customization solutions based on shared tree pattern matching  , once such technology is sufficiently developed. We select the best landmark for localization by minimizing the expected uncertainty in the robot localization. In practice  , DC thrashing is probably infrequent because the limitation of the DMP acts as a load control method. These The results of the study were evaluated with respect to the agreement between the actual gender of a user and our predicted preference for one of the two female-biased or male-biased news streams. -procedures for mapping sensory errors into positional/rotational errors e.g. The content layer is at the bottom  , since the similarity calculated based on low-level features does not have any well-defined mapping with object relevance perceived at semantic level. We disabled constant folding in LLVM because our test cases use concrete constants for the optimizations that use dataflow analyses as described in Section 4. In this paper  , we proposed a novel probabilistic model for blog opinion retrieval. Compared to other caching techniques in the semantic web  , the LDF cache results of a triple pattern  , increasing their usefulness for other queries  , i.e  , the probability of a cache hit is higher than the caching of a SPARQL query results. In most of the existing click models  , we are only aware of which position is clicked  , but the underlying " semantic explanations " for the clicking behavior  , e.g. Arabic  , the same retrieval system was also used for monolingual experiments. The ranking criteria used by their approach consists of the textual similarity of the question-and-answer pairs to the query and the quality of these pairs. Specifically  , positive pattern matches are carefully constructed regular expression patterns and gazetteer lookups while negative pattern matches are regular expressions based on the gazetteer. Prioritization For All Queries means that documents containing phrases enclosed in phrase or mandatory operators in the original query or expanded queries are prioritized. We took a random sample of 316 Consumer and Electronics queries 3 from the Live search query log. For example  , environmental changes might include: the variation in inclination of the axis with respect to gravity; varying reflected inertia as a result of payload changes; externally applied forces; etc. However  , the new genetic material produced by the attacks kept the population evolving up created a random robot that  , combined with the best robot  , produced a superior configuration that improved the population performance. Variable δ ctxt is the context of review r as defined for polarity  , and we use the same transfer function from Equation 5 to connect δ ctxt to the rank-based measures of global and local context. Recently  , in the paper 40 genetic programming is proposed to fix automatically the general bugs  , and a prototype tool called GenProg based on this technique is implemented. By adding virtual relevant documents generated by transformation of original documents to training set  , we could improve performance significantly. We start with the performance of LapPLSA using single resources. Each state has the following exponential family emission distributions: 1 A multinomial distribution emitting the relevance of the line  , r. This distribution is fixed; for each state one of the probabilities is one and the other is zero. In our experiments  , the top 10 terms are selected to expand the original query  , and the new query is used to search the collection for the second time. Our branch policy requires that  , whenever feasible   , each element must be less than the pivot when compared . For each of the three representative types of the structurally recursive query  , we present the current approach of the XQuery core  , new approaches that exploit the structural function inlining  , and some discus- sion. We enhanced the pattern recognition engine in ViPER to execute concurrent parallel pattern matching threads in spite of running Atheris for each pattern serially. To the best of the authors' knowledge  , however  , our work is the first on automatically detecting queries representing specific standing interests   , based on users' search history  , for the purposes of making web page recommendations. In this paper we describe English-Japanese CLIR experiments using the standard BMIR-J2 Japanese text collection 4. In the latter case  , we computed the similarity between each search keyword and a given URL function inFuzzy. One of the key challenges in CLIR is what to do when more than one possible translation is known. Needless to say  , future work includes a long list if items. The first heuristic called " search-near-goal " drives to the parking space that is closest to the target location and then searches for the next free parking spot in a random walk fashion . This information is then logically combined into the proof obligations. Hydraulic position control loop design shown in Figure 4. fitted two human gait motion law   , according to structural dimensions of the knee joint bones to calculate the hydraulic cylinder piston rod desired position Yexp. For example  , Logan 6  vestigated Mel-frequency Cepstral Coefficients MFCCs as acoustic features and utilized Earth-Mover's distance to measure the similarity between songs for recommendation. 4A simple DF*ICF database selection method performs as well as the CORI method. Craswell and Szum- mer 5 used click graph random walks for relevance rank in image search. ate substrings of the example values using the structure. 5 Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: rerank retrieved questions by query likelihood model system 1 using submodular function Eqn.13. We propose two discriminatively trained probabilistic models that model individual posts as hidden variables. The key of most techniques is to exploit random projection to tackle the curse of dimensionality issue  , such as Locality-Sensitive Hashing LSH 20   , a very well-known and highly successful technique in this area. However  , since the focus of this research is on write-optimized B-trees  , we do not pursue the topic further. Finally  , we allow users to optionally specify some keywords that capture relevance and results which contain semantic matches are ranked highest. In this work  , we provide a systematic study on the ads clickthrough log of a commercial search engine to validate and compare different BT strategies for online advertising. Support Vector Machine is well known for its generalization performance and ability in handling high dimension data. Our method of fuzzy text search could be used in any type of CLIR system irrespective of their underlying retrieval models. , at high cumulative probability thresholds that Darwish and Oard reported 4. The Tester is a set of regular expression patterns that match the URL of the first request in an SHRS. -Application step : It consists in the execution of an elementary operation item substitution  , item comparison  , .. We start by fitting the OLS model of income on main effects only for each variable  , using indicator variable coding for the categorical variables. This situation does not take the sentiment information into account. The second approach is to launch the G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in a document  , such as a Microsoft Word file or HTML file. Random Forest Classifier In our production entity matching system  , we sometimes use a Random Forest Classifier RFC 18 for entity matching. Our paired T-test results indicate that our retrieval scores are statistically significant. The first option defines a feature for the lower range value and a feature for the upper range value  , respectively. Thus  , the key to recursive design for time­ delay systems is how to overcome this difficulty to construct recursively the virtual control law in each step such that in the final step the derivative of the Lyapunov-Razumikhin function of the system is neg­ ative whenever the Razumikhin condition holds. The results in the previous section show that our cohort modeling techniques using pre-defined features can more accurately estimate users' individual click preferences as represented via an increased number of SAT clicks than our competitive baseline method. This model can represent insertion  , deletion and framing errors as well as substitution errors. The similarity matrix is M M M ∈ R 100×100   , which adds another 10k parameters to the model. Ruthven 3 compared the relative effectiveness of interactive query expansion and automatic query expansion and found that users were less likely than systems to select effective terms for query expansion. Figure 4depicts an example of the former. The development of sensors that utilize self-folding manufacturing techniques and their integration into more complex structures is an important stepping stone in the path towards autonomously assembling machines and robots. Results for the strategies just described on the TREC-6 CLIR collection are presented in the following: Figure 2shows a comparison of using alignments alone  , using a dictionary pseudo-translation and then using both methods combined  , i.e. If the keywords have a large semantic gap semantic similarity<0.05  , we determine that the doorway page utilizes traffic spam techniques. The other method defines a global score function over the whole collection and solves the optimization problem with simulated annealing. The proposed probabilistic models of passage-based retrieval are trained in a discriminative manner . Table 2shows the Spearman correlation coefficient ρ and the Pearson correlation values for each of the distances with the AP. The submitted runs both use different forms of MeSH based query expansion. For example  , the question string " Where is the Hudson River located ? " The improvement on TREC French to English CLIR task by using CLQS demonstrates the high quality of the suggested queries. More formally  , autocorrelation is defined with respect to a set of related instance pairs Within the SEM Model  , it also provides a function similar to an execution stack in a block-structured language  , where the current context is saved upon recursive invocations further planning and restored upon the successful translation and verification of certain artifacts following a promotion. When combining the expansion terms with the original query  , the combination weights are 2-fold cross-validated on the test set. Thus  , while batch-mode experiments evaluating the effectiveness of automatic query expansion have been favorable  , experiments involving users have had mixed results. Therefore  , to evaluate the performance of ranking  , we use the standard information retrieval measures. The knowcenter group classified the topic-relevant blogs using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset. This difference is due to the fact that random pages tend to have more dynamic content than high-quality ones  , perhaps aimed at attracting the attention of search engines and users. However  , specific non-dictionary nouns and proper names often supply key evidence on the relevance of documents with respect to a query. Finally  , in Section 6 we describe several simulation experiments. So  , if we consider that the user started the walk at some document  , it is usually possible to find even candidates not directly mentioned in this document. The artificial data was generated as decribed in 2 from random cubic polynomials. Hence  , we first remove all functions and type declarations which are private to the terminal. The merit of template matching is that it is tolerant to noise and flexible about template pattern. It is worth noting that although we have only used S- PLSA for the purpose of prediction in this work  , it is indeed a model general enough to be applied to other scenarios. We set the description field as the expansion field  , and we also select 10 documents in the first retrieval results as the expansion source. Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method  , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. Nonetheless  , the accuracy remains stable for a wide range of k 1 values  , indicating the insensitivity of the model with respect to the choice of k 1 values. In this submission  , we introduce a semi-supervised approach suitable for streaming settings that uses word embedding clusters and temporal relevance to represent entity contexts. Expert knowledge can be included in the methods  , and the definition of the problem can be changed in different ways to reflect different user envi- ronments. Thus  , it is essential that content reuse detection methods should be efficient and scalable. INSS92 presents a randomized approach – based on iterative improvement and simulated annealing techniques – for parametric query optimization with memory as a parameter. The necessary conditions to bundle operators within a block are: same degrees of parallelism and same partitioning strategies. This objective is not restrained to textual similarity only  , but takes also into account the semantic similarity of classes and properties inferred by the schema. The authors showed that in general case finding all simple paths matching a given regular expression is NP-Complete  , whereas in special cases it can be tractable. Shannon proposed to measure the amount of uncertainty or entropy in a distribution. The resulting hashing method achieves better performance than LSH for audio retrieval. However  , when positional information is added the inverted file entries for common words become dramatically larger. One method of removing robots is to identify them with outliers and remove outliers. Pattern matching has been used in a number of applications . Near duplicate detection is made possible through similarity search with a very high similarity threshold. The schema designer can override the default database transformations by explicitly associating user-defined conversion functions to the class just after its change in the schema. In the function  , two similarity measures are used. The whole pedestrian area in RPUM will then be set black to avoid duplicate matching. However  , conversations are bound to evolve in different conversational patterns  , leading to a progressive decay in the matching ambiguity. Thus  , a signal segment of the former type would be characterised by low entropy. The robot has been also trained to overcome an obstacle in the direction of the goal obtaining analogous results initializing also in this case randomly the Q-function. The ZPETC can solve this problem. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function  , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. For this  , we designed a scoring function to quantify the likelihood that a specific user would rate a specific attraction highly and then ranked the candidates accordingly. We participated in the 1999 TREC-8 ad hoc text retrieval evalu- ation 8. For example  , in both cases AEi is always negative for some move i  , until a local minima is reached and such minima are few in the complete reconfiguration of the robot from the initial to the final configuration. For current control  , the servo transfer function of output angle as a function of input current is taken from eq 1 as Many studies on similarity search over time-series databases have been conducted in the past decade. From each mention  , a set of semantic terms is extracted  , and the number of mentions a term derives from can be used to quantify its relevance for a document. Unless specified otherwise  , for illustration purposes  , in each of the experiments  , the actual query load is a batch of b = 20 queries web session identification. Other hyper-parameters for these methods were optimized through random search 41. Voorhees et al. each joint performance is bounded by +/-a maximum value; the ellipsoids are formulated using task space vectors that are not homogeneous from a dimensional viewpoint  , to take into account both translational and rotational performances; the weight matrices used to normalize do not provide unique results this problem had already been identified in 5. Such an initialization allows a query as well as a URL to represent multiple search intents  , and at the same time avoids the problem of assigning undesirable large emission probabilities. 2 11 queries with monolingual average precision lower than CLIR. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as First  , LCE provides a mechanism for combining term dependence with query expansion. Many robotic manipulation tasks  , including grasping   , packing  , and part fitting require geometric information on objects. stemming and capitalization and then converted into a list of 110 regular expressions  , such as: In this example  , a word with the normalized form place  , view  , or use must occur in the same sentence as tool to collect  , and a word with normalized form inform e.g. Then  , the variable sizes of word embedding sets will be aggregated into a fixed length vector  , Fisher Vector FV  , based on the Fisher kernel framework 27. We are currently working on improving class membership detection. Fourth  , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets so that its coverage detection capability is often more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method e.g. , 23  , or on models of link structure conditioned on the attributes e.g. For example  , 16 relies on the hospital-residents problem to detect property matches. This measure is then used for a search method similar to the hill climbing method. , 2   , applied simulated annealing to construct an image from known sets of shapes in the presence of noise. There appears to be no significant difference among the single imputation techniques at the 1% level of significance. Till now  , we have validated that deep learning structures  , contextual reformulations and integrations of multi-dimensions of ranking evidences are effective. We also use the following recursive function to construct the unit type for a variable x based on its C type τ when no appropriate annotations for x are provided: The average pooling of word embedding vector utilizes word embeddings in a low-dimensional continuous space where relevant words are close to each other. Regular path expression. These joints fold only downward  , and have a physical stop to prevent them from folding upwards. To address the " dimensionality curse " problem  , the index subsystem must use as few dimensions as possible . In general  , our work indicates the potential value of " teaching to the test " —choosing  , as the objective function to be optimized in the probabilistic model  , the metric used to evaluate the information retrieval system. Strictly speaking  , the context of a query term q i ,k occurred at the k-th location of the i-th document is the terms surrounding and including q i ,k . Our model is general and simple so that it can be used to efficiently and effectively measure the similarity between any two documents with respect to certain contexts or concepts in information retrieval. Our selected procedure to predict future retweet activity is summarized in resolution Δ pred   , we proceed as follows: First  , we identify the infectious rate of a tweet pt by fitting the proposed oscillatory model. In each case  , we formed title+description queries in the same manner as for the automatic monolingual run. However  , it was the worst-performing model on the bed object. 'fico control is used to suppress the effect of uncertainties by minimizing the oo-norm of the system's closed-loop transfer function. And we selected the top 20 terms as highly relevant expansion terms for the next scoring step. The must likely cause is difference in linguistic features. As part of the Accelerate and Create task  , we also describe an exploratory tool for efficient and intuitive visualization of large streams. beginning Step Two  , Multimodal Search Reviews. This optimization is performed first by noticing that the exponential loss En+m writes: The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. We want to a avoid over-fitting and b present to the user those patterns that are important. One was to request random pages from the search engine  , and to keep looking at random pages until one struck their fancy. However  , by construction  , these configurations are contained in the same connected component and can be joined by a transfer path. The transition probability is defined as a function of the Euclidean distance between each pair of points. A content expression is simply a regular expression ρ over the set of tokens ∆. Closing of the page or time outs are encoded as E. For example the trail in the example will be encoded to the string SSV V SSV P . Probabilistic models have been successfully applied in document ranking  , such as the traditional probabilistic model 23  , 13  , 24 and stochastic language model 21  , 15  , 29 etc. This suggests that probabilistic models are translation tools that are as valuable as MT systems for the CLIR purposes. We cannot answer these questions easily by inspecting the stack trace and source code. The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. If the model fitting has increased significantly  , then the predictor is kept. We used sentence as window size to measure relevance of appearing concepts to the topic term. In this work  , the attachment of fine muscles such as ligament  , interosseus  , lumbricalis  , and so on is not considered since it is very difficult to make it artificially. Hence  , the input sentence matrix is augmented with an additional set of rows from the word type embeddings . We looked at how the elapsed time between equal-query queries affected the likelihood of observing a repeat click. In this vein  , optimizing over this group of tasks concurrently should yield another unique  , optimal morphology. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. Any regular expression is allowed; this can be simply a comma or slash for a split pattern or more complex expressions for a match pattern. , query expansion and document expansion. It is intriguing that the LINE2nd outperforms the state-of-the-art word embedding model trained on the original corpus. The table that follows summarises generalization performance percentage of correct predictions on test sets of the Balancing Board Machine BBM on 6 standard benchmarking data sets from the UCI Repository  , comparing results for illustrative purposes with equivalent hard margin support vector machines. CLIR is concerned with the problem of a user formulating a query in one language in order to retrieve documents in several other languages. However  , this feature was quite noisy and sparse  , particularly for URLs with query parameters e.g. This has a negative impact on the performance of our deep learning model since around 40% of the word vectors are randomly initialized. In the experiments for this problem  , only 8 out of 480 single start statistical hill-climbing runs 6 hours on one Sparc 20 per run converged to a feasible solution-that is approximately 1.7%. That is  , the cross-modal semantically related data objects should have similar hash codes after mapping. In this paper  , we introduce CWM into SEE for solving the drive factors missing problem. In our case studies  , we compare each correspondence {x  , y} in A to a correspondence {x  , y } in a reference alignment R. We use the semantic distance between y and y as a relevance measure for the correspondence {x  , y}. Our experiments show that query expansion can hurt robustness seriously while it improves the average precision. The first four columns show the name  , the lines of code  , the number of threads  , and the bug type. We envisage that such similarity metrics of a feature-similarity model may also serve as objective functions for automated search in the space of systems defined by its feature model. The one-class classification problem is formulated to find a hyperplane that separates a desired fraction of the training patterns from the origin of the feature space F. This hyperplane cannot be always found in the original feature space  , thus a mapping function Φ : F − → F   , from F to a kernel space F   , is used. s ≈ 14 i particle Table 1: Identifier-definitions for selected identifiers and namespaces extracted from the English Wikipedia  , the accumulated score s and the human relevance rankings confirmed    , partly confirmed    , not sure   and incorrect  . Our suggested probabilistic methods are also able to retrieve per-feature opinions for a query product. For example  , for Paraphrase-Abbreviation questions for example  , " What is the abbreviation for the United Nations "   , it retrieves all articles in which the fullname United Nations appears. The iterative method may be used alone for detection of data flow anomalies for an entire program. Thus they push relevant DRs from the result list. From the home page users can search for pictures by using a fielded search or similarity search. For example  , the candidate patterns for URL1 are http : Step 2: To determine whether a segment should be generalized  , we accumulate all candidate patterns over the URL database. autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. We will compare our technique to standard similarity search on the inverted index in terms of quality  , storage  , and search efficiency. For the case that only the drive factors are incomplete  , LRSRI can obtain better imputation results than other imputation methods  , which indicates the effectiveness of the low-rank recovery technique with our designed data structurization strategy. We proposed a game theory based approach for the run time management of a IaaS provider capacity among multiple competing SaaSs. The first data structure was an array  , the data structure used by B SD quicksort. In 2  , Koo and K ,  , denote the independent stiffness elements of the operational space and the fingertip space  , respectively. Force sensors are built into HITDLR hand. Prior knowledge can be embedded into the fuzzy rules  , which can reduce the training time significantly. Feature matching method needs to abstract features e.g. Overall the improvement respect to xQuAD is clear. The problem here is determining how good the imputation model is for a candidate point  , when the true global values for this point are not known. Other disciplines that promise to support for a better grounded discipline of CSD for business value include utility theory  , game theory  , financial engineering e.g. Figure 10shows that the search quality is not so sensitive to different K values. Consider the regular expression AxBx: the patterns ABBB and ACBC are valid with x = B and x = C respectively. Heuristic Rule for DFF : Select DFF from Ci to Cj iff one ,of the following condition holds : l These cases yield a high precision up to almost maximum recall. Herein  , we measure retrieval performance using average precision AP@k; i.e. Equation 14 shows that the plant transfer function is a fourth order system with an integral term. 4  , stochastic gradient descent SGD is further applied for better efficiency 17  , and the iteration formulations are To solve Eqn. By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. Using these sets of expansion terms  , Magennis and Van Rijsbergen simulated a user selecting expansion terms over four iterations of query expansion. The first 1 ,000 iterations of MCMC chains were discarded as an initial burn-in period. Thirdly the returned image results are reranked based on the textual similarity between the web page containing the result image and the target web page to be summarized as well as the visual similarity among the result images. However  , semantic similarity neither implies nor is implied by structural similarity. Folding intermediates have been an active research area over the last few years. In the context of NLP  , distributed models are able to learn word representations in a low-dimensional continuous vector space using a surrounding context of the word in a sentence  , where in the resulting embedding space semantically similar words are close to each other 31. It has been observed that in general the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the unigram language model approach perform very similarly if both have been fine-tuned. 3 or Eqn. However  , the fully connected AE ignores the high dimensionality and spatial structure of an image. As in previous work 4  , 10   , we use Kendall-τ and Pearson coefficient as the correlation metrics. Finally  , we show the potential leverage of product master data from manufacturers with regard to products offered on the Web. CyCLaDEs aims at discovering and connecting dynamically LDF clients according to their behaviors. The same values of ρ and K as GMRFmix are used for the 1 regularization coefficient and U  , respectively. In contrast  , obtaining a minimal reformulation can take worst case exponential time in the size of the universal plan  , if the backchase has to inspect many subqueries before finding it. Though we use RBP and DCG as motivators  , our interest is not specifically in them but in model-based measures in general. The mini-batch size of the stochastic gradient descent is set as 1 for all the methods. 2 We make our search system publicly accessible for enabling further research on and practical applications for web archives. Since the number of parameters is large and there are tremendous amount of training data  , we use stochastic gradient descent SGD to learn the model  , since it is proven to be scalable and effective. Accordingly   , in future work  , we intend to introduce additional types of concepts into the parameterized query expansion framework   , including multiple-term expansion concepts  , named entities  , and non-adjacent query term pairs. This way we can assume that the whole robot structure has the equivalent transfer function 9 for every given position an for each motor at a time. To test the robots  , the Q-learning function is located within another FSA for each individual robot. One of our merits is that we consider comprehensive factors including linguistic   , statistical  , and CLIR aspects to predict T . As mentioned previously  , we adopt VERT for pattern matching. Then  , after the operator released the Spaceball  , the robot arm continued its original autonomous motion without any replanning together with autonomous recovering plan. This is captured by the regular expression guard shown at the top of the SndReq lifeline in Figure 1a. External expansion on a cleaner e.g. We found that though our method gives results that are quite similar to the baseline case when prediction is done in 6 h before the event  , it gives significantly better performance when prediction is done 24 h and 48 h before the events. Fig.4shows the impedance control scheme. In particular  , kernel-based LSH KLSH 23  was recently proposed to overcome the limitation of the regular LSH technique that often assumes the data come from a multidimensional vector space and the underlying embedding of the data must be explicitly known and computable. Finally  , conclusions are presented in Section 6. E. W. Dijkstra  , in his book on structured pro- gramming 7   , describes a backtracking solution with pruning   , which we implemented in Java for the purpose of our experiment. We also studied query independent features on an Support Vector Machine classifier. In particularly  , by allowing random collisions and applying hash mapping to the latent factors i.e. In computer architecture design  , prefetching is usually employed to request instructions that are anticipated to be executed in the future and place them in the CPU cache. The third column lists some example regular expressions or gazetteer entries as the case may be. In experiments  , we find an appropriate ¡Û value manually for each dataset. No matter what kind of controller C we use in Figure 4   , the transfer function GI and the backdrivability G2 always keep the following relationship. As a follow-on to this work  , Lacerda et al. Similarly  , WISE highlights the On 2  worst-case of Quicksort  , while the average-case complexity is only On log n. Also  , our method is based on search behavior similarity and not only on content similarity. Certainly  , if the lexicon is available in main memory it can be scanned using normal pattern rnatching techniques to locate partially specified terms. Recall that the PATH-IS function accepts an argument which is a regular expression  , say R. It turns out that it has an implicit formal parameter s which is a string made up by concatenating integers between 1 and m. Therefore  , the PATH-IS function really denotes the following question: Does s belong to the regular set R ? At the present time we have no general solvers for recursive procedures; however  , for regular recursion many of the loop solving techniques are applicable. In 19  , collision detection is done in C-space using the pre-determined C-space configuration although the random points are generated in task space. For We will give a brief summary of the random forest c1assifier. Although other work has explored dwell time  , to the best of our knowledge this is the first work to use dwell time for a large scale  , general search relevance task. UC also includes a utility to scan a portion of the file system specified by the user. We further use the alignments to extend the classical CLIR problem to include the merging of mono-and cross-language retrieval results  , presenting the user with one multilingual result list. In particular  , the CLOnE 5 and ACE Attempto Controlled English 4 work introducing controlled language languages CNL  , and related GINO 2 and GINSENG interfaces for guided input interfaces for CNLs were the basis of Atomate UI's design. We leverage a Random Forest RF classifier to predict whether a specific seller of a product wins the Buy Box. The other primitives are less crucial with respect to the YQL implementation  , and therefore we skip their discussions due to space limitations. In all experiments  , TSA yields the best optimization/execution cost  , ratio. Preliminary results showed that our topic-based defect prediction has better predictive power than state-of-the-art approaches. In addition to changes in the item ordering  , incremental updating may also lead to the introduction of new items in the tree. The model underlying the scoring function assumes the user has a certain propensity to navigate outward from the initial query results  , and that navigation is directed based on the user's search task. However   , through   , δ–correctness we can see that no magic is going on  , as for all datasets these scores actually did decrease ; the incomplete training data hinders both methods in grasping the true data distribution. Wikipedia Topic-Entity Expansion Starting from top-15 documents ranked by our system  , we follow two query expansion steps: 1. Taking this function as weighting for the individual behaviours from the input space  , a mapping is defmed between the input and output spaces. where α is the similarity threshold in a fuzzy query. 5 and 6 it is clear that the both motor and link can be operated around the natural frequency of the The results of the rating question on relevance suggested that users believed the returned sets were not always semantically relevant. In particular  , we use a technique for approximate similarity search when data are represented in generic metric spaces. extracted from parallel sentences in French and English  , the performance of CLIR is improved. These functions are: instruction access tracing  , data access tracing  , and conditional transfer tracing. We see from Table 1that our method was particularly fast. If they are not available  , the importance of textual similarity measures increases  , with Jaccard index being clearly preferred over Levenshtein distance. This can is typically very large 7. Integrating Queries and Browsing. Note  , partial bindings  , which come from the same input  , have the same set of unevaluated triple patterns. The probabilistic annotation model can handle multi-word queries while the direct retrieval approach is limited to 1 word queries at this time. To effectively leverage supervised Web resource and reduce the domain gap between general Web images and personal photos  , we have proposed a transfer deep learning approach to discover the shared representations across the two domains. An example is given at the beginning o section 4. method is described in  13; the algebra A itself is a contribution of this paper. This work investigates the effect of the following techniques in reducing HTML document size  , both individually and in combination:  general tidying-up of document  , removal of proprietary tags  , folding of whitespace; Because the HTML under consideration is automatically generated and fits the DTD  , the parser need not be able to handle incorrect HTML; it can be much less robust than the parsers used by web browsers. The paper will also offer explanations  , why these methods have positive effects. These formulae are used to perform similarity searches. It is generally agreed that the probabilistic approach provides a sound theoretical basis for the development of information retrieval systems. Conclusions and the contributions of this work are summarized in Section 6. The most related work is in the area of index design. Another genetic programming-based approach to link discovery is implemented in the SILK framework 15. We randomly select 80% nodes as the training set and the rest as the testing set. Search engines play an important role in web page discovery for most users of the Web. In future work  , we plan to investigate the utility of the two-vocabulary setting when training with both SE and NL corpora. One limitation of regular LSH is that they require explicit vector representation of data points. String and numeric literals  , Java names  , access modifier lists  , and other non-structured entities are represented using simple text-based pattern languages. The run block size is the buffer size for external Instead of sorting the records in the data buffer directly  , we sort a set of pointers pointing to the records. Similarly  , the weighted permutation entropy scores did not exhibit a significant difference over the latency conditions  , for permutations of order With respect to the EDA data  , the obtained Shannon entropy scores did not change significantly across the latency conditions χ 2 3 = 3.40  , p > .05. Since there is no guarantee of a unique extremum in the cost function   , a method like simulated annealing can be used to optimize the cost function 22. Figure 3b describes the results obtained with CyCLaDEs activated. The meaning of the data-transfer cost-function C T t  , g 1   , g 2  is relative to the current execution site: when g 1 is the current execution site and g 2 is a remote execution site  , the function result represents the cost of sending the parameter data from the current site remotely; conversely when g 1 is a remote execution site and g 2 is the current execution site the function result represents the cost for the current execution site to receive the parameters data. This system employs two novel ideas related to generic answer type matching using web counts and web snippet pattern matching. retrieveD :-aboutD ,"retrieval". Even if this point of view is not original  , neither for IR 1 nor for CLIR Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. 2 Chemical names with similar structures may have a large edit distance. A large number of bytes changed might result from a page creator who restructures the spacing of a page's source encoding while maintaining the same content from a semantic and rhetorical point of view. An algebra A is presented that combines the problems of finding the three kinds of data flow anomalies. We compared the labels sizes of four labeling schemes in Table 2. We therefore configured the Gigascope to only try the regular expression match for DirectConnect if the fixed offset fields match. As we can see  , the proposed approach is an order of magnitude faster than the production quality regular expression solution. In this paper  , we present a stochastic search technique using simulated annealing to solve the machine loading problem in FAS. , president will be an answer. 10 reported an ontology-based information extraction system  , MultiFlora. One is the similarity to the " positive " profile  , the other for the " negative " profile. Supporting to similarity queries from inside SQL in a native form is important to allow optimizing the full set of search operations involved in each query posed. The user may not be proficient at reading a foreign language  , so could not be expected to look through more than the top retrieved documents. First  , we examine the relationship between proximity and friendship  , observing that  , as expected  , the likelihood of friendship drops monotonically as a function of distance. For either representation  , we first drop unnecessary punctuation marks and phrases such as " socalled " or " approximately " . The challenge for CBIR systems therefore is to provide mechanisms for structuring browsing in ways that rely upon the visual characteristics of images. A comment with each of the public attributes indicates its t~  , all other inherited attributes are recursive. , Chinese. The ability to extract names of organizations  , people  , locations  , dates and times i.e. " Otherwise  , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. Although surface text pattern matching is a simple method  , it is very effective and accurate to answering specific types of ques- tions. To that end  , we study the performance of the representativeness measures Clarity  , WIG  , NQC  , QF when predicting the quality of the ranking induced by the relevance model over the entire corpus 6 . In the context of the TREC Interactive Task  , discussions of nuance and specificity centered on the semantic relations hyponymy and hypernymy 5 . a variable for the solving method. The next step in our experimental plan is to use schemas such as our detailed ones for blog sevice users and bioinformatics information and computational grid users Hs05 to learn a richer predictive model. The benefit of taking into account the search result count is twofold. However  , this optimization can lead to starvation of certain types of transactions. Replace performs pattern matching and substitution and is available in the SIR with 32 versions that contain seeded faults. , average inter-click delay  , data-transfer sizes. It admits infinite number of joint-space solutions for a given task-space trajectory. MUST currently uses all the possible translations for each content word and performs no weight adjustment. By contrast  , apart from incorporating the search term occurrences in the document for ranking  , our score of every location in the document is determined by the terms located nearby the search term and by the relative location of these terms to the search term. For the default parameterizations of constant values and constant lengths it is easy to adjust the formulas given in the previous section. Section 2 introduces the adjacency structure and describes how it is used to recursively evaluate the support function. After circuit equivalent treatment  , hydraulic cylinders  , the equivalent position of the transfer function expressed as: We denote tj as the corresponding translation of si in target language. In reporting on KMS for TREC 2004  , we described in detail the major types of functions employed: XML  , linguistic  , dictionary  , summarization  , and miscellaneous string and pattern matching. Cui et al. Maps have evolved over time to address scale issues  141. PROCLUS 2 seeks to find axis-aligned subspaces by partitioning the set of points and then uses a hill-climbing technique to refine the partitions. Recent developments in representation learning deep learning 5 have enabled the scalable learning of such models. The main reason is that the values of rewards fade over time  , causing all robots to prefer actions that have immediate rewards. BMEcat. , no prior  , basic PLSA can be used to cluster any group of sentences to extract representative opinion sentences. Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q outperforms NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood by a small but statistically significant margin p < 0.001. 4 Yahoo! For query generation  , we modify verb constructions with auxiliaries that differ in questions and corresponding answers  , e.g. " The best results were obtained when using 40 top search hits. Additionally  , potential clusters are maximally S-connected  , i.e. Query expansion comes from two sources and used in different stages. Note that  , in practice  , it is generally infeasible to consider all the words appearing in the blog entries as potential features   , because the feature set would be extremely large in the order of 100 ,000 in our data set  , and the cost of constructing a document-feature matrix could be prohibitively high. Table 3lists the percentages for query types for CSIs. 24  studied query expansion based on classical probabilistic model. We used word co-occurrence measure of Z-score to select the query expansion terms. In addition  , we present a new tensor model that not only incorporates the domain knowledge but also well estimates the missing data and avoids noises to properly handle multi-source data. Statistical t-test 13 is conducted to indicate whether the CLQS-based CLIR performs significantly better. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query generated from a document 9. Each pattern comprises a regular expression re and a feature f . In this example the developer does not have access to information from previous tasks or other developers   , so a new concern is created in ConcernMapper. The assumption is that manually written tests for a certain class have inputs more likely to reveal faults than random ones. Using the same method as in the aforementioned formulas the tfidf values are calculated for the terms  , but the term frequency is of course based on the search result itself  , rather than the " positive " or " negative " profile. of the window for each attribute was a random fraction of the domain range for that attribute. The knowledge base is enriched by learning from user behaviors  , such that the retrieval performance can be enhanced in a hill-climbing manner. For automatic relevance labels we use the available regular expression answer patterns for the TREC factoid questions. Features are computed using standard IR techniques like tokenization  , case folding  , stop-word removal  , stemming and phrase detection. To reduce the number of candidate plans we can adopt a heuristic of considering only the physical operators that requires the strongest parameter sort order less than the guaranteed sort order. Our patterns are flexible -note that the example and matched sentences have somewhat different trees. We further leverage answers to a question to bridge the vocabulary gap between a review and a question. This makes the flexible beam equations very difficult to solve and simplifications must be made. On the negative end of the spectrum  , corresponding to international outlets  , we find words such as countries  , international  , relationship  , alliance and country names such as Iran  , China  , Pakistan  , and Afghanistan. Turbulence in the airflow produces a fluctuating chemical concentration at the robot. 9. For most models  , the performance increases as the model learns good weights and then stabilizes at a slightly lower value  , which can be attributed to the opposing effects of over-fitting and of the stabilizing effect of the regularization coefficients. Once a list of monolingual results has been retrieved in each collection   , all the lists are merged to produce a multilingual result list. Moreover  , the transition time is not known in advance and it should not be fixed in the entire state space  , especially in complex dynamic systems. There exist two general approaches: the hill-climbing approach based on the MDL score 16  , 23  , the prevalent  , more practical one which is used here  , and the constraint-based approach. An answer pattern covers the target  , the property  , an arbitrary string in between these objects plus one token preceding or following the property to indicate where it starts or ends. Coverage does not exceed 79%. The query types and expansion term categories are as follow. They use this model to generate a set of weights for terms from past queries  , terms from intermediate ranked lists and terms from clicked documents  , yielding an alternative representation of the last query in a session. These weights are then used to re-rank documents in the list R. We utilize the proximity of query terms and expansion terms inside query document DQ to assign importance weights to the explicit expansion concepts. In general  , the model allows the user to start with the entity types of interest  , describe each entity type with a nested list of attribute types and build any number of levels of association types. However  , these are not the only concepts learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . Next  , we present the details of the proposed model GPU-DMM. In order to use established best-first search approaches  , we need to make the heuristic function both additive and positive. The Ad Hoc task provides a useful opportunity for us to get new people familiar with the tools that we will be using in the CLIR track|this year we submitted a single oocial Ad Hoc run using Inquery 3.1p1 with the default settings. In fact  , if we consider the width and the depth of a tree as its largest width and depth  , respectively  , we noted that trees are on average 2.48 wider than deeper. We shall refer to the resultant multi-dimensional index structure as the bitstring-augmented multi-dimensional index. In ROBE81 a similar retrieval model  , the 80 251 called two-poisson-independence TPI model is described. Ballesteros 3 researched a transitive scheme and techniques to overcome word ambiguity. Once the optimization procedure has selected a dig  , it can be mapped back to the joints of the excavator. Similarly  , the average improvement in Pearson correlation rises from 7% to 14% on average. More recently  , Deutscher et ai. In 24  , a theory of learning interactions is developed using game theory and the principle of maximum entropy; only 2 agent simulations are tested. Ten experiments were performed with each of the two divisions. Although unsupervised techniques were newly developed see  , e.g. Only patterns with score greater than some empirically determined threshold are applied in pattern matching. 6  , is the limiting factor to draw individual samples from each hypothesis set. To the best of our knowledge  , XSeek is the first XML keyword search engine that automatically infers desirable return nodes to form query results. σ  , the number of documents to which a cluster's score is distributed Equation 3: {5 ,10 ,20 ,30 ,40} ρ  , the number of rounds: 1–2  , Cluster-Audition; 1–5  , Viterbi Doc-Audition and Doc-Audition. Query expansion is a wellknown method in IR for improving retrieval performance. K w : This database models the plan-time effects of sensing actions with binary outcomes. Furthermore  , for some queries  , retrieval based on the original query results in performance superior to that resulting from the use of an expansion model. The semantic association between the nodes is used to compute the edge weights query-independent while the relevance of a node to the query is used to define the node weight query- dependent. Inspired from lo  , the segments of articulation of each finger are concurrent at the wrist's middle point  , C   , as shown in Figure 2a. We developed a novel multi-label random forest classifier with prediction costs that are logarithmic in the number of labels while avoiding feature and label space compression. We collected all the data in an SPARQL-capable RDF store and extrapolated some statistics to substantiate the potential of our approach. Effectiveness of query removal for IR. The matching percentage is used because the pattern may contain only a portion of the data record. Although we found stronger correlations with tags from a user's own culture own = 0.66  , other = 0.42  , we did not find significant differences between cultures. Both the Mozer and the Bein and Smolensky models used a-constant link weight between terms and document$ CODEFINDER extends the model further by making use of inverse document frequency measures for link weights. Thus  , specification-based and program-based test cases need not be rerun. These relations may include temporal relations  , meronymic relations  , causal relations  , and producer/consumer relations. In order to identify class names in the first group  , we can additionally match different parts of the package name of the class in documents. The robot learns a sensorimotor mapping and affordance categorizations and projects the mapping into the future to exploit affordances . Just indexing multimedia through text search engines is quite imprecise; in a random sample we took  , only 1.4% of the text on Web pages with images described those images. If none of the above heuristics identifies a merge  , we mark the pull request as unmerged. Therefore  , for each hinge  , the trace height was determined empirically to ensure sufficient folding without excessive warping or peeling. We are currently working on folding in our classifier module into a web-scale crawler. This change leads to learning rich and accurate representation compared to the previous model  , which freezes the word vectors while learning the document vectors. Many applications with similarity search often involve a large amount of data  , which demands effective and efficient solutions. 12bottom. To date  , work on statistical relational models has focused primarily on static snapshots of relational datasets even though most relational domains have temporal dynamics that are important to model. By replacing T containing crease information cut or hinge to T containing desired angle information  , Alg. For example  , many of the activities that the Reference Model for an Open Archival Information System OAIS 1 places within the Ingest function can be important and valuable to carry out  , not only during transfer to an archives  , but also during system design  , creation  , active use  , within the preservation environment  , during transfer to a secondary use environment and within the secondary use environment. Which branching points are flipped next depends on the chosen search strategy  , such as depth-first search DFS or breadth-first search BFS. For example  , producible impact force is input  , a safety strategy is a factor  , its danger index is transfer function  , and injury to a human is output. Some researchers minimize a convex upper bound 17 on the objective above: The central challenge in learning to rank is that the objective q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y is highly discontinuous; its gradient is either zero or undefined at any given point w. The vast majority of research on learning to rank is con-cerned with approximating the objective with more benign ones that are more tractable for numerical optimization of w. We review a few competitive approaches in recent work. Users were asked in the post-task questionnaire which summary made the users want to know more about the underlying document . The measures were integrated in a similarity-based classification procedure that builds models of the search-space based on prototypical individuals. Higher-level problems  , including inconsistency  , incompleteness and incorrectness can be identified by comparing the semi-formal model to the Essential interaction pattern and to the " best practice " examples of EUC interaction pattern templates. A set of sufficient conditions for showing that a folding preserves violations of specifications expressed in propositional temporal logic are given in YouSS. In 15  , similarity between two queries was computed from both the keywords similarity and the common search result landing pages selected by users. We measure the compressibility of the data using zero order Shannon entropy H on the deltas d which assumes deltas are independent and generated with the same probability distribution  , where pi is the probability of delta i in the data: It also reduces the delta sizes as compared to URL ordering  , with approximately 71.9% of the deltas having the value one for this ordering. When Find is called on behalf of a read-only transaction lock-mode is None indicating no lock  , and latch-mode is False. This approach avoids the performance overheads associated with threads: kernel scheduling  , context switching  , stack and task data structures allocation  , synchronization   , inter-thread communication  , and thread safety issues. We define the cost of evaluating a query Q over a sequence s denoted by costQ  , s  , which means total number of nodes defined in the XQuery data model 12 that are accessed in the evaluation of Q. Table 2shows the experimental results. The robot learns the mapping and catego-rizations entirely within its sensorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a przorz internal representations. Since MATA is based on graph transformations  , sequence pointcuts can be handled in a straightforward manner since they are just another application of pattern matching-based weaving. We obtained 343 random queries from Microsoft Help and Support Search Query logs. Note that in the following we refer to the number of triples matching a pattern as the size of the pattern. In the startup phase  , initial estimates of the hyperparameters φ 0 are obtained. For instance  , in a sample of 38720 documents drawn at random from the Online Public Access Catalogue OPAC of the Universitätsbibliothek at Karlsruhe University TH  , 11594 approximately 30% had no keyword  , although the library has the reputation for having the best catalogue in Germany. We then propose four basic types of formula search queries: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. NTCIR test collection and SMART retrieval system were used to evaluate the proposed strategies in CLIR. 2 presented an incremental automatic question recommendation framework based on PLSA. Compounding the lack of clarity in the claims themselves is an absence of a consistent and rigorous evaluation framework . Likewise  , the pattern-matching language in REFINE provides a powerful unification facility   , but this appears to be undecidable—no published results are available about the expressive power of its pattern-matching language. , generating the configuration space obstacles Lozano-Perez 811. Each neuron receives as input all the outputs from the previous layer  , and applies a specific weight and a transfer function to this input  , to then pass this result to the neurons in the next layer. We then wrote a regular expression rules to extract all possible citations from paper's full text. The exploration-cost estimate is used by the ECM to help remove certain types of incorrect advice. While on the CLIR task PLTMs were configured with T=100  , 200  , 300  , 400  , 500  , 700 and 1k. With an in-depth study to analyze the impacts of saliency features in search environment  , we demonstrate visual saliency features have a significant improvement on the performance of examination prediction. In our experiments we did not remove any stop words  , and retained all case information  , so that every sequence of alphanumeric characters was indexed. Documents are then retrieved based on the expanded query model. The intermediate output of the Viterbi program is shown as follows: arthur : 1 ,01 b : 1 ,11 sackler : 1 ,21 2 ,340.6 .. 12 ,20.5 .. : the : 0 ,210.0019 0 ,260.0027 .. 23 ,440.0014 internet : 0 ,270.0027 1 ,390.0016 .. 18 ,160.0014 unique : 0 ,280.0027 Choosing the sequence with the highest score  , we find the most likely position sequence. There are many approaches for doing this search  , the most common approach that is currently used is Viterbi beam search that searches for the best decoding hypothesis with the possibility to prune away the hypotheses with small scores. This distribution seem to follow a powerlaw distribution as we see in Figure 4and when we fit our general Figure 4: General Model: y-axis is the ratio of retweets  , and the x-axis is the number of minutes between a retweet and the original tweet. Figure 3apresents results of the LDF clients without CyCLaDEs. Section 3 then introduces our meaning matching model and explains how some previously known CLIR techniques can be viewed as restricted implementations of meaning matching . The two different document-oriented and query-oriented views on how to assign a probability of relevance of a document to a user need have resulted in several different types of practical mod- els 17 . It has some limitations due to stochastic search. We now discuss how to address two practical challenges in employing our model as a prediction tool. As specified above  , when an unbiased model is constructed  , we estimate the value of μs for each session. , ∀ nodes x  , y ∈ G and for any predicate p  , either px  , y or ¬px  , y holds in G. In particular  , all nodes in a maximal OTSP sets are totally ordered using a topological sort. An overview of the technical issues involved in supporting CLIR within the European Library with a specific focus on user query translation can be found in Agosti1. These two probabilistic models for the document retrieval problem grow out of two different ways of interpreting probability of relevance. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. First  , when using the same number of hash tables  , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need  , compared with the entropy-based approach ? We evaluated the query and HTTP costs to learn certain percentage of the holdings of an archive using RSM under different profiling policies. The relevance of a resource a is in inverse proportion to the distance from the ideal position 1  , ..  , 1 to the point of a. DB-L is weakly sufficiently complete. However  , the transfer function for figure 9.b is The transfer function for figure 9.a is identical to equation 2  , with the same bandwidth. The BSBM benchmark 5  focuses on the e-commerce domain and provides a data generation tool and a set of twelve SPARQL queries together with their corresponding SQL queries generated by hand.  Model selection criteria usually assumes that the global optimal solution of the log-likelihood function can be obtained. The values of the sensitivity transfer functions along the normal and tangential directions  , within their bandwidths  , are 0.7 m / l b f and 0.197 in/lbf respectively. , 8. Cossette and colleagues 9 used a pattern matching approach to link artifacts among languages. Then mobile robots can plan motion using the multi-functional and efficient traversability vector t-vector obstacle detection model 6. We explored development of a distributed multidimensional indexing model to enable efficient search and aggregation of entities and terms at multiple levels of document context and distributed across a cloud computing cluster. Theobald et al. Figure 11shows another mapping. Second  , they take a one-vs-all approach and learn a discriminative classifier a support vector machine or a regularized least-squares classifier for each term in the This is achieved by applying a pattern matching between re-evaluation rule patterns and the node currently being modified. This paper presents an approach to retrieval for Question Answering that directly supports indexing and retrieval on the kind of linguistic and semantic constraints that a QA system needs to determine relevance of a retrieved document to a particular natural language input question. The product identifier can be mapped in two different ways  , at product level or at product details level  , whereby the second takes precedence over the other. Therefore  , an ongoing monitoring of the sensor stream is needed. Finally  , a novel pattern matching module is proposed to detect intrusions based on both intra-pattern and inter-pattern anomalies. However  , a slight drop of performance can be observed for high θ values  , because it produces a large number of pattern clusters i.e. For every m ∈ M   , let Dm be the deterministic but perhaps incomplete  finite automaton DFA obtained from the minimized automaton for the regular expression dm after discarding all " dead " states  , i.e. It deals effectively with path planning  , and incorporates the method of simulated annealing to avoid local minima regardless of domain dimension or complexity . In this section we propose and evaluate an approach that makes query expansion practical in a distributed searching environment. Either Quicksort or List/Merge should be used. The index structures allowed unique values only  , thus  , each insert operation involved a search to ensure that the item was not already there. To overcome the problem of data sparsity  , earlier systems rely on imputation to fill in missing ratings and to make the rating matrix dense 28. In this section  , we first establish a baseline using our transliteration module and commercial monolingual location search systems  , since no other comparable crosslingual location search system exists. The three most common and most important methods are: Genetic programming applies a number of different possible conditions to the best solutions to create the next generation of solutions. served as ranking criterion. Here vertex 6 can be mapped to both the second vertex label and the fourth vertex label in the path pattern. This means that this k e d point is saddle-type and unstable. The whole transition matrix is then written as follows: Basing our method on the output  , we will generate a sorted list of N numbers for the output file  , scattering these numbers in the input file as we go along. These findings suggest that the criteria in the Hybrid method Equation 7 improves both temporal similarity and semantic relevance. However  , the configuration and tuning of the NLP-based passage trimming is complex  , and will require much further work to determine which UMLS semantic types are most informative about sentence relevance for each entity type. Figure 6 shows the results of these evaluations. As we hypothesized  , the rate parameter of the exponential in Eq. We order each items descending on their cos positive score. The default resolution of symbols is to routines in the library itself. We find temporal similar queries using ARIMA TS with various similarity measures on query logs from the MSN search engine. Each Chinese query was segmented into words using the segmenters as described above  , the Chinese stop words were then removed from each Chinese query. , the impact factor of information source itself. Randomized strategies do not  , guarantee that the best solution is obtained  , but avoid the high cost of optimization. It might be because of the sparsity of data  , no obvious dimensions are much more important than others  , and every word has some contribution in representing passages nominated for a topic. For both search engines  , added delays under 500ms were not easily noticeable by participants not better than random prediction while added delays above 1000ms could be noticed with very high likelihood. The summary graph of Experiment 1 Figure 6 shows that as stifmess of virtual walls increases  , performance of the size identification task improves. 2 A Viterbi distribution emitting the probability of the sequence of words in a sentence. In this way  , we insure that undefined instances will not affect the calculation of the likelihood function. In CLIR  , queries can be expanded prior to translation  , after translation or both before and after translation. For NCA  , we use the implementation in the Matlab Toolbox for Dimensionality Reduction 13 . The self-folding time was also relatively short. Note  , however  , that  , in contrast to group commit  , our method does not impose any delays on transaction commits other than the log I/O Itself. Future work will employ full multi-lingual and diverse temporal expression tagging  , such as that provided by HeidelTime 11  , to improve coverage and accuracy. The groups of hits were ranked based on the Panoptic rank of their top document; the Panoptic ranks were also used to sort hits within each group. In the " cooking recipe " case  , the performances cannot be improved even using page content  , since all the considered sites are effectively on the topic " cooking recipes "   , and then there is a semantic reason because such sites are connected . Generally  , we can assume that a likelihood func­ tion pXtIR;  , Zi  would reach maximum at the expec­ tation Exi IR;  , �; given an observation. We apply the data transformation techniques to visualize the difference between the relevant and non-relevant document length on each test collection used. As the problem of translation selection in CLIR is similar to this expansion task  , we can expect a similar effect with the decaying factor. In the future work  , we will apply our proposed model to the whole DBLP digital library to obtain a large-scale mentorship data set  , which will enable us to study the interesting application such as mentor recommendation. We also use as baselines two types of existing effective metrics based on PMI and LSA. The second data set contains 2 ,000 data items in 3- dimensional space with 2 clusters the middle one in Fig.3. Both NUS and NIfWP queries were divided into two subtypes  , structured and unstructured queries. Quantitative results in terms of segment magnification obtained in the second view  , fitting errors  , and surfaces types are summarized in Table I. The robot tries to find a good action by Evolution StrategylO in which the action is coded as a gene. The transfer function of the charge amplifier is identified by monitoring its output in step response. The exponential commutes with its defining twist and its derivative is therefore: A typical approach is to map a discrete word to a dense  , low-dimensional  , real-valued vector  , called an embedding 19. Specific keywords like: " robots + legs "   , " humanoid + robots " or " wheels + robots " were not used  , since they would have biased the sample of the search results. The results of our experiments demonstrate that the term-similarity based sense disambiguation does improve the retrieval performance of dictionary based CLIR performance. An extended context-free grammar d is a set of rules that map each m ∈ M to a regular expression over M . For the entropybased LSH method  , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset. As shown in Table 4  , the proposed methods outperformed TF*IDF in terms of multiple metrics. The performance results for the two in-memory sorting methods  , Quicksort quick and replacement selection with block writes repl6. In order to provide a ramp following behavior without any steady-state error  , a double integrator in the open-loop transfer function is necessary. Also  , in PLSA it is assumed that all attributes motifs belonging to a component might not appear in the same observation upstream region. A walk expression is a regular expression without union  , whose language contains only alternating sequences of node and edge types  , starting and ending with a node type. Unfortunately  , due to the exponential growth of the number of subspaces with respect to the dimension of the dataset  , the problem of outlying subspace detection is NPhard by nature. If the search is successful  , then the ancestor mark bit can be set because its random access address was saved. In short  , two nodes are considered as similar if there are many short paths connecting them. The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. Depending on the language attribute supplied along with the DESCRIPTION SHORT and DESCRIPTION LONG elements in BMEcat 2005  , multiple translations of product name and description can be lang={en  , de  , . Although the superiority of DTW over Euclidean distance is becoming increasing apparent 191835  , the need for similarity search which is invariant to uniform scaling is not well understood. These values are listed in Table II. First  , there seems to be almost no difference between the partial-match and the fuzzymatch runs in most cases  , which indicates that for INEX-like queries  , complex context resemblance measures do not significantly impact the quality of the results. To our best knowledge  , this is the first study of the extent to which an upper-bound limit of expert search performance is achievable when in presence of perfect document rankings. The middle loop decouples the dynamics of the system reduces its transfer function to a double integrator. , the second word of a double length instruction or other sources including words popped from a word stack  , located within the segment memories  , as we now show. CLIR methods involving machine translation systems  , bilingual dictionaries  , parallel and comparable collections are currently being  explored. pressive language. Table 2gives the Pearson's correlation for system scores and the Kendall's τ correlation for system rankings for the TREC 2004 Robust systems on each of the earlier sub-collections  , comparing in each case the results obtained by standardizing using the original experimental systems and standardizing using the TREC 2004 Robust systems. This problem is a very complex version of a traveling salesman problem TSP and is not easily solvable since even the ordinary TSP is hard to find the exact solution. In this simulation  , folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not considered. With active control  , the actuator is backdrivable. Our evaluation shows that TagAssist is able to provide relevant tag suggestions for new blog posts. We have suggested the virtual angle of rotation as an alternative noncollocated output for the control of a SFL. Term expansion does considerably reduce the space required for an n-gram database used for query evaluation. The joint space mapping and modified fingertip position mapping method are exercised in the manipulation of dexterous robot hand. For many applications  , building the bounding representation can be performed as a precomputation step. In our method k is a parameter of the MDS-projection and results were computed by placing all test documents into the English maps. However  , the key issue is doing this efficiently for practical cases. In addition  , speech recognition errors hurt the performance of voice search significantly. Specifically  , in this work we employ the SkipGram algo- rithm 25 which learns word embedding in an unsupervised way by optimizing the vector similarity of each word to context words in a small window around its occurrences in a large corpus. CLIR features are the key to learning what characteristics make a term favorable or adverse for translation. The queries we did find in the query logs are real  , provide a diversity of topics  , are highly relevant and fall within the common subset of query types supported by the majority of semantic search engines. Moreover  , we show that each regular XPATH expression can be rewritten to a sequence of equivalent SQL queries with the LFP operator. Unbiased query expansion improves " aspect recall " by bringing in more " rare " relevant documents  , that are not identified by the standard query-biased expansion methods that we consider. Each correct conflation is a possibility for retrieving documents with textual occurrences different from the query. Christian   , Liberal  , sometimes we had to use regular expression matching to extract the relevant information. A T-Regular Expression is a regular expression over a triple pattern or an extended regular expression of the form  are regular expressions; if x and y are regular expressions  , then x  y  , x ⏐ y are also regular expressions. It has been long established that semistatic word-based byte-oriented compressors such as those considered in this paper are useful not only to save space and time  , but also to speed up sequential search for words and phrases. Once the learned policy is good enough to control the robot  , the second phase of learning begins. In addition  , the construction of the index data structure should be quick and it should deal with various sequences of insertions and deletions conveniently. We quickly switched to Google for query expansion and found that  , on average  , the top four results produced the most pertinent pages. Let R be the orientation mapping from the surface-space to the world-space The object's surface-space can thus be mapped to world-space. The acquired parameter values can then be used to predict probability of future co-occurrences. Here we use these methods to find components from a discrete data matrix. However  , note that a sort-merge anti-join cannot be used if the correlated query block is part of a procedure or function where as NISR can be used in this case. Library and owners can appear as value Lib  , Own  , if both the library and the owners require written permission. In the text context  , an observed event corresponds to occurrence of a word w occurring in a document d. The model indirectly associates keywords to its corresponding documents through introducing an intermediate layer called hidden factor variable }  ,.. , We first show that the score distributions for a given query may be modeled using an exponential distribution for the set of non-relevant documents and a normal distribution for the set of relevant documents. The random forest classifier offers two means of determining feature importance: Out of Bag Permuted Variable Error PVE and the Gini Impurity measure 2 . Therefore  , it gives a good indication on the possible impact on query translation. Plan recognition is semantic pattern matching in the programming-language domain  , for example identifying common and stereotypical code fragments known as cliches. Note that the features in sequence labeling not only depend on the input sequence s  , but also depends on the output y. In each set of experiments presented here  , best scores in each metric are highlighted in bold whereas italic values are those better than TF*IDF baseline scores. It is obviously that this query expansion operation dramatically enriches the content of query. According to the authors  , it appears that document translation performs at least as well as query translation. In order to mitigate this effect  , we adopted an intermediate option in which each sequence is assigned to the model that is the most likely to generate it. The so-called hill-climbing search method locally optimize the summary hierarchy such that the tree is an estimated structure built from past observations and refined every time a new tuple is inserted. Query Load. We explore those questions by empirically simulating IMRank with five typical initial rankings as follows  , Empirical results on the HEPT dataset under the WIC model are reported in Figure 3  , to compare the performance of IMRank with different initial rankings  , as well as the performance of those rankings alone. The tyre-dependent parameters were experimentally adjusted fitting the measured responses of the army vehicle off-road tyre 13. Since NCSTRL+ can access other Dienst collections we can extend searches to all of NCSTRL  , CoRR  , and D-Lib Magazine as well. , matching slot by slot. Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. One motivation for modeling time-varying links is the identification of influential relationships in the data. In their follow-up work 4  , the authors proposed an incremental model by jointly learning the word embeddings along with its document embedding. We choose the dimensionality of our word embeddings to be 50 to be on the line with the deep learning model of 38. The orientation estimate is non-ambiguous in this case since we exploited inter-class confusion. The evolution of a &-graph to a deadlocked graph is closely monitored  , as it evolves as the simulation progresses. Our experimental results will show that the probabilistic model may achieve comparable performances to the best MT systems. Since our resources are less than ideal  , should we compensate by implementing pre-and post-expansion ? The client computes h root using a recursive function starting from the root node. Dropout technique is utilized in all the experiments in the hidden layer of the sparse autoencoder and the probability of omitting each neural unit is set as 0.5. In a series of experiments we highlighted the importance of semantic proximity between query expansion terms and the center of user attention. The CLIR experiments reported in this section were performed using the TREC 2002 CLIR track collection  , which contains 383 ,872 articles from the Agence France Press AFP Arabic newswire  , 50 topic descriptions written in English  , and associated relevance judgments 12. Second  , PLSA learns about synonyms and semantically related words  , i.e. In this way  , the adorned program mirrors the way the ARC-program was constructed from the corresponding GRE query  , except that bound variables are now propagated top-down rather than bottom-up. We created a half of the queries  , and collected the other half from empirical experiments and frequently asked questions in Java-related newsgroups. Resolvability provides a shared ontology  , that is a scheme allowing us to understand the relationships among various visual sensor configurations used for visual control. The objective of feature fusion is to combine multiple features at an early stage to construct a single model. We proposed VERT  , to solve these content problems   , by introducing relational tables to index values. , Agent-Based Simulation ABS  , Role-Playing Game RPG  , Cognitive Map  , Dynamic System Theory. The method successfully recovers the behavior of the simulator. Since all words share the embedding space  , semantic similarity between words may be computed both monolingually and across languages. Some general rules for the handling of digitized and born-digital material can be derived from Table 1and its discussion  , showing that there is a variety of arrangements depending on ownership of the material and its copyright. 4 also propose to find relevant formulae using pattern matching. Alternatively  , since the extraction rule is expressed as a regular expression with concatenation and alternative only  , it is easier to construct a finite-state machine for such an extraction rule. For example  , the genetic programming approach used in 7 has been shown to achieve high accuracies when supplied with more than 1000 positive examples. Due to the absence of the training corpus  , the tuning of all parameters was performed on the testing data using a brute-force hill-climbing approach. These rules were then used to predict the values of the Salary attribute in the test data. Once the score s is found  , it possible to align each frame of the performance with the corresponding event in the score. When there exist no modeling errors  , i.e. Finally  , the results are summarised and final conclusions are presented. From the likelihood function corresponding to a particular observed inspection result one can compute estimates for the number of defects contained in the document in a standard way. 19  , in which the overall ranking score is not only based on term similarity matching between the query and the documents but also topic similarity matching between the user's interests and the documents' topics. Figure 2ashows the evolution of the trajectory in the x   , y  , and z directions   , respectively  , and Figure 2bshows the negative of ei for the collision avoidance subtask. Figure 6: Similarity between locally popular documents at 2 sites all the search sites taken together. A classification technique is said to suffer from overjitting when it improves performance over the training documents but reduces performance when applied to new documents  , when compared to another method. In the dye transfer experiments  , the membraneimpermeable HPTS dye mixing with Dextran-Rhodamine red dye was injected into a cell. The reason is that for any number of modules n  , the number of connected configurations possible appears to be exponential in n. To find a optimal sequeiice of configurations leading from the initial configuration to the final configuration is akin to finding the shortest path in a graph consisting of such configurations as vertices . Our results also showed that replacement selection with block writes is the preferred inmemory sorting method. These users specifically commented that they had low expectations for results  , because the words were just too " common " or because the search just was not precise enough. Positive examples were obtained by setting up the laser scanner in an open area with significant pedestrian traffic; all clusters which lay in the open areas and met the threshold in Sec. their cosine similarity is almost zero. It is about 10 times as fast as our CLIR system in the above experiments. For a given temperature rise  , free strain recovery of SMA wire can be calculated using Brinson's one dimensional constitutive model The recursion in the SPARQL query evaluation defined here is indeed identical to 11  , 13. Specially  , the attribute relevance vector of a data field D is computed by averaging over its member text nodes  , as We were surprised to learn that both query expansion approaches resulted in lower MAP values. First of all  , we present the Pearson correlations between MCAS scores and all the independent variables in Table 1to give some idea of how these factors are related to MCAS score. Also note that since the load is connected to the end-effector  , both terminologies "load velocity" and "end-effector velocity" refer to v as derived by equation 2. where G is the actuator transfer function relating the input command to the actuator to the end-effector velocity; S is the actuator sensitivity transfer function relating the line tensile force fR to the end-effector velocity  , v   , A positive value for v represents a downward speed for the load. Generic tree pattern matching with similar pattern description syntax is widely used in generic tree transformation systems such as OPTRAN 16  , TXL 5  , puma 11  , Gentle 18  , or TRAFOLA 13  , as well as in retargetable code generation  , such as IBURG 10. for which the discontinuities only remain for the case of deep penetrations. For example   , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closedloop structured finger such as the finger with five-bar mechanism described in 8  , the backward mapping is unique. The final solution to the optimization problem is a setting of the parameters w and a pruning threshold that is a local maximum for the Meet metric. 5 Model 2 interprets the information seeking situation in the usual way as follows: The documents in the collection have a wide variety of different properties; semantic properties of aboutness  , linguistic properties concerning words that occur in their titles or text  , contextual properties concerning who are their authors  , where they were published   , what they cited  , etc. The likely cause for this disagreement is due to the inaccurate modeling of the human arm dynamics  , E  , and the human sensitivity transfer function  , sh. Most characters match themselves. This has certain advantages like a very fast training procedure that can be applied to massive amounts of data  , as well as a better understanding of the model compared to increasingly popular deep learning architectures e.g. We assume that the occurrence of significant patterns in nonchronological order is more likely to arise as a local phenomenon than a global one. Using user-driven query expansion  , we help users search images in a focused and efficient manner. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: Therefore  , each slot of a line can be identified by matching Pc and the line pattern. 321–332  , 2007. c Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2007While classical retrieval tools enable us to search for documents as an atomic unit without any context  , systems like POOL 14  are able to model and exploit the document structure and nested documents. Different limb-terrain interactions generate 222 gait bounce signals with different information content  , thus deliberate limb motions can effect higher information content. The experimentally determined transfer function is 6. : Finally  , we compute the cosine similarity sij ∈ ℜ between the embeddings of every word wi ∈ ℜ D   , wj ∈ ℜ D   , where D is the word embedding dimensionality  , and threshold the resulting similarities using a threshold θ ∈ ℜ. TermWatch maps domain terms onto a 2D space using a domain mapping methodology described in SanJuan & Ibekwe-SanJuan 2006. In this way  , the problem of similarity search is transformed to an interval search problem. Once the vectors containing the top results for the two compared texts are retrieved  , cosine similarity between the two vectors is computed to measure their similarity. These follow a strategy similar to simulated annealing but often display more rapid convergence. We would like the user to control what terms to be ultimately used to expand his/her query. We modified the scoring scripts to provide both strict and lenient scores. Selected English Phrases: therapy  , replacement Final English Query: causation  , cancer  , thorax  , estrogens   , therapy  , replacement Since we have follow up refinement steps in our CLIR approach  , we set M  , the number of concepts identified for each query  , to 15. Finally  , the block size for AIX is 2KB  , with Starburst assuming 4KB pages  , so each Starburst I/O actually requires two AIX I/OS.' , a stack. The output tree from the second phase is passed to the constant folding phase which replaces all identifiers and expressions that can be guaranteed to contain constant values with those values. Users tend to reformulate their queries when they are not happy with search results 4. To put this into perspective  , even for the simple snowflake example with 12 nodes  , the size of the lattice is 1024 and the size of the game tree is 1024 factorial the amount of time required to search the game tree  , an astronomically large number. The approaches developed–such as the " imputation methods " that attempt to modify the database directly by replacing null values with likely values–are not applicable for autonomous databases where the mediator often has restricted access to the data sources. There are s ti ll many interesting problems involving folding of tree­ like linkages. These functions parameterize the set of different trajectories based on covariances of initial beliefs. Several different categories of games exist 3. The results are beyond our expectations: the learned lexical mapping did not help for all the three ranking methods CS  , QL and KL. The identified dynamics of the valve  , the Auid  , and the force sensor are given by a 10th order transfer function with two delays. Thus  , when no torque is applied it will return to its zero position. As an example  , suppose if we have 100 pairs on the scene to grasp and if we misclassify top 5 pairs  , we might just end up with a classifier with 95% classification accuracy; whereas  , if we use NDCG as the measure with k = 10  , i.e. In future cost reductions could be a motivation t o build robots with fewer actuators than joints and replacing actuators with holding brakes. Theoretically  , the number of paths is exponential in the user-assigned search depth. Further  , suppose that this tool uses regular expression patterns to recognize dates based on their distinctive syntactical structure. , by regular expression  , finite state automaton  , intertask dependencies  , etc. slot is bound to the key chunks of questions. The first term corresponds to costdata|model  , which are the cost to transfer the labels of each continuous point  , and the rest corresponds to penaltymodel  , which describes the coding book of labels and necessary delimiters. Wavelet packets allow one to find the best minimum tree for reconstruction with respect to a certain measure. We chose this way of query expansion since it enables better to specify which documents are relevant. The model also includes computation of the aligning torque M z on each steered wheel. The projection facility is implemented like code folding in modern development environments  , in which bodies of methods or comments can be folded and unfolded on request. For each category  , a PLSA model is trained from 85% of the question sets questions and their corresponding answers  , and the left are used for testing. Note the achieved MAP values can be further improved. The shallow semantic parser we use is the ASSERT parser  , which is trained on the PropBank Kingsbury et al. Through repetitively replacing bad vertices with better points the simplex moves downhill. The typical approach is to build some form of tree-like indexing structures in advance to speedup the similarity range query in the application. In KBP2010  , we developed three pipelines including pattern matching  , supervised classification based Information Extraction IE and Question-Answering based 1. , the probability of the ads displayed for query q to be clicked can be written as: This method only obtained 9 additional answers in TREC 2005. The acceleration method ensures no error in the stiffness and damping terms  , but generates a fourth order transfer function which can be unstable. As a future work  , we plan to incorporate term proximity ordered and un-ordered bigram information into our model. In this approach  , the actual contact forces shall be available via force sensors and assigned to be the desired vector Z  , such that the objective function as shown in Eq. First we identify the N most similar users in the database. Based on the structure of cooking graphs  , we proceed to propose a novel graph-based similarity calculation method which is radically different from normal text-based or content-based approaches. At high frequency   , the transfer function is equal to the value-of k ,  , the spring constant of the physical spring. Query forms. We now see that the confusion side helps to eliminate one of the peaks in the orientation estimate and the spatial likelihood function has helped the estimate converge to an accurate value. Barnard 3 presented a stochastic optimization technique  , simulated annealing  , to fuse a pair of stereo images. As part of an earlier task on a system that supported the visualization of object connections in a distributed system  , the subject had implemented a locking mechanism to allow only one method of an object to execute at one time. F'urthermore   , additional structure from modern game theory can be incorporated. Philanthropies  , universities  , militaries and other important institutions do not take market value as a metric. On the other hand  , PosLM  , which models only structure  , performs the worst  , showing that a combination of content and structure bearing signals is necessary. As already mentioned  , a VAD system tries to determine when a verbalization starts and when it ends. To remain in the scope of the use cases discussed  , the examples are chosen from the BSH BMEcat products catalog  , within the German e-commerce marketplace. The metric we used for our evaluation is the F1-score. , document language. Therefore  , in the following components we treat URLs matching with each pattern as a separate source of information. The relational operations join  , restrict and project as well as statistical summaries of tables may be used to define a view. For the second approach  , we applied the softmax action selection rules. Experiments in this section is to evaluate the effectiveness of our method on various data sets  , and with various Figure 3  , 4  , 5 and 6 show the quality of query result measured by precision and recall. Although White  , like all of the reviewers  , did use concept search  , and similarity search  , he found that the predictive coding rankings using a more robust technology proved to be more effective overall. Pain is a very common problem experienced by patients  , especially at the end of life EOL when comfort is paramount to high quality healthcare. According to one model Collection-centric  , each collection is represented as a term distribution  , which is estimated from all sampled documents. In this framework we assume a probabilistic model for the parameters of document and query language models  , and cast the retrieval problem in terms of risk minimization. The ability to represent  , and reason with  , arbitrary cyclic dependencies is another important characteristic of relational models. The search for a counter-example uses a simple random selection and is currently limited to methods without parameters. For the image dataset  , the Table 2: Search performance comparison of different LSH methods: multi-probe LSH is most efficient in terms of space usage and time while achieving the same recall score as other LSH methods. There is small change from 100 to 500 trees  , suggesting that 100 trees might be sufficient to get a reasonable result. Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Then the position data are transmitted to each the satellite. Such a mixed observation has led us to further investigate if there is any interesting correlation. A 980-node surface model is then computed by fitting a deformable surface as shown in Figure 12b. A further functionality of this tool is the rating of evolution indicating events. It is evident from experimental results that our approach has much higher label prediction accuracy and is much more scalable in terms of training time than existing systems. semi-supervised of the label observations by fitting the latent factor model BRI on the above three sources of evidences. Finally  , all other numbers are identified with an in-house system based on regular expression grammars. 4 search2vec model was trained using search sessions data set S composing of search queries  , ads and links. We aim to identify the topics which best characterize this intent and use those topics to infer the latent community structure. iv The large volume of ESI needed to be handled has also been known to lead to suboptimal performance with traditional IR solutions that may need to search hundreds or thousands of individual search indexes when performing an investigative search. Further  , addition and scalar multiplication cannot yield results similar to those performed in the data space. It also allows introduction of expansion terms that are related to the query as a whole  , even if their relationship to any specific original query term is tenuous. For each user  , we compute the weighted average of the top N similar users to predict the missing values. Since each Ik has an upper bound i.e. We take the top 10 Wikipedia articles  , extract 30 expansion terms and give the expansion query a weight of 0.5. The findings can inform librarians  , information scientists  , and IR system designers of the needs  , requirements  , and approaches to enhance cross-language controlled vocabularies  , and improve search engines to provide users with more relevant results. Euclidean distance only considers the data similarity  , but manifold distance tries to capture the semantic relevance by the underlying structure of the data set. Finally  , we rank the suggestions based on their similarity with user's profiles. , the aforementioned Stack Reverse. In the literature  , several approaches have been proposed to discover the associations between the task described in the operational space and the corresponding actions to be carried out simultaneously in the cell level. These context-sensitive token translation probabilities can then be used in the same way as context-independent probabilities. A method for constructing the HSS  , a scale and viewing angle robust feature vector that encapsulates these interperson variations  , was presented. In order to evaluate the effect of adding word embeddings  , we introduce two extensions to the baselines that use the embedding features: Embedding  , Single that uses a single embedding for every document F c e features  , and Embedding  , POS that maintains different embeddings for common nouns  , proper nouns and verbs F p e features; see Section 3.1 for details. The model builds a simple statistical language model for each document in the collection. Users can also express complex queries  , where full-text  , fielded  , and similarity search is conveniently combined. See 12 for further details about subjects' browsing behavior. With respect to the number of goals and resolution  , the size of the search space is n·r. The definition of the pnonn operators is an excellent example of how a mathematical model  , in this case the vector space model  , can guide the researcher toward the development of fruitful ideas. During systematic concurrency testing  , ρ is stored in a search stack S. We call s ∈ S an abstract state  , because unlike a concrete program state  , s does not store the actual valuation of all program variables. However  , their pattern languages are limited by a small number of pattern variables for matching linguistic structures. investigation. The control of a flexible link based on its passive transfer function is just like the control of a rigid link even though the sensor and the actuator are located at different positions along the link. The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. Query type Q1 of the QUERY test represents a sequence of random proximity queries details below. Nonetheless  , the results suggest that a simple dictionary-based approach can be as effective as a sophisticated MT system for CLIR. We conducted experiments on three different datasets; two are real Web datasets from a commercial search engine and one is an artificial dataset 2 created to remove any variance caused by the quality of features and/or relevance labels. Communication fitness for controller of Figure  93503 for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. We view the CCR problem as a 3-class classification problem by combining garbage and neutral as a single non-useful class. They considered that there were other ways of representing the same texts using different markup languages and that limitations in the Consortium's view needed to be evaluated: Fit for purpose as it emerges here is not about fitting a model or matching a markup language to the requirements of specific projects  , it is a general quality of fitness to the strategic objectives for documentation over time. But most of those ranking functions are manually designed by experts based on heuristics  , experience  , observations  , and statistical theories. From the previous work on active learning 7 18  , measurement of uncertainty has played an important role in selecting the most valuable examples from a pool of unlabeled data. This indicates that as long as we obtain at least one correct entity to represent a document  , our sophisticated hierarchical and transversal semantic similarity measure can compete with the state-of-the-art even for very short text. Since the Razumikhin func­ tion can be constructed easily and the additional re­ striction for the system is not required in the pro­ posed recursive design  , an asymptotically stabilizing controller can be explicitly constructed. Consider the enormous state space  , and a likelihood function with rather narrow peaks. That is  , compared to random search  , genetic programming does not bring benefits in term of fewer NCP in this case to balance the cost caused by fitness evaluations. They found that annealing produced good results but was computatlona.lly expensive. When m or n is large  , storing user or item vectors of the size Omr or Onr and similarity search of the complexity On will be a critical efficiency bottleneck   , which has not been well addressed in recent progress on recommender efficiency 23. This approach is also known as the greedy layerwise unsupervised pre-training. For any manlpulator  , wlth any type of posrtlonlng controller  , one can always arrlve at lnequallty * Is imposed on the robot end-point. By using our proposed system  , an mobile robot autonomously acquires the fine behaviors how to move to the goal avoiding moving multiobstacles using the steering and velocity control inputs  , simultaneously. For the rest of the discussion  , we will assume that the ISSUBSUMED boolean operator can be implemented by re-writing to the SQL/XML XMLExists function. The work presented by 12  , 16  proves that the features of a sentence/document can be learnt through its word embedding. For each component z we pick the motifs w whose probability P w|z is significantly larger than zero. the necessary hard constraints have been applied to yield a feasible solution space defined on the PCM  , any path on the PCM  , from the point corresponding to the initial position of the robot to a point on the T G S   , will give rise to a valid solution for the interception problem. Similar to the balanced Random Forest 7  , EasyEnsemble generates T balanced sub-problems. The hyper-plane is in a higher dimensional space called kernel space and is mapped from the feature space. In the following  , we review each of these ideas separately. In practice  , sufficient transparency would be such that the magnitude of the transparency transfer function Gt = CIC2 and the phase is zero within a bandwidth larger than the sensory and motor bandwidth of the operator. The basic assumption of our proposed Joint Relevance Freshness Learning JRFL model is that a user's overall impression assessment by combining relevance and freshness for the clicked URLs should be higher than the non-clicked ones  , and such a combination is specific to the issued query. The second approach is to launch G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in some document  , e.g. When the hand system grasps the peg for the compliance center 0 1 of Figure 4   , this is identical to combine the two cases of Figures 2If the compliance center is moved to the point 0 2   , the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y1 in 6 changes into negative  , and the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y2 in 11 changes into negative . However  , in ARC-programs what is more important is the means by which bindings are propagated in rules. Best retrieval performance is obtained for simple 1-concept queries. During learning  , the simple classifier is trained over dataset T producing a hypothesis h mapping points from input space X to the new output space Y . , they group vector states by rank  , distance to the previous click. Hill climbing has the potential to get stuck in a local minimum or freeze  , so stopping heuristics are required. This is illustrated in Figure 3. Therefore  , it is not possible to use one fixed similarity measure for one specific task. remains unsolved. The effectiveness of this design strategy will be demonstrated on the task of ad hoc retrieval on six English and Chinese TREC test sets. Then  , we use the TSTM to expand queries. When all of the utility values are stored in distinct memories as a table  , the number of spaces to be filled in will soon swell up as the dimension of stateaction space increases . 2 is the regularization term and λ is the weight decay parameter. Then clearly q is a stable transfer function. * ?/ in Perl regular expression syntax for the abbreviation î that is used to search a database of known inflected forms of Latin literature. In evaluations  , we only vary the definition pattern matching module while holding constant all other components and their parameters. Our group has begun the use of these similarity measures for visualizing relationships among resources in search query results 13. In Snowball  , the generated patterns are mainly based on keyword matching. An approximate line load was applied normally at 0.6 mm steps along 2 while recording one tactel dots in Fig. Moreover  , similar to the situation observed with answer selection experiments  , we expect that using more training data would improve the generalization of our model. 11 asked users to re-rate a set of movies they had rated six weeks earlier  , and found that the Pearson ¥ correlation between the ratings was 0.83. For example  , given the fundamentally different from these efforts is the importance given to word distributions: while the previous approaches aim to create joint models for words and visual features some even aim to provide a translation between the two modalities 7  , database centric probabilistic retrieval aims for the much simpler goal of estimating the visual feature distributions associated with each word. The contents of the bit-stack can be manipulated as optional operations of search or pointer transfer instructions. In the graphs below we assume a disk transfer rate of 1.5 MB/set  , as in SAG96  , AAD+96. However  , having the facets visible at all times did not introduce usability issues either. It is certainly true that nonparticipants might have more difficulties in interpreting their results based on the small size of the CLIR pool  , as Twenty-One points out. Instead of picking the top document from that ranking  , like in TDI  , the document is drawn from a softmax distribution. Interested readers can reference that paper or  The details of our system and methodology for Genetic Programming GP are discussed in our Robust track paper. Section 2 introduces the statistical approach to CLIR. Here  , we adopt the PARAFAC model 4 to carry out further tensor decomposition on the approximate core tensorˆStensorˆ tensorˆS to obtain a set of projection matricesˆPmatricesˆ matricesˆP The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. For example  , in the above online banking system  , assume that after aspectization  , a new function transfer is added and also has locking  , i.e. The last two prefix-global features are similar to likelihood features 7 and 8  , but here they can modify the ranking function explicitly rather than merely via the likelihood term. One common approach  , known as "query translation ," is to translate each query term and then perform monolingnal retrieval in the language of the document 11. In most applications  , however  , substring pattern matching was applied  , in which an " occurrence " is when the pattern symbols occur contiguously in the text. In 8  , it is shown that the Fast Fourier Transform can be used to efficiently obtain a C-space representation from the static obs1 ,acles and robot geornetry. Variable importance is a measurement of how much influence an attribute has on the prediction accuracy. , sn of states such that for all 1 ≤ i ≤ n  , there exists a transition si−1 e i → si. In contrast to the planar push function  , the three-dimensional push function is not a monotonic transfer function. Clicking on a picture launches the visual similarity search. The evolution of the likelihood function Lθm with respect to the signal source location x s after n samples. As a second illustration of the use of web projections  , we explore the learning of models to predict users' reformulation behavior and characteristics. In this paper  , we propose CyCLaDEs an approach that allows to build a behavioral decentralized cache hosted by LDF clients. In the last decade  , however  , with the growth in the number of Web users  , the need of facing the problem of the language barriers for exchanging information has notably increased and the need for CLIR systems in everyday life has become more and more clear the recent book by J.-Y. Our experiments on numeric data show that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test achieves the highest label prediction accuracy of the various statistical hypothesis tests. We will provide some comparisons of them in image annotation problem in Section 4.2. The model can be formulated as In this paper  , we focus on similarity search with edit distance thresholds. The open question to date is if there even exists a way to publish search logs in a perturbed fashion in a manner that is simultaneously useful and private. Quicksort therefore has a much shorter split phase than rep1 1  , which more than offsets the longer merge phase that results from the larger number of runs that Quicksort generates . Imagine that we might have chosen W with size of K = 1  , and the query Q is within r of all k candidates. Compared to pLSA  , Lap- PLSA shows more robust performance: diversification with pLSA can underperform the baseline given an improperly set K  , while diversification with LapPLSA regularized by the subtopics from an external resource in general outperforms the baseline irrespective of the choice of K. The only exception is the case where K = 2  , which is presumably not a sensible choice for K. Second  , judging from Figure 3   , the effectiveness of each resource differs on different topic sets. We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 2 to set up the experiment environment. For example  , the approach presented in 8 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. Techniques were used for query expansion  , tokenization  , and eliminating results due solely to matching an acronym on the query side with an acronymic MeSH term. These two different interpretations of probability of relevance lead to two different probabilistic models for document retrieval. aspects. Molecular dynamics simulations help us understand how proteins fold in nature  , and provide a means to study the underlying folding mechanism  , to investi­ gate folding pathways  , and can provide intermediate folding states. Non-promising URLs are put to the back of the queue where they rarely get a chance to be visited. We use the following model for mixed surfing and searching: In this section  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding. For example  , the output of the function md5 is approximated with the regular expression  , 0-9a-f{32}  , representing 32- character hexadecimal numbers. Basically  , SPARQL rests on the notion of graph pattern matching. Methods like this rely on large labeled training set to cover as much words as possible  , so that we can take advantage of word embedding to get high quality word vectors. The types of games examined as part of game theory  , however  , tend to differ from our common notion of interactive games. Each rule is structured as: Pattern  , Constraint  , Priority  , where Pattern is a regular expression containing a causality connector  , Constraint is a syntactic constraint on the sentence on which the pattern can be applied  , and Priority is the priority of the rule if several rules can be matched. The intuition behind expanding according to the inverse uf is that among pages with similar IR scores  , pages with low uf are more likely to contain a short focused text fragment relevant to the query keywords. After having determined how terms are selected and weighted  , we can take into account the domain knowledge contained in the similarity thesaurus to find the most likely intended interpretation for the user's query. , on tens of thousands of questiondocument pairs. , 4  , 5  , 8 ; however   , the accuracy is still less than desirable. Current methods of solving this problem have difficulty in tuning parameters and handling terms that are not registered in a dictionary  , when applied to large-scale and/or distributed digital libraries. In this paper  , we present a scalable approach for related-document search using entity-based document similarity.   , n |Q|−|X obs | } indicating on which dimensions the data elements are lost; 2. imputing the assigned dimensions according to the imputation strategy ϕ. . In order to automatically create a 3D model of an unknown object  , first the workspace of the robot needs to be explored in search for the object. Figure 4shows that for Topic 100  , query expansion is effective in the sense that it reduces the variation in system response due to query-to-query variation. Often  , edit distance is used to measure the similarity. The main contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this paper is one of the first attempts to design a domain-specific ontology for personal photos and solve the tagging problem by transfer deep learning. Another problem is DRs that are irrelevant for the search  , but still get a high similarity value. The overall approach can be decomposed into three stages: In the unsupervised learning stage  , we use pLSA to derive domain-specific cepts and to create semantic document representations over these concepts. Since the pioneering work of Agrawal 1 and Faloutsos 2  , there emerged many fruit of research in similarity search of time series. , ˆ se = Esij|xij = e. The proportion of customers missing data for the number of port is large 44% and the customer population where data are missing may be different  , making conventional statistical treatment of missing data e.g. The query expansion mechanism refines the DFR term weighting models by a uniform combination of evidence from the three fields. is non-proper. Atkeson and Schaal 11 describe work in which a reward function and a model for a task are learned by observing a human demonstratc thc task. This ensures that our dataset enables measuring recall and all of the query-document matches  , even non-trivial  , are present. The termination of the above definition of quicksort can be verified using termination proof methods based on simplification orderings. In TREC 2012 microblog track  , we explore the query expansion and document expansion approaches to tweet retrieval. On the patent retrieval task  , following the experimental setup of 10  , model performance was evaluated using MAP computed over 372 queries and a test collection of 70k patents. Both systems first expand the query terms of each interest profile. Techniques like simulated annealing  , the AB technique Swly93  , and iterative improvement will be essential. In Genetic Programming  , a large number of individuals  , called a population  , are maintained at each generation. Virtual targets are predicted using input-output maps implemented efficiently by means of a k-d tree short for k-dimensional tree a  , 91. Support Vector Machine based text categorization 8  is adopted to automatically classify a textual document into a set of predefined hierarchy that consists of more than 1k categories. This method is similar to BestSim method  , but instead of looking for a single permutation with best self-similarity we try to find the first m best permutations. Given the fact that b/k blocks are needed in the fist phase  , and k blocks are needed in the second phase of the join  , the challenge is to find the value for k  , where the memory consumption maxb/k ,k is minimal : Automatic music summarization approaches can be classified into machine learning based approaches 1 ,2 ,3 and pattern matching based approaches 4 ,5 ,6. Yokoi et al. This has the effect of reducing both false positives  , i. e. useless documents that fail to fulfill the user's needs  , and false negatives  , i. e. useful documents that the system fails to deliver  , from the retrieved set. We implemented the accumulators for Quit and Continue as dynamic structures hash tables and when the stop criterion is as high as 10000 users  , this structure has less of an advantage over arrays. The torque-based function measured failure likelihood and force-domain effects; the acceleration-based function measured immediate failure dynamics; and the swing-angle-based function measured susceptibility to secondary damage after a failure. They made use of only individual terms for query expansion whereas we utilize keyphrases for query expansion. The sharp pixel proportion is the fraction of all pixels that are sharp. Coding theoretic arguments suggest that this structure should pcnnit us to reduce the dimensionality of our index space so as to better correspond to the ShanDon Entropy of the power set of documeDts {though this may require us to coalesce sets of documents wry unlikely to be optimal. An event pattern is an ordered set of strings representing a very simple form of regular expression. In order for the controller to be proper the order of the denominator of the transfer function is larger than that of the numerator  , the order of GD must be larger than 2. Emerging new OCR approaches based on deep learning would certainly profit from the large set of training data. The inconsistent performance of PMIA and IRIE under the two diffusion models illustrates that both PMIA and IRIE are unstable. , 2 messages per search in practice  , for all the RF'* dgorithms. Thus  , in practice we look for a subset that maximizes the Pearson correlation betweenˆMΦ betweenˆ betweenˆMΦ and M . Standalone localization means that each robot estimates its position using its exteroceptive sensors data collected from the fixed beacons located in the evolution area. The unexpectedness of the most relevant results was also higher with the Linked Data-based measures. 7is obtained  , where Tis a certain transfer function. , the number of parameters that need to be estimated grows proportionally with the size of the training set. This exposure can be reduced by write protecting buffer pages. Obviously there is nothing inherent in each of the factors which determines how heavily each should be weighted  , but this may be established on an experimental basis. The Natural Language Systems group at IBM participated in three tracks at TREC-8: ad hoc  , SDR and cross-language. 12  propose a model based on Probabilistic Latent Semantic Indexing PLSA 11. The spatial gradient of this similarity measure is used to guide a fast search for the hest candidate. In Section 5 we will discuss a possible spectrum of validators . Unlike the uni-modal data ranking  , cross-modal ranking attempts to learn a similarity function f q  , d between a text query q and an image d according to a pre-defined ranking loss. Likewise to the previous studies 4  , 2  , 35  , we use the predictive perplexity 15 to evaluate the topic modeling accuracy. The rest of this paper is organized as follows. In addition to having to find a number in the vicinity of " 1 million square miles "   , we also need to account for the fact that the passage may talk about square kilometers  , or acres. To assess the effectiveness and generality of our deep learning model for text matching  , we apply it on tweet reranking task. the diagonal compensator GFz in the form For many of the past TREC experiments  , our system has been demonstrated to provide superior effectiveness  , and last year it was observed that PIRCS is one of few automatic systems that provides many unique relevant documents in the judgment pool VoHa98. Program building blocks are features that use AspectJ as the underlying weaving technology . As discussed in Section 1  , the other important measure of hand controller performance is its achievable stiffness  , which is provided by a position control loop with transfer function T  , between sensed position Xs and actuator force Fa. Because the synibol space is continuous space and the dynainics in this space is continuous system  , the continuous change of the vector field in the inotioIi space and the continuous motion transition is realized. We offer this description to demonstrate that evidence gleaned from pseudo-queries could have non-temporal applications  , calling the induced model R a document's " semantic profile. " One component of a probabilistic retrieval model is the indexing model  , i.e. As queries we assume single term queries  , which form the basis for more complex and combined queries in a typical Information Retrieval setting. Currently  , the search engine-crawler symbiosis is implemented using a search engine called Rosetta 5 ,4 and a Naive Best-First crawler 14 ,15. To measure the goodness of fit of the selected model  , we computed the square of the Pearson correlation r 2   , which measures how much of the variability of actual AM could be explained by variation in predicted AM . Experiments conducted on two real datasets show that SoCo evidently outperforms the state-of-the-art context-aware and social recommendation models. Chain search is done by computing similarity between the selected result and all other content based on the common indices. In the experiment  , we used three datasets  , including both the publicly benchmark dataset and that obtained from a commercial search engine. In other words  , we aggregate the past behavior in the two modalities considered search queries and browsing behavior over a given time period  , and evaluate the predictiveness of the resulting aggregated user profile with respect to behavior occurring in a  sequent period. The procedural model is fast  , robust  , and easy to maintain. 14 is a non-trivial task because it needs to search over all possible ranking combinations . The x axis shows the size of the user profile and the y axis the average number of milliseconds to compute a neighbourhood for that profile size. It is important to note  , however  , that residuals only can reveal problematic models; a random pattern only indicates lack of evidence the model is mis-specified  , not proof that it is correctly specified. Thus it cannot be said that this model would work for any soft tissue  , but rather  , soft tissues that exhibit similar characteristics to agar gel. Fast Fourier Transform FFT has been applied to get the Fourier transform for each short period of time. Many snippets neither indicate similarity nor difference  , but merely mention a pair of products  , for example asking how they compare. In other cases  , the LIWC categories were different enough from the dataset that model chose not to use topics with ill-fitting priors  , e.g. However  , this extended method makes the problem of finding the optimal combination of DMP values even trickier and ultimately unmanageable for most human administrators. Each lesson lasts a few seconds  , so a complete learning session should last few minutes  , allowing the robot to quickly set-up each time the operative conditions change. Previous methods fall into two major categories based on different criteria to measure similarity. more than 3 query terms are selected for expansion. Using this value for C in the derived transfer function Run dijkstra search from the initial node as shown in Fig.5.2. RQ2: Do word embeddings trained on different corpora change the ranking performance ? We also use the gradient clipping technique 28  to alleviate the exploding gradient prob- lem 2 we set the value of the threshold = 1. We model the relevant model and non-relevant model in the probabilistic retrieval model as two multinomial distributions. To achieve high search accuracy  , the LSH method needs to use multiple hash tables to produce a good candidate set. Based on the pre-trained model  , we'd like to test if we can improve the CLIR performance with 4 different translation strategies. an MS-Word document. We can rank the search results based on these similarity scores. The two main differences are that we do not make distributional assumptions and we do not not distinguish a subset of specialty words or assume a preexisting classification of documents into elite and non-elite sets. What differentiates S-PLSA from conventional PLSA is its use of a set of appraisal words 4 as the basis for feature representation. This experiment used a Head-Related Transfer Function HRTF method. But that comes with the condition of a context-dependent quality and relevance of established associations i.e. , is a logical model of its abstract model  , m. Function c is specified once for any given abstract modeling language  , as a semantic mapping predicate in our relational logic. Examples may range from mining tasks  , space exploration  , UAVs or Unmanned Undersea Vehicles UUV. We discuss three issues in this section. Finally  , we measured the performance of the proposed system that integrates the query expansion component  , document expansion component and temporal re-ranking component . Creating this distance metric is the focus of this paper. To compare the performance of different query expansion patterns  , we used the top 1  , 000 tweets returned by API. Sponsored search click data is noisy  , possibly more than search clicks. In the context of traditional materialized views  , maximum benefit is obtained when the view stores a " small " result obtained by an " expensive " computation  , as it is the case with aggregates . Specifically  , we use the Pearson correlation coefficient: To evaluate the authority scores computed by our methods  , we rank the authors in decreasing order by their scores  , and compare our ranking with the ranking of users ordered by their Votes and Stars values. To identify friends with similar tastes  , a context-aware version of Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. Their experiments reported a Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.8914 on the Miller and Charles 24 benchmark dataset. Instead of solving the exact similarity search for high dimensional indexing  , recent years have witnessed active studies of approximate high-dimensional indexing techniques 20  , 14  , 25  , 3  , 8  , 11. We have shown that the observations can be decomposed into meaningful components using the frequent sets and latent variable methods. In this section  , we assess the effect of increasing the number of expansion concepts. For our proposed approach  , for both Apps and News data sets  , we first run three sets of experiments to train single-view DNN models  , each of which corresponds to a dimension reduction method in Section 6 SV-TopK ,SV-Kmeans and SV-LSH. Thus  , by saving the 3D edge identifiers in dlata points of a CP pattern  , correspondence between the model edges and the image edges can be obtained after matching. The idea is to model  , both the structure of the database and the query a pattern on structure  , as trees  , to find an embedding of the pattern into the database which respects the hierarchical relationships between nodes of the pattern. Random forests provide information on how well features helps to separate classes and give insight on which ones help to characterize centrally relevant documents about an entity in a stream. RQ2 Does the LSTM configuration have better learning abilities than the RNN configuration ? The primitives are learned using a modified version of the evolution strategy  , which allows us to deal with the noise normally present in tasks involving complex interactions between a robot and its environment. Two synthetic datasets generated using RDF benchmark generators BSBM 2 and SP2B 3 were used for scalability evaluation. Thus our idea is to optimize the likelihood part and the regularizer part of the objective function separately in hope of finding an improvement of the current Ψ. Two methods are used to identify the characteristic frequencies of the flexible modes. The best-first planning BFP inethod 9 is adopted to search points with the minimum potential. In the 3D graphics system  , a layered oriented tight-fitting bounding box tree has been established to approximate to each geometrical model of fingers and objects for grasping. Since rotating the gripper is equivalent to rotating the part  , the transfer function is defined in terms of the part's orientation with respect to the gripper . The relevance judgments are supplied in a format amenable to TREC evaluation . The main difference is however  , that XSLT templates are activated as a result of dynamic pattern matching while XQuery functions are invoked explicitly. The function of this stack is to support method assertions in recursive calls. Overall  , the two newly proposed models  , as well as the query expansion mechanism on fields are shown to be effective. The first result involves characterizing transfer functions of polygonal parts and states that for every step function f   , each step having a fixed point4 strictly in its interior  , there corresponds a polygonal part PJ having f as its transfer function and vice versa. Each modifier could be represented by a set of head terms that it modifies: Similar to Unstructured PLSA  , we define k unigram language models of head terms: Θ = {θ 1   , θ 2   , ..  , θ k } as k theme models. This way  , symbolic sequences can be automatically compared to detect similarities  , class patients  , etc. In the case of typical implementations of Quicksort  , all of the tuples in memory have to be sorted and written out as a new run before a page can be released'. At first  , the pattern matching model is memorized on the basis of eye image which was captured previously. Central to most item-oriented approaches is a similarity measure between items  , where s ij denotes the similarity of i and j. Construct validity threats concern the appropriateness of the evaluation measurement. σ· = 1 1+e −· is a known as a sigmoid/logistic function. Therefore  , the total judgment complexity of top-k labeling strategy is about On log k. Thus  , the choice of the optimal feature sets may require a preliminary feature construction phase. For our system  , we applied various techniques to retrieve more relevant tweets. We used an opinionated lexicon consisting of 389 words  , which is a subset complied from the MPQA subjective lexicon 11. Moreover  , IMRank always works well with simple heuristic rankings  , such as degree  , strength. By mapping multi-dimensional data to one-dimensional values  , a one-dimensional indexing method can be applied. To eliminate unnecessary data traversal  , when generating data blocks  , we sort token-topic pairs w di   , z di  according to w di 's position in the shuffled vocabulary  , ensuring that all tokens belonging to the same model slice are actually contiguous in the data block see Figure 1 . Besides ligand binding 16  , it has been applied also to study protein folding problems 17  , 18J as well. Shown below is an interface to add the peek operation: public interface PeekCapability extends Stack { Object peek; } The first difference in implementation with enhancements arises in implementing a feature  , such as peek. While classifiers differ  , we believe our results enable qualitative conclusions about the machine predictability of tags for state of the art text classifiers. While our use case has been motivated by statistical data  , a lot of Linked Data sources share this data model structure  , since many of them are derived from relational databases. We plan to use 50 new topics in the same languages and to ask participating teams to also rerun the 25 topics from this year with their improved systems as a way of further enriching the existing pools of documents that have been judged for relevance. Qiu and Frei 17  measure recallprecision and usefulness of query expansions based on a similarity thesaurus constructed from the corpus. We may present the data as a set of latent variables  , and these latent variables can be described either as lists of representative attributes here  , motifs or as lists of representative observations here  , upstream regions. When a non-square matrix A is learned for dimensionality reduction   , the resulting problem is non-convex  , stochastic gradient descent and conjugate gradient descent are often used to solve the problem. To detect coalition attacks  , the commissioner has to search for publishers' sites with highly similar traffic. In all experiments we used cosine distance to measure the closeness of two vectors either document or word vectors in the common low-dimensional embedding space. Adjusting the quality mapping f i : Q H G to the characteristics of the gripper and the target objects  , and learning where to grasp the target objects by storing successful grasping configurations  , are done on-line  , while the system performs grasping trials. Less improvement is obtained here than was observed for the ligand binding because C-PRM mainly optimizes the roadmap connection phase  , and this application spends more of its time in the node generation phase than the other applications studied do. Having a mapping of sensor performance across the configuration space has been argued to be beneficial and important. 5. They noted that optimization of the conditional likelihood function is computationally infeasible due to the complexity of structure search. Since the target predicate has a pre-defined domain of values  , each representing a range  , our search space is restricted to disjunctions of those ranges. Moreover  , since we apply query expansion in all our submitted runs  , we also measure the above two correlation measures without query expansion  , in order to check how query expansion affects the effectiveness of our predictors. In the early days of the Web the lack of navigation plainness was considered as the navigation problem: users can get lost in a hyperspace and this means that  , when users follow a sequence of links  , they tend to become disoriented in terms of the goal of their original query and in terms of the relevance to their query of the information they are currently browsing 3. Computer programs that evolve in ways that resemble natural selection can solve complex problems even their creators do not fully understand " 16. Our deep learning model has a ranking based objective which aims at ranking positive examples items that users like higher than negative examples. It is because 528 that  , for distributed agents  , the transitions between new rule ta ble and pa�t rule table were not simultane ous. The Pearson correlations of the predicted voice quality and human-annotated voice quality are illustrated in Table  3. Therefore  , concolic testing is unlikely to reveal the ERROR in testme in a reasonable amount of time. Hence  , to measure how similar two queries are  , we can use a notion of similarity between the corresponding categories provided by the search results of Google Directory. It can be seen that above 0.15 mHz GPS information is transferred from position to the shaping state. The speed limitations are expected to be particularly important when planning minimum time paths on undulating terrain. Note how the term o~feoporosis has relatively more weight in the structured queries. p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. As an alternative  , we also explored three ways of incorporating translation probabilities directly into the formulae: 1. Furthermore  , we will aim at devising automatic configuration approaches for EAGLE. This crossed-links will turn the whole diagram into a graph  , but with interesting visualization and folding properties. For example  , SEIR still can achieve a Pearson correlation around 0.6 while the lead time is 20 weeks. But in our CLIR system  , in some degree  , word disambiguation has not taken some obvious affect to retrieval efficiency. The relocalization subsystem then used hill-climbing to find the best match between these two grids and output the estimated error. Many applications of CLIR rely on large bilingual translation resources for required language pairs. However  , the number of iterations until convergence can be large. Guided by genetic programming  , GenProg has the ability to repair programs without any specification  , and GenProg is commonly considered to open a new research area of general automated program repair 26  , 20  , although there also exists earlier e.g. See 8  , 25 for data on accuracy and execution time of simulated annealing and tabu search. Second  , the editing is often conditional on the surrounding context. Since we predict cascade statistics  , our work also relates to research on fitting empirical data to parsimonious statistical models 1  , 5 . However  , almost all of them ignore one important factor for resource selection  , i.e. We evaluated the results of our individual similarity measures and found some special characteristics of the measures when applied to our specific data. We also compute the expected costs and payoffs if the developer examines the generated plausible SPR and Prophet patches in a random order. It is possible t o parametrize all the compensators that stabilize the plant P using the following theorem. Earlier authors have considered instead using hill-climbing approaches to adjust the parameters of a graph-walk 14. This means that all data has to be imported and converted once  , making it less suitable for Web views. In this manner  , we sampled 505 document pairs that are mutual translations of each other and therefore semantically similar by construction. Since the experiment in the previous section shows that more levels in general lead to better expected grasp quality  , we have to investigate how the average and worst case complexity relate to the number of levels. We can have the following joint model for citations based on documents in different types: We developed our model based on PLSA 4. A fast computation of the likelihood  , based on the edge distance function  , was used for the similarity measurement between the CAD data and the obtained microscopic image. However  , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets and is different from the traditional method of using materialized views to answer queries. This also happens to be the KB that we did more experiments on since it provided more complexity and more representative prob- lems. We lean towards the latter explanation  , and with this work we hope to provide a framework within which to test it. Multiple " indicates various resolutions used in the global methods. The fact that D i -and D-wide statistical information is employed allows us to assign individual indexing vocabularies j and to the diierent Dj and to D  , respec- tively. The one-dimensional Fast Fourier Transform is then applied to this array. We also wondered whether users from one culture were more likely to choose popular tags. This means that we only need to check clusters whose keys have a Hamming distance in the range HQ  , P −k  , HQ  , P +k namely  , clusters Cj with To this end  , we calculate Pearson correlation coefficient between the result rank position and number of times the result was examined  , clicked  , and ratio of these counts. This restriction is not essential  , since those pattern-matching expressions could perfectly well generate a nested structure. The proposed model is fitted by optimizing the likelihood function in an iterative manner. This allows for real-time reward learning in many situations  , as is shown in Section IV . The results show that the multi-probe LSH method is significantly more space efficient than the basic LSH method. In the results  , unless otherwise specified  , the default values are W = 0.7  , M = 16 for the image dataset and W = 24.0  , M = 11 for the audio dataset. In other words  , the goal of our first experiment is to derive   , from a corpus of XSD definitions  , the regular expression content models in the schema for XML Schema Definitions 3 . The random testing phase takes a couple of minutes to reach state=9. This likelihood depends on the class associated to the feature and in general is different among the features. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in Figure 4. , if the input string matches the vulnerability signature. , ligand docking 7  , 221  , protein folding 3 ,23  , 241. Finally  , it describes how SBMPC was specialized to the steep hill climbing problem. The most common correlations of spiritual beliefs and robot design and use preferences were related to participants' agreement with Confucian values. This is essentially a single-pair search for n constrained paths through a graph with n nodes. 6 Offline caching of visual similarity ranking is performed to support real-time search. Outlier removal using distributional methods proceeds by fitting a model to the observed distribution and then selecting a tail probability say 0.1% to use as a definition of an outlier. A single directional LSTM typically propagates information from the first word to the last; hence the hidden state at a certain step is dependent on its previous words only and blind of future words . We hasten to point out that our methods are not committed to a specific query expansion approach. It would be easy to retrieve that path by using an appropriate regular expression over the name property in each label e.g. Only over pLSA in MovieLens we observe mixed results  , with xQuAD producing better values on α-nDCG and nDCG-IA respectively  , while RxQuAD is best on ERR-IA  , and pure diversity –as measured by S-precision@r and S-recall. The merge phase consists of one or more merge steps  , each of which combines a number of runs into a single  , longer run. For machine translation  , word disambiguation should be a very important problem. For example  , one instrumentation rule states " Measure the response time of all calls to JDBC " . We therefore conclude that In terms of RQ4  , we find that LapPLSA regularized with explicit subtopics tends to outperform the non-regularized pLSA for cases where we do not optimize the setting of K  , and simply choose it at random from a reasonable range. Therefore  , the only parameter to%e estimated and used as input t ,o the fuzzy controller was the fundamental frequency of the beam. Experimental results show that high-quality representation of review content and complete aspect ratings play important roles in improving prediction accuracy. Or it may be possible that the required regular expression is too complicated to write. The encoding procedure can be summarized as: Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input  , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. Without loss of generality   , we assume that the server name is always given as a single regular expression. In order to kinematically transform an RMP back to a humanoid robot  , one needs to generate a map from the 11– dimensional RMP space to the much larger robot kinematics space. Therefore  , the frequency Characteristics are compensated with the inverse transfer function of it  121. The location of the actual edge is then determined by fitting a line over all " peak " pixels associated with each visible edge. We use fixed-point iteration to solve this mutually recursive equation . In TREC-9  , Microsoft Research China MSRCN  , together with Prof. Jian-Yun Nie from University of Montreal  , participated for the first time in the English- Chinese Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR track. The model obtained at the end of the learning phase represents the portion of the execution space that has been explored. In this section  , we elaborate on a complementary example that uses structured data on the Web of Data. We have presented a self-tuning index for similarity search called LSH Forest. For token normalization  , stateof-the-art Information Retrieval techniques such as case folding and word segmentation can be applied 18. , there are high positive correlations where r > 0.50 between the pledging goal  , the number of updates and the number of comments. Additional folding of implementation details may occur in simulations based executable specifications such as Petri nets or PATSley ZSSS. These results show that worthwhile improvements are possible from interactive query expansion in the restricted context represented by the Cranfield collection. Those models are based on the Harris Harris  , 1968 distributional hypothesis  , which states that words that appear in similar context have similar meanings. First  , the computational cost of learning the optimal Q values is expensive in the first stage. Thus in the experiments below  , for the target set any attribute value that is not specifically of interest as specified by the target pattern retains its original value for determining matching rules. Furthermore  , it provides the aforementioned local shape representation. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query to be generated from a document 16. The modeled eye movement features are described in Section 4.1. At the end of this phase  , the logical database subset has been produced. We made use of Spearman's rho 8  , which measures the monotonic consistency between two variables   , to test whether NST@Self stays in line with modelfree methods. Context features are effective through inspecting retrieval results  , but such features meantime suffer from higher cost of computation. These scoring functions are simple and intuitive  , but we argue that they are not expressive enough to tune latent semantic models for relevance prediction and that they do not use all potentially useful information from the model. d We introduce a novel method for query expansion based on the query recommendation tree. The uncertainty in the localization is estimated in terms of both the variance of the estimated positions and the probability that a qualitative failure has occurred. These conditions are easily checked  , but the exponential number of partitions m must be fairly large to allow decryption renders ex- haustive search impossible. 1 The pattern based subtopic modeling methods are more effective than the existing topic modeling based method  , i.e. performs a global translation  , rather than a recursive one as in the previous cases  , in which case the Decendents function returns the empty set. This corresponds to the user inspection of the retrieved documents. By taking advantage of the best-first search  , the search space is effectively pruned and the top-k relevant objects are returned in an incremental manner. With Pre-decode method  , parallel character and prefix tree  , this structure optimized the structure and minimized circuit areas and realize the target of lower cost and wider applicability. However  , it is not true because the likelihood function is represented as the product of the probabilities that the debugging history in respective incremental system testing can be realized. Machine learning systems treat the SBD task as a classification problem  , using features such as word spelling  , capitalization  , sumx  , word class  , etc. The execute-imm function computes the partial fixpoint of a database instance using some immediate rules. For example  , the context around Obama during elections is quite different from the context for presidential speech or international visit. The learning rate of Q-learning is slow at the beginning of learning. Among the many possible ways of choosing a partition   , one solution is to choose a particular function mapping the information space onto a smaller tractable space. outline preliminaries in Sect. To our knowledge  , no one has yet tried to incorporate such a thesaurus within the language modeling framework. We segmented each page into individual words by embedding the Bing HTML parser into DryadLINQ and performing the parsing and word-breaking on our compute cluster. At the beginning of learning control of each situation   , CMAC memory is refreshed. systems like Watson 11  , or generally systems whose task is to retrieve a list of objective facts that conclusively answer a query. Our strategy is based on the evolution of the term-class relationship over time  , captured by a metric of dominance. Note that the value of local features may be larger than 1 as the activation function used in the autoencoder is ReLU for better sparsity. On the other hand  , reciprocal election significantly outperforms the other methods in terms of variation of information  , a more general performance measure. , a metric. We examined the effectiveness of our different query expansion strategies and tried to find reasonable configuration for each. We now describe the set-up of our evaluation   , in terms of datasets  , similarity functions  , and LSH functions used  , and quality metrics measured. Unlike stochastic relaxakion methods such as simulated annealing  , we cannot ensure that the global minimum of the function is reached. At the core  , most of these approaches can be viewed as computing a similarity score Sima ,p between a vector of features characterizing the ad a and a vector of features characterizing the page p. For the ad a such features could include the bid phrase  , the title words usually displayed in a bold font in the presentation  , synonyms of these words  , the displayed abstract  , the target URL  , the target web site  , the semantic category  , etc. We follow the typical generative model in Information Retrieval that estimates the likelihood of generating a document given a query  , pd|q. In contrast to the Global method  , our first expansion strategy performs server-specific query expansion. Option −w means searching for the pattern expression as a word. However  , it becomes problematic when URIs are made up of meaningless strings like <./928>  , rather than <./James_Cameron>. However  , between fo and foe R = 0.0758 objectives we verify a very low correlation  , that indicates there is no relationship between these objectives. State-of-the-art TempEx taggers such as HeidelTime 36 and SUTime 9  are based on regular expression matching   , handcrafted rules  , and background dictionaries. Introduction of Learning Method: "a-Learning" Althongh therc are several possible lcarning mcthods that could be used in this system  , we employed the Q-learning method 6. The introduction of Query-Topic Mapping reduces the search space significantly in Opti-QTM. The other one is a widely used approach in practice  , which first randomly selects queries and then select top k relevant documents for each query based on current ranking functions such as top k Web sites returned by the current search engine23 . The second group events e2 and e5 is related with the detection of maneuver optimization events. The image ranked at the first place is the example image used to perform the search. Second problem is that the model is more aggressive towards relevance due to the bias in the training dataset extracted from Mechanical Turk 80% Relevant class and 20% Non- Relevant. To evaluate the performance of the random forest for disambiguation  , we first randomly select 91 unique author names as defined by the last name and the first initial from Medline database. In this paper  , the primary purpose of fitting a model is not prediction  , but to provide a quantitative means to identify sub-populations. Index schemes: There have been a number of proposals for finding near-duplicate documents in the database and web-search communities 21  , 37  , 10. However  , if the specified transforms are directly applied on the input data  , many transforms such as regular-expression-based substitutions and some arithmetic expressions cannot be undone unambiguously – there exist no " compensating " transforms. All models work according to the same principle: comparing a pseudodocument D built from entity-specific tweets with a background corpus C. This comparison allows us to score a term t using a function st  , D  , C. Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method  , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. Thus  , accurate current-based output models are difficult to develop  , and more importantly  , to invert for torque control schema. Query expansion dramatically improves the performance of this query by 124X  , due to the expansion words " pension "   , " retiree "   , " budget "   , " tax "   , etc. Our approach is feature-based similarity search  , where substring features are used to measure the similarity. Second  , path regular expressions must be generalized to support labels with properties and required properties. The combination of our approach with the MT system leads to a high effectiveness of 105% of that of monolingual IR. Related research unifies the browsing by tags and visual features for intuitive exploration of image databases5 . Most approaches to CLIR perform a query translation followed by a monolingual IR. This year we approached TREC Genomics using a cross language IR CLIR techniques. However   , we adjust all the weights in a WNB simultaneously  , unlike the hill climbing method  , in which we adjust each weight individually. In the current implementation  , only noun phrases are considered for phrase recognition and expansion. We have shown that the regular expression signatures have a very low false positive rate when compared to a large number of high reputation sites. Simulated Annealing the system has frozen. First  , it can localize unambiguously at any pose within the LPM rather than relying on the basic SSH strategy of hill-climbing to an unambiguous pose. The 2-fold procedure enables to have enough queries ~55 in both the train and test sets so as to compute Pearson correlation in a robust manner. The most common method used to search for a chemical molecule is substructure search 27   , which retrieves all molecules with the query substructure . — The TOMS automatically constructs a recognize function by using a pattemmatcher driven by a user's regular expression13. We compared the resulting ranking to the set of input rankings. We capture both the dynamic aspzcts of mdule graphs and the new requirements onmdule constructors in the following recursive definition of mdule graphs: DEFINITION 3.1: The set of nrdule graphs  , together with their sets of active modules  , is recursively defined as follws: Third  , we develop a clickrate prediction function to leverage the complementary relative strengths of various signals  , by employing a state-of-the-art predictive modeling method  , MART 15  , 16  , 40. The presence of autocorrelation provides a strong motivation for using relational techniques for learning and inference . Therefore  , Miller-Charles ratings can be considered as a reliable benchmark for evaluating semantic similarity measures. The output of each model the top ten most similar results for each test question were manually labelled as relevant or not and this was used to calculate the evaluation statistics. Performance of IMRank with Random initial ranking and Random ranking alone are averaged over 50 trials. We are gathering data from Twitter to create an archive on the debate surrounding the UK's inclusion in the European Union EU. The symbol NONE stands for the pure exact ellipsoid evaluation without using any approxima- tion. In random forest  , one way to measure the importance of a feature in a model is by calculating the average drops in Gini index at nodes where that feature is used as the splitting cri- teria 6. The CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model draws on the intuition that the sequence of features e.g. For instance  , in the following case. One difficulty in measuring the user-user similarity is that the raw ratings may contain biases caused by the different rating behaviors of different users. In this work we try to overcome these problems by applying automatically discovered techniques for fusion of the available evidence. With the help of appropriate hardware  , it is easy to fast realize. For notational simplicity  , we assume that each regular expression in a conjunctive query Q is distinct. The salient feature in timeld-automata formalism that is clocks enable us to refine the models and hence enhance our ability to address additional issues such as optimal solutions with respect to time or steps for a coordination problem involving different robots with different dynamic behaviours. The second scoring function computes a centrality measure based on the geometric mean of term generation probabilities  , weighted by their likelihood in the entry language model no centrality computation φCONST E  , F  = 1.0 and the centrality component of our model using this scoring function only serves to normalize for feed size. Hence  , when a forest of random trees collectively produce shorter path lengths for some particular points  , then they are highly likely to be anomalies.  Extensive experiments have been done to evaluate the proposed similarity model using a large collection of click-through data collected from a commercial search engine. Summarized  , despite the issue that many PDFs could not be converted  , the rule based heuristic we introduced in this paper  , delivers good results in extracting titles from scientific PDFs 77.9% accuracy. Two similarity functions are defined to weight the relationships in MKN. For instance  , a word like " morning " may score high in the category of coffee merely based on its occurrence at similar times as coffee terms. Thus  , the Shannon Entropy forms a type of lower bound on the dimensionality of the index space. First comparative experiments only focused on the querytranslation model. The gold-standard value of R for the TREC 2012 collection is the estimate produced using the entire set of runs submitted to the Medical Records track. It partitions the data space into n clusters and selects a reference point Ki for each cluster Ci. Ideally the impedance should be as low as possible. Instructors select materials useful for promoting learning while students use them to learn. However the results are suggestive of the existence of some semantic distance effect  , with an inverse correlation between semantic distance and relevance assessment  , dependant on position in the subject hierarchy  , direction of term traversal and other factors. We first report the results of using query expansion in the collection selection stage only. Moreover  , it can extract semantically relevant query translations to benefit CLIR. The key in image search by image is the similarity measurement between two images. For the few times that the position uncertainty became too large  , we were able to re-estimate initial positions using hill-climbing and GSL. The purpose of this research is to decide on a query-by-query basis if query expansion should be used. As can be expected  , this helps to focus the search considerably. A mathematical model was established and validated both deductively based on its geometric structure and inductively through empirical findings. This means that the signal E r k still contains the effect of the non-periodic disturbance. It has been suggested that CLIR can potentially utilize the multiple useful translations in a bilingual lexicon to improve retrieval performance Klavans and Hovy  , 1999. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependence between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. A random walk doesn't work for generating table values because the distance of a random walk is related to the square root of the number of time steps. In this paper  , we employ a new Q-learning method  , termed DFQL  , to facilitate real-time dynamic learning and control of mobile robots. Selected statistics can be found in Table 2. However  , when the corpus of publications is large  , we can utilize the fact that there are many other similar papers that potentially could have been cited but were not. For Japanese  , we use a regular expression to match sentence endings  , as these patterns are more well defined than in English. All three demonstrated they understood the difference between accidental and intentional acts. As a result of COSA  , they resolve a synonym problem and introduce more general concepts in the vector space to easily identify related topics 10. This is also supported by the result that a topic-independent query expansion failed to improve search performances for some of the CSIs. Copyrights for third-party components of this work must be honored. It is variously called fitness  , valuation  , and cost. To achieve this goal we should re-formulate queries avoiding " redundant " conditions. Access rights may be granted and revoked on views just as though they were ordinary tables. In this paper we model score distributions of text search engines using a novel approach. Examples of such strategies are Simulated Annealing SA IC91 and Iterative Improvement II Sw89 . The domain specification thus defines a value set for an ADT. The conclusion part is the type of answer expected if the LSP in condition part is matched. An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. For the same mass  , we could use either a 30pm thick cantilever   , 1 mm wide  , with cross-sectional moment of Figure 6  , the 4 bar mechanism including box beam links and flexural joints can be fabricated by folding a sheet of photo-etched or laser cut stainless steel.  Query term distribution and term dependence are two similar features that rely on the difference of the query term distributions between the the homepage collection and the content-page collection. But performance is a problem if dimensionality is high. To perform searches using the sort key  , one uses the latter B-tree to find the storage keys of interest  , and then uses the former collection of Btrees to find the other fields in the record. For those ineffective OOV terms LRMIR < 0  , not-translating such terms is beneficial to CLIR performance. Challenges for domainspecific CLIR  , in particular the problem of distinguishing domainspecific meanings  , have been noted in 12. more likely to be a person or entity vs. medical domain documents more likely to be a chemical. Uncertainties/entropies of the two distributions can be computed by Shannon entropy: Results of a systematic and large-scale evaluation on our YouTube dataset show promising results  , and demonstrate the viability of our approach. We explore tag-tag semantic relevance in a tag-specific manner. Figure 1shows our discoveries related to the video game industry consisting of d = 4 activities  , namely  , the search volumes for " Xbox " x1  , " PS2  , PS3 " x2  , " Wii " x3  , and " Android " x4  , taken from Google  , 2 and spanning over a decade 2004-2014  , with weekly measurements. Assuming that the training labels on instance j make its state path unambiguous   , let s j denote that path  , then the first-derivative of the log-likelihood is L-BFGS can simply be treated as a black-box optimization procedure  , requiring only that one provide the firstderivative of the function to be optimized. Mean Average Precision MAP and Precision at N P@N  are used to summarise retrieval performance within each category. Once the curiosity distribution is estimated  , we can obtain the likelihood that the user is curious about an item with sd  , i.e. The basic LSH indexing method 17 only checks the buckets to which the query object is hashed and usually requires a large number of hash tables hundreds to achieve good search quality. Overall  , Harman's method is not particularly good  , achieving a mean precision only just better than the best automatic query expansion search. We also include an additional baseline that uses multi-task learning Caruana  , 1993 to learn separate parameters for each entity  , called Baseline  , Multi-task. These data could be easily incorporated to improve the predictive power  , as shown in Figure 13. 1  , I measured the between-within variance for the 10 blogs in the dataset on estimated values for the trust  , liking  , involvement and benevolence latent variables. Thecompared AveP and G AveP. S&P500 data set holds the typical characteristics of time series and has an excellent correlation between the consecutive data elements  , while image histogram data does not have this property. Where q c is the parameter which determines the controller convergence speed. Slurp|bingbot|Googlebot. Therefore the effective relative access rate is 16/53=0.3  , which is twice the random 0.15. Topic characterisation in Social Media poses various challenges due to the event-dependent nature of topics discussed on this outlet. During the ARA* search  , the costs for applying a motion primitive correspond to the length of the trajectory and additionally depend on the proximity to obstacles. In Box 1  , the first horizontal optimization results in a new function call 2 lines 1-4  , 11-13  , and Vertical Optimization is invoked with a pair of arguments  , the resulting expression and the type Section lines 14-15. the white LED used in the lamp were manually soldered to the composite prior to folding. Leaving {πi} N i=1 free is important  , because what we really want is not to maximize the likelihood of generating the query from every document in the collection  , instead  , we want to find a λ that can maximize the likelihood of the query given relevant documents. Susskind et al. With the smaller yeast data PLSA did not do very well  , but ICA and NMF found interesting longer components and maximal frequent sets gave a good coverage of data. To correct this effect  , we further issued a random sample of 118 queries to Google's search engine with site restriction to Yahoo! Denote the top two classes with highest probability values for the distributions P and Q to be c 1 We therefore feel that our monolingual baseline for Chinese is a reasonable one. The First- Match FM technique is used for term selection from a given entry in the MRD 8. Since we assume that WS is trivial in size relative to RS  , we make no effort to compress data values; instead we represent all data directly. Pattern matching tools help the programmer with the task of chunking. New human computer interaction knowledge and technology must be developed to support these new possibilities for autonomous systems. This ranking function treats weights as probabilities. Fernandez and Dan Suciu 13 propose two query optimization techniques to rewrite a given regular path expression into another query that reduces the scope of navigation. More specifically  , we compute two entropy-based features for the EDA and EMG-CS data: Shannon entropy and permutation entropy. Next  , it disusses the benefits of SBMPC. It can be observed that the redundancy penalization effect of | is consistent with the equivalent parameter in the metric  , i.e. Transfer function data appear to have good properties in the the procedure of object identification here presented. Ranking functions usually could not work consistently well under all situations. In fact  , although using small batch sizes allows the online models to update more frequently to respond to the fast-changing pattern of the fraudulent sellers   , large batch sizes often provide better model fitting than small batch sizes in online learning. In the first experiment we apply the previously trained Random Forest model to identify matching products for the top 10 TV brands in the WDC dataset. The likelihood function is determined relying on the ray casting operation which is closely related to the physics of the sensor but suffers from lack of smoothness and high computational expense. EDSER seeks good ideas with some plausibility and some support  , preliminary results  , well thought out but provocative positions  , and excellent introductions to and tutorials on relevant art e.g. It did not show any improvement over the baseline  , and further it was significantly worse than the manual query expansion UMassBlog3. Indeed  , when comparing the effectiveness of the retrieval using either <title> or <desc> query types  , we note that <title> queries consistently perform better on a variety of TREC collections see Table 1. Subsequent iterations operate on the cached data  , causing no additional cache misses. This approach is suitable for building a comprehensive index  , as found in search engines such as Google or AltaVista. , using our procedme compared to Dijkstra  , is OS% p&Q. The permutation test method Pete differs significantly from methods in the first category since it does not assign any data-independent cost to model complexity. $5.00 through query expansion by using a grammatically-based automatically constructed thesaurus. In this context a datatype theory T is a partial mapping from URIrefs to datatypes. Users can either write their own SQL queries or choose cross-matching queries from a predefined set. This paper proposes a strategy to incorporate temporal models to document classifiers  , aiming to address the two main drawbacks of instance selection and instance weighting approaches. In previous work we have shown how to use structural information to create enriched index pages 3 . While these measures examine the similarity of the sets of queries received in an hour and the number of times they are entered  , they do not incorporate the relative popularity or ranking of queries within the query sets. With regard to recall  , Random Indexing outperforms the other approaches for 200 top-ranked suggestions. Hence  , the recommender system can explain to u3 that " T oy Story " is recommended because he/she likes comedy and " T oy Story " is a comedy. The potential relevance of Tweets for Web archive creation has been explored 26. , slightly lower fitness value. In this paper we do not address the problem of scalability or efficiency in determining the relevance of the ontologies  , in respect to a query. This is shown in Figure 2c  , where a state with a smaller Dijkstra distance heuristic was sampled in the narrow passage. The serial search was evaluated in both cases by using an optimal cutoff on the ranked documents. Besides  , the likelihood of the wavelet coefficients being composed of highly concentrated values is calculated because the histogram of wavelet coefficients in a text block tends to have several concentrated values while that of a photograph does not. The action value function in the previous fitage works as a priori knowledge so as to accelerate the learning. For the refinement step  , we apply a greedy hill climbing procedure explained in Sec. The topics to generate terms are local topics   , which are derived from global topics. The shapes of the bodies are various for each person. RQ6 b. First  , there is an exponential number of subgraphs to examine in the model graph database  , most of which are not contrastive at all. There are two directions of information retrieval research that provide a theoretical foundation for our model: the now classic work on probabilistic models of relevance  , and the recent developments in language modeling techniques for IR. As an illustration of the power of these ideas  , as applied to Software Engineering  , we can look at specification based testing and quickly see how this framework illuminates our discussions of testing. , substructures of an entity are not simply substrings of the entity name. The Random Forest classifier delivers the best result for all three categories. The type of the exception thrown is compared with the exception types declared as arguments in each catch block. We assess our techniques using query logs from a production cluster of a commercial search engine  , a commercial advertisement engine  , as well as using synthetic workloads derived from well-known distributions. 5 Due to the utilization of a set of special properties of empty result sets  , its coverage detection capability is often more powerful than that of a traditional materialized view method. Both MedThresh and ITQ are implemented as in 37. The performance is based on the automatically extracted patterns and n-gram syntactic matching . In semantic class extraction  , Zhang et al. Nevertheless  , configurations MAY and MAY × MUST overall reach significantly fewer bounds than PV for instance  , the max-stack bound is never reached by pruning verified parts of the search space. The size of the regular expression generated from the vulnerability signature automaton can be exponential in the number of states of the automaton 10. Of course once one began to put the system together some interblock dependences generally called loading  , would occur  , but many fewer then in a software design of equivalent scale. This mapping has two main advantages. , snippets of text denoting entities  , events and relations. For the restart probability of random walks  , it is interesting to find that a larger one is preferred and we set it as 0.9 in LINKREC. Trustworthiness of an identity: The likelihood that the identity will respect the terms of service ToS of its domain in the future  , denoted by T rustID. Graph 6.4 plots the search time number of random disk accesses for the postings file  , for the FCHAIN method. Query expansion is one method to solve the above prob- lem 4  , 5 . We repeated published experiments on a well-known dataset. 3 Information hiding/unhiding by folding tree branches. Since the evaluation of the entire ensemble is critical for the reweighting step on the next iteration  , and the previous ensemble state may be already overfitted  , the errors may be unwittingly propagated as the random forest is built  , being not robust to such high dimensional noisy data. Mimic uses random search inspired by machine learning techniques . Our Web-based query expansion QE consists of the Wikipedia QE module  , which extracts terms from Wikipedia articles and Wikipedia Thesaurus  , and the Google QE module  , which extends the PIRC approach that harvests expansion terms from Google search results Kwok  , Grunfeld & Deng  , 2005. The models can help IE systems overcome difficulties caused by language variations in pattern matching. This pattern may be repeated any number of times. The GROC and CROC graphs together point out that the aspect model has nearly identical global GROC performance to the heuristic recommender while actually recommending to a more diverse group of people . The second was a segmented record data structure: the primary segment simply contains a pointer to the secondary segmen~ which contains the data fields. The general idea used in the paper is to create regularization for the graph with the assumption that the likelihood of two nodes to be in the same class can be estimated using annotations of the edge linking the two nodes. The LCA expansion requires one query per sentence. Methods for translation have focused on three areas: dictionary translariun  , parallel or comparable corpora for generating a translation model  , and the employment of mnchine franslution MT techniques. These environments are dominated by issues of software construction. Due to space constraints  , we refer the reader to 12 for further details. We also found query expansion to be another valuable strategy. After some simple but not obvious algebra  , we obtain the following objective function that is equivalent to the likelihood function: Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. Our aspect model combines both collaborative and content information in model fitting. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt for mining users' roles within a collaborative search  , which enables implicitly and dynamically assigning roles to users in which they can be most e↵ective at the current search stage. Both methods need to be altered in order to optimize performance on the alternative test. The Google search engine employs a ranking scheme based on a random walk model defined by a single state variable. Planning is made through " examining " every Q values on the model which is learned by real experiences. For large graphs like ours  , there are no efficient solutions to determine if two graphs are physically identical . , if the transformation requirements cannot be met by neither regular expression nor XSLT  , the VieDAME system allows to configure an external transformation engine such as Apache Synapse 3. , q |Q| have higher probabilities than given the document model for D1. Apart from the continuous and discrete paradigms  , some emerging simulation techniques are also observed in SPS studies  , e.g. 4 have demonstrated the utility of DTW for ECG pattern matching. The increase in search space can also be seen in the size of the resulting lattice. Pearson correlation is the covariance of the predicted and label data points divided by the product of their standard deviations. In almost all type of applications  , it would be sufficient to set Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. Thus  , the signal uzpet and the repetitive control input urep are stored in memory and used after one period M . The randomized ensemble of EMMI and FC which we shall now call FCMI achieves the highest accuracy rates compared to individual MDTs. one such technique of implementing fuzzy text search for CLIR to solve the above mentioned problems. For our future work  , we plan to deeply investigate the reasons behind the relatively poor performance of scenario B by running more experiments. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR systems seek to identify pertinent information in a collection of documents containing material in languages other than the one in which the user articulated her query. Therefore  , the interval estimates are all discarded. Sen is defined as the sensitivity of the extender position  , U  ,   , in response to E ,= 200s + 2100 lbf/rad We choose ' c  , = 0.1 so the bandwidth of H1 becomes the same as of E , The JUKF functioned as expected. Our results confirmed our intuition. To make this plausible we have formulated hash-based similarity search as a set covering problem. Every block traveled adds one unit to the cost function  , and each transfer contributes four units but takes a negligible time to execute. Another difficult issue only briefly mentioned in our previous presentation  , was the constraint that the robots had to end up in specific locations. We produced by hand REST representations of a set of queries from the CACM collection  , and then automatically generated for each query subsets of terms that the REST representation indicated were related conceptually  , and which thus should be considered mutually dependent in a probabilistic model. Figure 2shows b 12 variables However  , the browsing tool simply required users to think about what might be the main colour and then look in that colour square. We alternatively execute Stage I and Stage II until the parameters converge. Kernelized LSH KLSH 23 addresses this limitation by employing kernel functions to capture similarity between data points without having to know their explicit vector representation. The path search uses the steps from the bidirectional BFS to grow the frontiers of entities used to connect paths. The XPath P used in the pattern matching of a template can have multiple XPath steps with predicates. However in MIND  , we do not rely on such information being present. We assumed that the transfer functions were of first order and used classical geometry-based approach for identifying transfer function parameters. First  , we introduce some additional notation to be used in this section: T start denotes the initial temperature parameter in simulated annealing  , f T < 1 denotes the multiplicative factor by which the temperature goes down every I T iterations and N is the number of samples drawn from the stationary distribution. First  , the basic Skip-gram model is extended by inserting a softmax layer  , in order to add the word sentiment polarity. A control strategy such as that discussed earlier in this section can be put into the ASN as a "first guess'; that can be adjusted according to experience. 16  develops a cross-lingual relevancy model by leveraging the crosslingual co-occurrence statistics in parallel texts. Merobase is also accompanied by an Eclipse plug-in called CodeConjurer  that makes the search functionality available within the widely used Eclipse development environment 4. Each print statement has as argument a relational expression   , with possibly some free occurrences of attributes. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l In the method adopted here  , simulated annealing is applied in the simplex deformation. The model we have explored thus far assumes that users make visit to pages only by querying a search engineFigure 12: Influence of the extent of random surfing. In any modern functional language a similar definition of quicksort can be given by the use of let-expressions with patterns. Further examination indicated that Dutch  , Spanish  , and Italian were good choices as pivot languages since they offered the next best coverage in EuroWordNet. To remove bias  , for each test we first warm-up the indices with 100 random searches. Besides the well-known Precision and Recall measure  , other metrics are widely used in the IR community. The GBRT reranker is by far the best  , improving by over 33% the precision of UDMQ  , which achieved the highest accuracy among all search engines participating in the MQ09 competition. Interestingly  , both systems obtained best results by using French as source language 4 . This set allows to move from one situation to another by folding or unfolding the parts of tlle semantic graph. The number of product models in the BSH was 1376 with an average count of 29 properties  ,  while the Weidmüller BMEcat consisted of 32585 product models with 47 properties on average created by our converter. , A relevant document will contain". However  , the initial state is not meaningful and does not affect the result Laarhoven ans Aarts  , 19871. As we have argued this can address some of the shortcomings of pure term-based representations. 36 developed heuristics to promote search results with the same topical category if successive queries in a search session were related by general similarity  , and were not specializations  , generalizations or reformulations.  Presenting a proximity-based method for estimating the probability that a specific query expansion term is relevant to the query term. Second  , we identify a set of regular expressions that define the set of signal tweets. 5 and word sense disambiguation e.g. Once we had a dictionary in a suitable format  , we used it with our existing Dictionary-based Query Translation DQT routines to translate the query from English into the language of one of the four language-speciic CLIR subcollections no translation was needed for the English subcollection. Xiao et al. The purpose of using such hard matching patterns in addition to soft matching patterns is to capture those well-formed definition sentences that are missed due to the imposed cut-off of ranking scores by soft pattern matching and centroid-based weighting. In the parabolic motion calculation  , the velocity of each joint at the moment that the robot stops is considered as the initial condition. Probabilistic facts model extensional knowledge. likelihood function. In practice  , the proposed deep learning approach often needs to handle a huge amount of training examples in high dimensional feature spaces for the user view. State-of-the-Art. Space does not permit a detailed description of the experiment  , but Figure 6provides a summary by mapping out participants' responses to two questions: which system made tasks easiest to complete  , and which system they preferred overall. In principle  , the optimal K should provide the best trade-off between fitting bias and model complexity. This avoids numerically unsound calculations such as inversion of transfer function matrices. The impedance with which a human expert manipulates a tool was identified by measuring the expert motion. An important conceptional distinction in time series similarity search is between global and partial search. After that search is carried out among this population. 2014 assume that the images belong to the same sentiment share the same low-level visual features is often not true  , because positive and negative images may have similar low-level visual features  , e.g. For our folding problems  , however  , we arc interested not only in whether thew exists a path  , but we are also interested in the quality of th� path. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. The † and ‡ symbols indicate that the achieved improvement of SQEEX−RM over the expanded and unexpanded lists  , EX-RM-NP2 and EX-RM  , is statistically significant at p<0.01. Furthermore  , the time-varying nature of the current problem prohibits one from formulating an adequate cost function. This exposes reliable memory to database crashes  , and we quantify the increased risk posed by this design. All these approaches represent derivation of a loop-transfer function with SPR properties for a control object without SPR properties by means of dynamic extensions or observers. The most challenging aspect is the search capability of the system  , which is referred to as crosslingual information retrieval CLIR. We use LSTM-RNN for both generation and retrieval baselines. To illustrate this  , the data of Sec­ tion 4.2 Fi gure 3a» was Fourier t ransformed to give the data YjOl and UjOl shown i n Figure 4 a. Recall that x = 0 denotes pure search engine based surfing  , while x = 1 denotes pure random surfing. In a study comparing reading digital documents on a tablet with reading a paper  , the authors point out " lightweight navigation " features present in paper that are missing in their tablet interface. Having validated our semantic similarity measure σ G s   , let us now begin to explore its applications to performance evaluation . For each symptom e in our dataset  , we measure the posterior probability Pek that the event " CKD stage k " happens with the event at the same Score Ours Baseline Kendall's τ 0.810 0.659 Pearson correlation 0.447 -0.007 visit. We provide built-in functions for common operations like regular-expression based substitutions and arithmetic operations  , but also allow user defined functions. The other main problem is that of incorporating prior knowledge into the learning system. In order to tackle graph containment search  , a new methodology is needed. Section 2 of the paper gives an overview of the I4 Intelligent Interpretation of Isokinetics Information system  , of which this research is part. Here legend Src+Target means using both source graph edges and labeled target graph edges without instance weighting  , and IW means our instance weighting method. The Fourier spectrum calculation is proportional to the square of the voltage input signal. Note that the forward or backward Jacobian mapping between the joint space and the fingertip space may not be unique due to the structure of finger used in robot hands. For the named page queries  , besides linguistic expansion from stemming in the IS ABOUT predicate  , we did not do any query expansion. Augmenting each word with its possible document positions  , we therefore have the input for the Viterbi program  , as shown below: For this 48-word sentence  , there are a total of 5.08 × 10 27 possible position sequences. From the above results  , we conclude that the representation d 3 of a document d provides the means to transfer behavioral information between query sessions  , whose SERPs contain the document d. And this  , in turn  , helps to better explain user clicks on a SERP. We chose the TRECvid search task partly because it provides an interesting complex search task involving several modalities text  , image  , and concept similarity and partly to leverage existing experience e.g. For the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to provide entity-oriented search on the Internet Archive  , as the basis for a new kind of access to web archives  , with the following contributions: 1 We propose a novel web archive search system that supports entity-based queries and multilingual search. Insertions into a plastic cochlea model have produced similar insertion forces and allowed us to identify cases of tip folding during PEA insertion. Works such as 7  , 29  , 23 use regular-expression-like syntax to denote event patterns. Each event expression consists of two clauses. By using this methodology  , the most commonly occurring words and phrases after eliminating stop words were utilized for query expansion terms. Using a curve fitting technique  , the impedance model was established in such a way that the model can simulate the expert behavior. , as the product of the probabilities of the single observations   , which are functions of the covariates whose values are known in the observations and the coefficients which are the unknowns. where λi's are the model parameters we need to estimate from the training data. Section 4 presents our domain-specific and general query expansion approaches. The focus of previous works1  , 4 did key-term selection in the mono-lingual environment; however  , our discovery of various causes such as pre-and post-translation query expansion would influence the preference of translation in CLIR. The difference between CCA and PLS is that CCA utilizes cosine as the similarity function while PLS learns dot product. One salient feature of our modeling is the judicious use of hyperparameters  , which can be recursively updated in order to obtain up-to-date posterior distribution and to estimate new model parameters. The three methods were synonym expansion  , relation expansion  , and predication expansion. Thus  , eachjoint can he driven independently with two degrees of freedom. Several probabilistic retrieval models for integrating term statistics with entity search using multiple levels of document context to improve the performance of chemical patent invalidity search. Our English-Chinese CLIR experiments used the MG 14 search engine. The transfer knction from input voltage V  , to the AC component of the output voltage superimposed on the power bus line V  , is given by Figure 4illustrates the transfer function. In the sequel all derived relations are assumed to be materialized  , unless stated otherwise. For each sort order  , we optimize the outer query block and then all the nested blocks. Despite the reasonable average percentual increase  , most of the differences are not significant. A 3-state Viterbi decoder is first used to find the most likely sequence of states given a stream. The general interest model for user 814 is shown as a word cloud and a table in Recently  , millions of tagged images are available online in social community. This empirical model has been derived by fitting trends to experimental data conducted in agar gel as a tissue phantom. The regular expression is a simple example for an expression that would be applied to the content part of a message. In the Item Constraint   , a similarity function is needed to measure the similarity of two items. The complexity of this approach is exponential in the number of weights  , and consequently it cannot be used with more than a few such parameters. Specifically  , we represent a value for an uncertain measure as a probability distribution function pdf over values from an associated " base " domain. In this paper  , we formulate and evaluate this extended similarity metric. So  , it works well in situations that follow the " build once  , mine many " principle e.g. To overcome the disadvantage some efforts have been taken. Each self-folding hinge must be approximately 10 mm long or folding will not occur  , limiting the total minimum size of the mechanism. In this paper  , an improved circuit structure corresponds to the complex regular expressions pattern matching is achieved. – Random query terms are sent to the fulltext search interface of the archive if present and from the search response we learn the URIs that it holds. Information Retrieval typically measures the relevance of documents to a query based on word similarity. Thus  , four distances and their correlation with AP were evaluated. The state machine inside the rule is instantiated for different client/server combinations and is the rule's memory. At first glance  , MT seems to be the ideal tool for CLIR. If we choose trajectories that can explore the space rapidly but allow us to return to the mapped regions sufficiently often to avoid tracking errors or mapping errors  , then we can avoid such problems. Instead  , we start with a normalized random distribution for all these conditional probabilities the results reported in this paper are the average of a few runs. We assume that an expansion term refer with higher probability to the query terms closer to its position. Interestingly  , the example in 27 actually states that 'Lafter destruction  , earlier transfers sales can still be recorded " . We introduce the recent work on applications of deep learning to IR tasks. We conduct a series of extrinsic experiments using the two soft pattern models on TREC definitional QA task test data. , the error in motor position is small and is quickly removed. By correlating drive-by download samples  , we propose a novel method to generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs to detect drive-by downloads. However there are a very few extreme rainfall cases compared to normal or no rainfall cases  , that is the data set is biased. If our thesis is correct  , physical TUIs such as the 3D Tractus can help reduce the ratio of users per robots in such tasks  , and offer intuitive mapping between the robotic group 3D task space and the user's interaction space. These multiple translations usually are exchangeable. 1 It can acquire translations for some out of vocabulary OOV queries without any need for crawling web pages. set of queries {qJ known relevant to d  , using a schedule q~  , v~ and leading to improved estimates for WV& It is found that results are sensitive to these learning schedules. In this task  , the search latency was increased by a fixed amount that ranged from 0 to 1750ms  , using a step of 250ms. Now we have beginning to work on the identification of the servo-valve block-diagram like a fust or a second order transfer function  A V to AP   , and on the identification of the servo-valve and mechanic-system block-diagram like a third order transfer function  A V t o A d  . However  , even if we combine DP with hill-climbing  , the planning problem is not yet free from combinatorial explosion . A secondorderdynamicwas foundsuperposed to the integral relation was found  , clearlyshowing the presence of an unnegligible structural deformation . , 1975. This estimate is computed by extrapolating the total number of pages in a search engines index from known or computed word frequencies of common words 1 . Carnevali  , et al. These patterns were automatically mined from web and organized by question type. We show the number of states explored by the default search and indicate if the search completed  √   , timed out TO or ran out of memory OM. outliers are at that moment ignored. As a result  , top performing systems in TREC e.g. In this paper we have combined information extraction  , deductive reasoning and relational machine learning to integrate all sources of available information in a modular way. Thus  , learning to rank can also be regarded as a classification problem  , where the label space Y is very large. in the context of identifying nearduplicate web pages 4. The specification consists of two parts: specification of variables and functions. In this paper we aim to learn from positive and negative user interactions recorded in voice search logs to mine implicit transcripts that can be used to train ASR models for voice queries first contribution . In order to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed control method for the exoskeleton  , upper-lib motion assist bower assist experiment has be& carried out with tbree healthy human subjects Subject A and B are 22 years old males  , Subject C is 23 years old male. Instead  , we propose a simpler but less informative measurement model created by integrating over all possible contact positions as a function of object pose: It is up to the search strategy to keep some or all of them LVGl. The CLIR experiments on TREC collections show that the decaying co-occurrence method performs better than the basic cooccurrence method  , and the triple translation model brings additional improvements.  The number of meaningful semantic path instances: We regard resources which have many meaningful semantic path instances directed to keywords as more relevant resources. An important advantage of introducing a language model for each position is that it can allow us to model the " best-matching position " in a document with probabilistic models  , thus supporting " soft " passage retrieval naturally. We mainly focus on matching similar shapes. We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. One reason is that ad-hoc CLEF tasks evaluate CLIR systems as a whole; there is no direct comparison of alternative solutions for specific system components  , such as translation strategies given a fixed set of translation resources  , or resource acquisition techniques given a fixed translation strategy. We use topic modeling to recover the concerns/aspects in each software artifact  , and use them as input for machine learningbased defect prediction models. In all the cases  , we compare the queries generated by D2R Server with –fast enabled with the queries generated by Morph with subquery and self-join elimination enabled. The remaining columns show the performance of each method  , including the number of interleavings tested and the run time in seconds. This paper investigates the performance of support vector machine for Australian forex forecasting in terms of kernel type and sensitivity of free parameters selection. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantial benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. In the memorybased systems 9 we calculate the similarity between all users  , based on their ratings of items using some heuristic measure such as the cosine similarity or the Pearson correlation score. This is a good example of leveraging machine learning in game theory to avoid its unreasonable assumptions . V. RELATED WORK Recent code-based techniques such as random testing 9  , dynamic symbolic execution 3  , or search-based testing 5 can achieve high code coverage  , yet suffer from problems of nonsensical tests and false failures. The fifth column C-o presents the copyright owner  , which has five values: library Lib  , individual Ind  , organization Org  , vary and public domain P-d. The value which is determined by pattern matching is DataC KK the server's public key for the signature verification . By creating a separate relation for every spec field  , Squander solves all these problems: whatever abstraction function is given to a spec field  , it will be translated into a relational constraint on the corresponding relation  , and Kodkod will find a suitable value for it. The search was repeated for 50 trials using a different subsequence as query. There are three blocks or categories: digitized value: Dig  , digitized and born-digital value: Dig  , B-d  , and born-digital value: B-d. The given text fragment is first represented as a vector of words weighted also by TFIDF. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first attempt at learning and applying character-level tweet embeddings . In this experiment  , the magazine page detection time is measured for four scenarios with all 4 types of features. The idea of partial pattern matching is based on the assumption that the answer is usually surrounded by keywords and their synonyms. Our learning to rank method is based on a deep learning model for advanced text representations using distributional word embeddings . A random forest 5  is then built using original and random contrast variables and the variable importance is calculated for all variables. This includes issues of persistent storage  , efficient reasoning  , data mediation  , scalability  , distribution of data  , fault tolerance and security. Given a regular expression pattern and a token sequence representing the web page  , a nondeterministic  , finite-state automaton can be constructed and employed to match its occurrences from the string sequences representing web pages. The solution using a Simulated Annealing method is sub-optimum. Query expansion involves adding new words and phrases to the existing search terms to generate an expanded query. That is  , 211 for x  , 041 for y  , and 211 for z  , which is the same answer arrived at above. The question type is identified for a group of question cue phrases. Continuous transitions are preferable to illustrate small steps and when the nature of the state change must be explained to the viewer. For any regular expression  , we allow concatenation AND and plus OR to be commutative and define a commuted regular expression of regular expression e to be any regular expression that can be derived from e by a sequence of zero or more commutative operations. In this section  , we analyze how the popularity evolution changes when the users discover pages solely based on search results the search-dominant model. The similarity merge formula multiplies the sum of fusion component scores for a document by the number of fusion components that retrieved the document i.e. When features could not be extracted i.e. While our model allows for learning the word embeddings directly for a given task  , we keep the word matrix parameter W W W static. We have improved the Viterbi-based splitting model feeding it with a dataset larger than the one used in 1. First  , we examine the effect of window size on the role composition of each forum. In our case  , we use global topics and background topics to factor out common words. If the joint torque signal provides a poor measure of the tool contact forces  , then a force sensor may be used in conjunction with the master  , but the forces from the sensor must be brought into joint space by mapping through the manipulator Jacobian. Some implemented approaches to this problem are to pass an unknown query word unchanged into the translated query  , or to find a closest match to a known target word 4. Due to a typically high gear ratio of finger joint actuators the dynamic joint coupling is negligible. In past TRECs  , "query expansion" was considered necessary to produce top results 11. However  , it has a few limitations  , such as the fact that it is based on a hill climbing search  , which seem to make it unsuitable for our domain. Furthermore  , this mapping is naturally a many to many mapping that can be reduced to a many to one mapping in obstacle free environments  , thus reducing the learning space and resulting in a much better generalization. B+R means ranking document with AND condition of every non-stopword in a query. There has been an intensive effort 7 over the last two decades to speedup similarity search in metric spaces. Academic search engines have become the starting point for many researchers when they draft research manuscripts or work on proposals. As a branch of applied mathematics  , game theory thus focuses on the formal consideration of strategic interactions  , such as the existence of equilibriums and economic applications 6. Then the sorted relations are merged and the matching tuples are output. The first one is the residual-based stiffness estimator in 14. Our approach outperforms both the simple PLSA and Dual-PLSA methods  , as well as a transfer learning approach Collaborative Dual-PLSA. These uncommitted buffers are vulnerable to the same degree in all three systems Section 5.2. We then showed that the probabilistic structured query method is a special case of our meaning matching model when only query translation knowledge is used. Since an entity is not necessarily active at each time interval in the series it is possible to optimize Equation 2 such that T Si+1e will be dependent solely on the values of T Sje j ≤ i for which cje = 0. The matching check is performed using a non-deterministic finite state machine FSM technique similar to that used in regular expression matching 26. Following TREC-8  , the venue for European-language retrieval evaluation moved to Europe with the creation of the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum CLEF  , first held in Lisbon in September 2000 1. , our onset signatures into multiple parts  , and obtains a histogram of time series gradients corresponding to each of them. We also employed GenProg to repair the bugs in Coreutils. , 44  , 45  , 12; 2 We rely on the intuitions behind semantic composition models from the literature on distributional compositional semantics e.g. In all cases  , the multi-probe LSH method has similar query time to the basic LSH method. If a participant performed a pattern-level query either a regular expression search or a node expansion on a node that was not included in the link level  , the corresponding dot is shown within the pattern-level only. As an enhanced version of the self-encrypting virus  , a polymorphic virus was designed to avoid any fixed pattern. It has been shown that the Maximum- Likelihood Estimator MLE is asymptotically efficient as it can achieve the Cramer-Rao lower bound with increasing sample sizes. Since the search engine mainly " promotes " popular pages by returning them at the top  , they are visited more often than under the random-surfer model. Modifying these lists is an easy task and was successfully carried out by non-expert users. We therefore evaluate the temporal correlation and the two derivative models by comparing 1 the quality of the summaries generated from these models and 2 their utility towards finding additional tweets from the tweet sample that are related to the event and yet do not contain the keywords from the original queries. For topic 59  , query expansion does not recognize one equivalence in the query statements  , the equivalence between " storm-related " and " weather-related. " Using the intersection of these two captures  , we estimate the entire size of the population. We generated AR 1 time-series of length 256. As described in detail next  , this information is used to develop novel features for detecting entities and ranking candidate answers. While providing entitybased indexing of web archives is crucial  , we do not address the indexing issue in this work  , but instead extend the WayBack Machine API in order to retrieve archived content. In monolingual IR it is common to treat words that share a common stem as if they expressed the same meaning  , and some automated and interactive query expansion techniques can also be cast in this framework. Future research should concentrate on finding methods by which the performance of CLIR queries could be improved further. use Wikipedia for query expansion more directly. WEAVER was used to induce a bilingual lexicon for our approach to CLIR. Most implemented path planners have been developed for mobile robots and manipulators with a few degrees of freedom dof. There are some that are designed for many dof manipulators based on random 2 Brownian motion  , sequential IO  backtracking with virtual obstacles  , or parallel 3 genetic opti-mization search. Since joint velocities incident to the constraint boundary aC i.e. , precision and purity. As Rapoport 1953 put it  , it is about technical problems that can be treated independently of the semantic content of messages 25. Each attempt involves a similarity computation; thus the number of attempts rather than steps determines the cost of search. These engines are known as Internet-scale code search engines 14  , such as Ohloh Code previously known as Koders and Google code search 13 discontinued service as of March 2013. These solutions realize a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. We will show that categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach returns better result than not-categorized  , not-weighted approaches. For direct comparison  , Table 1provides the results of the methods of Stoica and Hearst 4 re-implementation by the authors and Seki et al. Contributions of this paper are centered around four analytical query approaches listed in the following – We compare the performance of traditional relational approaches RDBMS / ROLAP and of using a triple store and an RDF representation closely resembling the tabular structure OLAP4LD-SSB. , a test case that triggers a failure or covers a particular branch/path follows a geometric distribution. With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. In the previous section  , we defined the query representation using a hypergraph H = V  , E. In this section  , we define a global function over this hypergraph  , which assigns a relevance score to document D in response to query Q. Query compilation produces a single query plan for both relational and XML data accesses  , and the overall query tree is optimized as a whole. Minkov et al. For Australian   , German and Ionosphere data sets there is improvement of 1.98%  , 5.06% and 0.4% respectively when compared with Random Forest Classifier. Practical compensators can seldom succeed in such cases. query terms rather than document terma because they were investigating probabilistic retrieval Model 2 of Robertson et.al. The interesting subtlety is that pattern matching can introduce aliases for existing distinguishing values. In S-PLSA  , appraisal words are exploited to compose the feature vectors for blogs  , which are then used to infer the hidden sentiment factors. Once the minima are found for all objects to be placed  , the locations at which the real objects need to be placed by the robot are then given by the locations to which the object profiles have been moved. Notice that when no explicit subtopics can be found for a query  , the regularized pLSA is reduced to the normal pLSA. On the other hand  , the test set has only 25 queries and the difference between our system and the combined MT run is very small. It assumes that each word is either drawn from a universal background topic or from a location and time dependent language model. To the best of knowledge  , this paper represents one of the first efforts towards this target in the information retrieval research community. The quantifier defines to how many nodes from the set the single node must be connected by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. This is consistent with the estimates given in Sullivan9la  , Sullivan93J. As already noted  , a pure regular expression that expresses permutations must have exponential size. Therefore  , a perfect tracking controller may cause oscillatory velocity response. Random search w as found only useful to check whether a given quality criterion is eeective on a speciic data set or not. In general  , programmers use a language to map their ideas into a program space. Here are some examples from our knowledge base: These patterns are expressed in regular expression. The major contribution of this paper is an extension of SA called Toured Simulated Annealing TSA  , to better deal with parallel query optimization. Figure 1 illustrates the complete encoderdecoder model. We used Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 5 as in 16 with two datasets: 1M and 10M. This paper explores the use of word embeddings of enhance IR effectiveness. As mentioned earlier  , the sort-merge join method is used. One of the main objects of the project is to bring together these two strands of work on indexing and searching. An extremely-effective OOV term sj LRMIR 0 is the term whose semantics cannot be recovered well r1 0. As a new type of probabilistic retrieval models  , language models have been shown to be effective for many retrieval tasks 21  , 28  , 14  , 4 . P is a function that describes the likelihood of a user transitioning to state s after being in state s and being allocated task a. R describes the reward associated with a user in state s and being allocated task a. Of course  , one can utilize simulated annealing or any other global optimization strategy as well. 1a and 1b. This is not the shortest  , or best possible query  , but is adequate for the purposes of this discussion. However  , MAP of the best PSQ was just about 82% Chinese CLIR with 19% relative improvement  , achieving cross-language MAP comparable to monolingual baselines in both cases. Figure 3: Intra-list similarity behavior a and overlap with original list b for increasing ΘF though without K-folding. Most current models of the emotion generation or formation are focused on the cognitive aspects. The cumulative discounted reward is the sum of rewards that a robot expects to receive after entering into a particular state. In this study  , we further extend the previous utilizations of query logs to tackle the contextual retrieval problems. In section 4 we show that for common scenarios there is significant benefit to nevertheless search for the best cost minimal reformulation. In both cases  , the hinge is perforated to make bending easier and to enable precise folds. On the other hand  , some of the 2011 papers reported worse results from expansion. Given an external concept  , we perform a pattern matching on the thesaurus  , made of the following operations : a-1 inclusion step : We look for a thesaurus item i.e a clique which includes the given group. As described in Section 4.1  , user search interests can be represented by their queries. From the above lemma and the proof of completeness for polygonal parts and by verifying that for transfer functions f of polygonal parts  , A' The diameter function of the thin slice is shown in dotted lines along with its transfer function. The support state of a walking machine is a binary row vector  , whose com onents are the support states of its individual legs 4f There are in all 26 or 64 possible support states for a six-legged machine. CNNs are powerful classifiers due to their ability to automatically learn discriminative features from the input data. uncertainty in the kinematics mapping which is dynamic dependent. A specific search engine. The bypass technique fills the gap between the achievements of traditional query optimization and the theoretical potential   , In this technique  , specialized operators are employed that yield the tuples that fulfll the operator's predicate and the tuples that do not on two different  , disjoint output streams. In order to translate an extended selection operation u7 ,ee into a regular algebraic expression  , we have to break down the operation into parts  , thereby reducing the complexity of the selection predicate $. Do other elements affect the evaluation of a search engine's performance ? Given the training data  , we maximize the regularized log-likelihood function of the training data with respect to the model  , and then obtain the parameterˆλparameterˆ parameterˆλ. Davison pioneered a study 13 over about 100 ,000 pages sampled from the repository of a research search engine called DiscoWeb. The forest cover data contains columns with measurements of various terrain attributes  , which are fairly random within a range. Thus a person interested in the pedigree of the proverb many hands make light work will be able to find a broad range of variants on this theme  , from a range of historical periods using a single query. Incorporating individual slots' probabilities enables the bigram model to allow partial matching  , which is a characteristic of soft pattern matching. Many papers including 3  , 10  , 13  suggest such restriction for structural recursion . Moreover  , in order to incorporate the information from the users' social interactions and tagging  , we adopt the following ad hoc procedure. These mapping methods are not widely used because they are not as efficient as the VSM. both use the outcome matrix to represent interaction 4  , 6. Biological swarm members often exhibit behavioral matching based on the localized group's pattern  , such that behaviors are synchronized 4. Since a reasonably good signal to noise ratio was attained in our experimental setups  , we only utilized ETFE. They never use a search engine that recommends pages based on their current popularity. Individuals in a new generation are produced based on those in the previous one. We present a relatively simple QA framework based on regular expression rewriting. Our experimental results show that the proposed method can significantly improve the search quality in comparison with the baseline methods. In addition  , elliptical feet with the major axis aligned side to side experienced a much greater pull out force than a similar foot with major axis aligned front to back. Two annotators then assign each of these terms as relevant or not to UK- EU discussion and the relevant terms are used to search the wider random set to expand the topic specific set. In order to maintain a heading close to the centre of the chemical plume the robot employs a hill-climbing strategy in which the robot turns to take sensor readings to the left and right of its current heading. The test cases to demonstrate cycles were generated for LLVM- 3.6 with Alive-generated code inserted into the InstCombine pass. The basic idea is to model the event sequence as a play  , with objects as actors. In CQAs there are no such problems  , for we should just judge the similarity of two similar questions. In this section  , we apply the six constraints defined in the previous section to three specific retrieval formulas  , which respectively represent the vector space model  , the classical probabilistic retrieval model  , and the language modeling approach. Hence  , replacement selection creates only half as many runs as Quicksort . Topic 100 Points for Systems with Query Expansion. This work is structured as follows. In search engine and community question answering web sites we can always find candidate questions or answers. This means that there are less than k objects in our constrained region. For all messages retrieved  , the Pearson product-moment correlation between system ratings and manual ratings of relevance was about 0.4. If no pre-existing example image is available  , random images from the collection may be presented to the user  , or a sketch interface may be used. In this representation   , even though  , the GA might come up with two fit individuals with two competing conventions  , the genetic operators such aa crossover  , will not yield fitter individuals. Systems like EP-SPARQL 4 define pattern matching queries through a set of primitive operators e.g. Length Longer requests are significantly correlated with success. Furthermore  , on extracting slot values  , pattern matching might not be the best options but definitely can produce some good results at hand. Currently disambiguation in Twenty-One can be pursued in four ways: In this article  , we presented a novel method for automatic query expansion based on query logs. This is a standard method of assessing the performance of a query expansion technique based on relevance information  , 3 We only use the top 15 expansion terms for query expansion as this is a computationally intensive method of creating possible queries. Whereas the quasi-steady model requires fitting coefficients   , this numerical model is rigorously derived from Navier Stokes equations and does not require fitting pa-rameters. Attempting a strategy which would require the user to lead the point " inside " such structures  , with no knowledge of which entrance leads to the target and which to a dead-end  , is likely to negate the human ability to see " the big picture " and degenerate into an exhaustive search of the insides of Cspace obstacles. Thus  , we avoid confusing fusion improvements with simple parsing or other system differences. The mapping from the system state to the Java code we implemented is straightforward. We obtain an approximate solution to the problem using simulated annealing 22  , 23. It is desirable to use the simplest friction model in order to avoid computational complexity. Nonetheless  , the scope of the Model involves one more fitting activity that  , in the outlying areas of interest of this universe  , complicates a fitting challenge per se. , volume that is outside the ellipsoid  , which creates many false positives during search.   , zero-or-more  *   , and oneor-more  +  in the generated expressions is determined by a user-defined probability distribution. For a partial binding b  , we refer to a pattern tp i with no matching triple as unevaluated and write * in b's i-th position: Web pages on stackoverflow .com are optimized towards search engines and performance . Dudek and Zhang 3 used a vision system to model the environment and extract positioning information. We specify the techniques in a first-order logic framework and illustrate the definitions by a running example throughout the paper: a goal specifies the objective of finding the best restaurant in a city  , and a Web service provides a search facility for the best French restaurant in a city. This is so clicking on an items that is hyperlinked  , for example  , will not cause the browser to navigate away from the current page. Our previous work 1  , 2 describes some designs that achieve this goal. Although our experimental setting is a binary classification  , the desired capability from learning the function f b  , k by a GBtree is to compute the likelihood of funding  , which allows us to rank the most appropriate backer for a particular project. In practice  , it is difficult to generate perturbed queries in a data-independent way and most hashed buckets by the perturbed queries are redundant. The corpora consisted of comparable news articles in Hindi  , Bengali  , and Marathi collected during 2004 to 2007. To minimize the number of unsupported answers  , we decided to always prefer documents identified with pattern matching over those found by the answer type approach. Similarity search has become an important technique in many information retrieval applications such as search and recommendation. In the areas of pattern recognition and of machine learning  , a number of sophisticated procedures for classifying complex objects have been developed . It measures model change as the difference between the current model parameters and the parameters trained with expanded training set. We tried training a support vector machine to predict the category labels of the snippets. Their tablet readers do not demonstrate similar behaviors  , as they are not available in the interface 18 . The fact that it has been successfully applied to similar problems  , has motivated us to use it as a basis for discovering good similarity functions for record replica identification. By maximizing the regularized log-likelihood  , Laplacian pLSA softly assigns documents to the same cluster if they 1 share many terms and 2 belong to the same explicit subtopics. The magnitude of A obtained from experiments is shown in Fig. Based on the closed loop poles and zeros as given in the previous section  , the closed loop transfer function is written as Fig.15shows the performance of the experimental system when zero phase tracking control. The probabilistic retrieval model also relies on an adjustment for document length 3. The exact matching requires a total mapping from query nodes to data nodes  , i.e. The ensemble size was 200 trees for the Dietterich and RTB approaches. The same check applies to every other pair of IP address and port where this certificate is used. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. The second potential function of the MRF likelihood formulation is the one between pairs of reviewers . The lamp was fabricated in the same manner as the switch  , but with a different fold pattern and shape. Secondly  , we would like to establish whether term frequency  , as modelled by the TP distribution  , represents useful additional information. Therefore  , transformation methods must be considered which are more efficient than the mapping techniques In the generation of the data point  ,. Chuang and Chien proposed a technique for categorizing Web query terms from the click-through logs into a pre-defined subject taxonomy based on their popular search interests 4 . What are the factors that influence whether --and which term --will emerge as the convention to represent a given topic ? Function recParam in Fig. The database centric probabilistic retrieval model is compared to existing semantic labeling and retrieval methods  , and shown to achieve higher accuracy than the previously best published results  , at a fraction of their computational cost. Results show that English proficiency level affects the acceptance rate for both the interfaces  , with a statistical significance for the APP condition oneway ANOVA with F = 8.92 and p = 0.005. In the Semantic Web community  , crowdsourcing has also been recently considered  , for instance to link 10 or map 21  entities. Then  , we can check whether the context-free language obtained by the analyzer is disjoint with this set. A unique mapping will need additional constraints  , such as in the form of desired hand or foot position. The sensor model for stationary objects can then be expressed as the dual function of the sensor model for moving objects  , which can be written as On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. The random relative access rate tells which fraction of clicks will be made on links with a specific property if the user selects links in the search results list randomly. One binary support vector machine is trained for each unordered pair of classes on the training document set resulting in m*m-1/2 support vector machines. The classifier is then used to score about 1M pages sampled at random from the search index. The results show the approach works well. In practice  , however  , we did observe the data sizes to be comparable across all three datasets during this study. Beck and Wood 2 include several common operations involved in map-making in their model of urban mapping. The first approach is called as entity-centric query expansion  , in which we integrate the related entities into the original query model to perform query expansion. Relatively to our approach  , Sen et al. The one extracts a cognitive image aimed at pattern matching  , and the other creates a perceptual imagelO  , 111. In addition  , deep learning technologies can be implemented in further research. In this paper  , we propose a deep learning based advisor-advisee relationships 1 http://genealogy.math.ndsu.nodak.edu/index.php 2 http://academictree.org/ 3 http://phdtree.org/ Permission to make digital or hard copies of part or all of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. To ensure the FFT functioned appropriately  , the data was limited to a range which covered only an integer number of cycles. TDCM 15 : This is a two-dimensional click model which emphasizes two kinds of user behaviors. PLSA was originally used in text context for information retrieval and now has been used in web data mining 5. He proposed to extract temporal expressions from news  , index news articles together with temporal expressions   , and retrieve future information composed of text and future dates by using a probabilistic model. It was able to orient our test images with modest accuracy  , but its performance was insufficient to break the captcha. With these steps the optimal parameter setting was found and used to train the model in the remaining 80% of the sample. Ideally  , a similarity search system should be able to achieve high-quality search with high speed  , while using a small amount of space. The main difference between the TPI model and the RPI model is that the RPI model is suited to different probabilistic indexing models  , whereas the TPI model is an ex~ension of the two-poisson model for multi-term queries. Each pattern matching step either involves the use of regular expressions or an external dictionary such as a dictionary of person names or product names. A system that can effectively propose relevant tags has many benefits to offer the blogging community. A vector model solely based on word similarities will fail to find the high relevance between the above two context vectors  , while our context distance model does capture such relatedness. Our work is taking advantage of deep models to extract robust facial features and translate them to recognize facial emotions. The random-surfer model captures the case when the users are not influenced by search engines. Intuitively  , the weakest assumption can be related to the notion of a weakest precondition as given by Dijkstra 12 . People and expert search are the best known entity ranking tasks  , which have been conveniently evaluated in the Text REtrieval Conference TREC 27 in the past years 21  , 22  , 2. We can see that the coverage of the 3D model is increased substantially with the pattern projector. Progress towards this end  , both theoretical and experimental  , is described in this chapter. Here  , we briefly review the basics of the Q-learning 20. CLIR systems' proven ability to rank news stories might not transfer readily to other genres such as medical journal articles – a point also raised by 16. Some queries returned fewer than 500 search results. As proper names and technical terms are very important in many information retrieval queries  , for dictionary-based CLIR between Japanese and English  , it is imperative that foreign words be properly transliterated into and out of katakana. This factor is determined by observations made by exteroceptive sensors in this case the camera  , and is a function of the similarity between expected measurements and observed measurements. It is then straightforward to show that the behavior of the model is preserved after replacing each loop by a call to its corresponding anonymous recursive function. However  , most of the standard similarity measures such as Pearson Correlation Coefficient 16  , Cosine Similarity 17  are too general and not suitable for finding similar document from large databases such as PubMed. A simplex is simply a set of N+l guesses  , or vertices  , of the N-dimensional statevector sought and the error associated with each guess. Uncertainties/entropies of the two distributions can be computed by Shannon entropy: Let Y denote posterior changed probabilities after certain information is known: Y = y1  , y2  , . Are users highly focused i.e. As shown in section 4  , there are many different similarity measures available. Hence other search mechanisms like random search and exhaustive search would take inordinate time 20. The rewrite applies only to single block selection queries. Note that the sign of effort and flow variables has been chosen such that the effort is forcing the flow inside the system . Users used the search panel to find stories  , as with the SCAN browser  , but had only the random access player  " tape-recorder "  for browsing within " documents " . We select the most important blocks set with the maximum k as watermarking objects. To test our hypotheses about the usefulness of our WYSIAWYH paradigm in supporting local browsing  , we compared the SCAN browser  , with a control interface that supported only search. The parameters were fixed for all the evaluation conditions at: b=0.86; and K=1.2 for the baseline run without query expansion  , and K=1.1 with query expansion. We now detail the procedure used to generate a pattern that represents a set of URLs. These descriptors compared by a distance function seem to very well correspond to the human perception of general visual similarity. It was also shown in 7 that for any given values of hub inertia atnd beam inertia  , a passive transfer function can be obtained by using a properly weighted reflection of the tip position as the output. We here discuss the design implications of our initial observations of the HCW prototype. As a stream of individual entries  , a blog feed can be viewed at multiple levels of granularity. A query task classification system was also employed  , based on 32 words indicative of home page search such as 'home' or 'homepage'. But since only partial term-document mapping is preserved  , a loss in retrieval performance is inevitable. The resulting relevance model significantly outperforms all existing click models. With the use of AI techniques for semantic pattern matching  , it may be possible to build a relatively successful library manager. Vector-space search using full-length documents is not as well suited to the task. Each citation extracted from the publication text was associated with a reference cited paper ID. When the user releases the mouse from their dragging operation   , the selected action Firstname folding in this case is applied  , and any items that are now identical in name are moved next to one another. However  , as software evolves  , the maintenance problems with cross-cutting concerns still exist  , even in the aspectized programs or the programs developed with AOP from the beginning . Furthermore  , many semantic optimization techniques can only be applied if the declarative constraints are enforced. More specifically  , we are concerned with query expansion in service to hashtag retrieval. However  , it is difficult to work in such a high-dimensional configuration space directly   , so we provide a mapping from a lower-dimensional control space to the configuration space  , and manipulate trajectories in the control space. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as f Figure 1 . At the same time  , it preserves some diversity as a hedge. c Potential field at low output T= 1. , we do not count occurrences of several of these terms as additional evidence of relevance. This calls for feature reduction or feature extraction from the original set of features  , before going into classification. In dictionary-based CLIR queries are translated into the language of documents through electronic dictionaries. Furthermore  , with a rigid manipulator   , the sensor and actuator are collocated. In the automatic query expansion mode  , the expansion terms are added directly to each of the original query terms with the Boolean OR operator  , before the query is sent to the Lucene index. This methods is called " Baseline " in Tables 1 and 2. Segmentations to piecewise constant functions were done with the greedy top-down method  , and the error function was the sum of squared errors which is proportional to log-likelihood function with normal noise. Simulated annealing2 is a stochastic optimization technique that enables one to find 'low cost' configuration without getting trapped by the 'high cost' local minima. In this paper  , we return to first principles to derive an approach to CLIR that is motivated by cross-language meaning matching. We formalize this as τi→j ∼ f x; θ = Θai  , where Θ denotes a mapping from the space of actions A to the space of parameters of the probability density function f x; θ. All collision-free samples are added to the roadmap and checked for connections with all connected components. In this paper  , we propose a new topic model  , the Orthogonalized Topic Model OTM  , to focus on orthogonalizing the topic-word distributions. This stage aims to estimate the position of a model in the image plane  , calculating the distance between the image centre and the model position. latency by flipping the order of the good and bad values . Other related recent works include the use of game theory for conflict resolution in air traffic management 4. The recursive member function was tested in P and the specifi- cation of the recursive member fumction remains unchanged. During the past decade colleges and universities have witnessed an exponential growth in digital information available for teaching and learning. GEOY_CBJPART is an entity-valued function that stores the PART's shape  , and also the position and location relative to each superpart. This evaluation metric has been widely used in literatures 2735. Information theory borrowed the concept of entropy from the t h e o r y o f s t a t i s t i c a l thermodynamics where Boltzmann's theory s t a t e s t h a t t h e entropy of a gas changing states isothermally at temperature T i s given by: The controller design is carried out with the aid of the root-locus method. Therefore  , IMRank is robust to the selection of initial ranking  , and IMRank works well with an initial ranking prefering nodes with high influence  , which could be obtained efficiently in practice. The results will show which values of the likelihood function correspond to valid interval estimates and which do not. The diameter function of a part is a mapping between the part's orientation with respect to the gripper and the distance between parallel jaws of the gripper. The initial interface layout was based on proposed scenarios 2. " This implies that there is no need to introduce very sophisticated word probability models: word probabilities only influence the classification through the class prior The model is specified by a set of parameters  , including the estimate of the susceptible population  , and the transition probabilities between different states. This function is used in the classification step and represents the probability of a motion trajectory being at a certain DTW distance from the model trajectory  , given that it belongs to this class of motions c j . We have presented a predictive model of the Web based on a probabilistic decomposition  , along with a statistical model fitting procedure. Table 4 shows that even by just using the user preferences among categories together with crowd-derived category information   , we can obtain an accuracy of 0.85 compared with 0.77 for Image+User features  , suggesting that crowdsourced image categorisation is more powerful than current image recognition and classification technology. Wold et al. The variant Bi-LSTM 4 is proposed to utilize both previous and future words by two separate RNNs  , propagating forward and backward  , and generating two independent hidden state vectors − → ht and ← − ht  , respectively. All the other runs got stuck in an infeasible local maximum. Match chooses a set of paths from the semistructure that match a user-given path regular expression . In our scenario  , if each entity is modeled as a pattern  , the lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the multi-pattern matching problem. two different paths in the interpretation space can lead to the same program. Language modeling approaches apply query expansion to incorporate information from Lafferty and Zhai 7 have demonstrated the probability equivalence of the language model to the probabilistic retrieval model under some very strong assumptions  , which may or may not hold in practice. , detection of a target within unit area  , the state space for a uniform grid is necessarily L × L  , or in the presented example  , 256 2 = 65  , 536 nodes. Our approach belongs to this category  , and furthermore  , requires no dependence relation between loss function and features belonging to different domains. Although we have framed the issue in terms of a game  , pure game theory makes no predictions about such a case  , in which there are two identical Nash equilibriums. Incorporating this additional semantic fact could have helped to improve the relevance of retrieved results. Although query expansion techniques have been wellstudied in the case of centralized IR  , they have been largely ignored in federated IR research. The analog circuit for transfer function 28 and also software procedure 30 were realized. , VARI- MAX 22 rotation. This indicates that the ratings predicted by Global Prediction are more discriminative and accurate in ranking the four DSRs. To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. Similarity search has been a topic of much research in recent years. In fact  , since a protein's sequence is static throughout the course of the simulation  , it is not possible to use a sequence-based representation in such settings. It is also expected as a result that the use of structured data in terms of the GoodRelations vocabulary by manufacturers and online retailers will bring additional benefits derived from being part of the Web of Data  , such as Search Engine Optimization SEO in the form of rich snippets 4   , or the possibility of better articulating the value proposition of products on the Web. The expansion terms are extracted from top 100 relevant documents according to the query logs. Note that this differs from when emergency rooms are more likely to receive visits 18  , suggesting that urgent search engine temporal patterns may differ from ER visit patterns. This is a database querying facility  , with regular expression search on titles  , comments and URLs. The method of estimating the lots delively cycle time can help fab managers for more precisely lots management and AMHS control. Offsets are limited to a maximum value called the " window size " . 4 to be 0.0019 and the optimum path of states for this observation sequence is {FD  , WQ  , WQ  , CS  , FD  , FD  , FD} with probability 1.59exp-5. The first is a hand detector using depth images  , that provides a single value hand estimate with high precision but lower speed. Such probabilistic dependencies cannot easily be captured in logical expressions and typically are also not documented in textual or other sensory form. In fact  , the iterative and recursive programs do compute the same function; i.e. The overflow is low and as a consequence of this  , exhaustive search is nearly as good as the exhaustive search of the sequential signatums. For a particular object template  , they consist of a representation of the distribution of the object's color histogram. Note that a function T with the threshold property does not necessarily provide an ordering of pages based on their likelihood of being good. Table 5: Performances of the CLIR runs. This ensures that there is no simple pattern  , such as the query always precisely matching the title of the page in question. Since the tuples within each block are sorted by timestamp  , a merge sort is employed to retrieve the original order of tuples across the different blocks in the run. This is  , users might stay at workplace during that period  , and hence have similar check-ins while people tend to have lunch about 12:00  , making the curve drops to some extent. Our Matlab implementation of Pearson correlation had similar performance to Breese's at 300ms per rec. More concretely  , our contributions are:  We propose a mechanism for expiring cache entries based on a time-to-live value and a mechanism for maintaining the cache content fresh by issuing refresh queries to back-end search clusters  , depending on availability of idle cycles in those clusters. We have tested the effectiveness of the proposed model using real data. We now define the graph pattern matching problem in a distributed setting. Although it takes long time to converge  , the learning method can find a sequence of feasible actions for the robot to take. SA first identifies the T-expression  , and tries to find matching sentiment patterns. This phase follows a hill climbing strategy   , that is  , in each iteration  , a new partition is computed from the previous one by performing a set of modifications movements of vertices between communities. In particular  , in Figure 7awe see that for MG-LRM  , the peak appears at a higher number of iterations than the other models. Data Page While random generation showed promising results  , it would be useful to consider a more guided search for test generation. To simplify our experiments  , we dropped the document segments that were in the gold standard but were not in the ranked list of selected retrieved segments although we could have kept them by folding them into the LSA spaces. In this study  , we want to learn the weather attributes which are mainly in the form of real numbered values and thus have chosen stacked auto-encoder architecture of deep learning for the purpose. Let P s be the transfer function from the input force U to the output position L . Automatic query expansion is more desirable in a deployed system  , but the uncertain quality of the expansion terms can confuse the evaluation. As experimentation of our approach  , we choose GoldDLP 1   , an ontology describing a financial domain. Then any multi-dimensional indexing method can be used to organize  , cluster and efficiently search the resulting points. A summary of the hydrodynamic models developed by von K a r m h and Sears  , and Lighthill has been presented and has been applied to the investigation of elastic energy storage in a harmonically oscillating foil in a free stream. Assuming perfect transfer from spring storage into kinetic energy  , the impact may be modeled as follows: the hip for natural pitch stability. In information retrieval domain  , systems are founded on three basic ones models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model which were derived within many variations extended Boolean models  , models based on fuzzy sets theory  , generalized vector space model ,. The method however relies on a recursive partitioning of the data set into two as it is known from Quicksort. 1 and Spearmans ρ distance to sort all the objects with respect to an arbitrary query object we obtain the same sequence in inverse order  , as Figure 1b shows. But a large number of latent intents would greatly increase the cost of mapping queries from book space to the latent intent space. Most of the learning of regular languages from positive examples in the computational learning community is directed towards inference of automata as opposed to inference of regular expressions 5  , 43  , 48. It shows that for most recall values  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the basic LSH method by an order of magnitude. These mapping matrices are calculated for a given coil arrangement by treating the coils as magnetic dipoles in space and are calibrated through workspace measurements as outlined in 11  , 10. where each element of I is current through each of the c coils  , B is a 3 × c matrix mapping these coil currents to the magnetic field vector B and B x   , B y   , B z are the 3 × c matrices mapping the coil currents to the magnetic field spatial gradients in the x  , y and z directions  , respectively. Keyword search in databases has some unique characteristics   , which make the straightforward application of the random walk model as described in previous work 9  , 19  , 27  inadequate. The signal detection operates on a power signal; a Fast Fourier Transform FFT is being done which trans­ forms the signal in time domain into frequency domain. The hash-based search paradigm has been applied with great success for the following tasks: Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Note that all evaluations are performed using interpolated scores at ranks 1 to 20  , averaged over all queries. The obtained experimental results have shown its effectiveness in efficiently generating translation equivalents of various unknown query terms and improving retrieval performance for conventional CLIR approaches. In this paper  , we explored and analyzed an end-to-end approach to making self-folding sheets activated by uniformheat . The lower perplexity the higher topic modeling accuracy. Position Sensor Based Torque Control Method Fig.2shows a block diagram of a proposed torque control system. The method needs to be extended to a multiclass system. 'l%c second sorting method  , replacement selection  , works as li~llows: Pages of the source relation are fetched  , and the tuples in these pages arc copied into an ordered heap data structure. We show further evidence for this statement in Section 4.4. We did run experiments for both language pairs and found PDT was at least as effective as PSQ  , but adding statistical synonymy knowledge to unidirectional translation could hurt CLIR performance. Overall  , 30% of Search Quality sites and 50% of Safe Browsing sites rank low enough to receive limited search traction. We describe this operator within the context of web querying  , and illustrate it for querying the DBLP Bibliography and the ACM SIGMOD Anthology. Both methods share the problem of too much generality since the pro- grammer can write anything into the loop or the function body; this severely limits query optimization. Figure 2a shows concolic testing. where µi ∈ R denotes a user-specific offset. Given a topic relevance score  , for each query  , the score of each retrieved document in the baseline is given by the above exponential function f rank with the parameter values obtained in the fitting procedure. , 2010  , by means of the Wavelet Transform  , obtains the audio signal in the time-frequency domain. Therefore  , we can insert the reduced PLA data into a traditional R-tree index to facilitate the similarity search. The success of dictionary-based CLIR depends on the coverage of the dictionary  , tools for conflating morphological variants  , phrase and proper name recognition  , as well as word sense disam- biguation 13 . The tree-pattern matching proceeds in two phases. However  , it appears that reducing access to the collection has little or no effect in terms of unique relevant coverage as statistical test results indicated that for almost every access scenario and search strategy  , none of the access combinations showed any significant difference from the best performing access combinations. The expansion terms and the original query terms were re-weighted. We disambiguate the author names using random forest 34. , a method name was misspelled and corrected in the next change set  , a developer reverted to the old version of a class  , etc. The language model described in 2 falls in this category. Except for the LSH and KLSH method which do not need training samples  , for the unsupervised methods i.e. Thus we anticipate the information organization to soon occur  , not via 'URLs' but rather via 'event tags' and across 'geo-locations'. Here  , these requirements should be added to the already existing requirements needed to self-contain the microfluidic device. Among the search strategies vided by Crest  , we chose the random branch strategy. Steady trending means a good performance on model robustness. Whereas the vector space model used in the SMART system has an inherent relationship between term reweighing and query expansion  , the probabilistic model has no built-in provision for query expan- si~ although query expansion is known to be important. We first present the basic PLSA model as described in 21. Candidate phrases are phrases that match a pre-defined set of regular expression patterns. This is unlike simulated annealing or MaxWalkSat  , which simultaneously offer settings to all features at every step of their reasoning. Using MATLAB  , a fast Fourier transform FFT was performed. Distance Computation between regional embeddings After learning word embeddings for each word w ∈ V  , we then compute the distance Figure 2: Semantic field of theatre as captured by GEODIST method between the UK and US. The semantic gap between two views of Wiki is quite large. H is chosen such that mapping Hfl is Lp-stable  , that is a1 Hfl: Lnp-Lnp The transfer function of the system is then: ;   , = 10  , y : ;   , = 20 and YE;  , = 100 the resulting optimal T* is equal to 0.917s. To illustrate this goal  , consider the following hypothetical scenario where the scoring function scoreq  , c = w T ϕq  , c differentiates the last click of a query session from other clicks within the same session. Mappings model both the descriptive characteristics of an object  ,  Relationships among objects are modeled by " domainobject   , mapping-object  , range-object. Then we compute the single source shortest path from y using breadth first search. It is therefore clearly misleading to cite performance on " easy " cases as evidence that more challenging outcomes are equally predictable; yet precisely such conflation is prac- 1 ticed routinely by advocates of various methods  , albeit often implicitly through the use of rhetorical flourishes and other imprecise language. In the following sections we will provide details of LHD-d  , and evaluate it afterwards in the above environment. Stemming can be performed before indexing  , although it is not used in this example. If the heuristics guides the search to a local minimum  , a random subgoal is generated and the heuristic strategy is attempted via the subgoal configuration. The use of the fast Fourier transform and the necessity to iterate to obtain the required solution preclude this method from being used in real time control. It actually provided correct answers for some short queries. The extension of BBC to Pearson Correlation Pearson Distance makes it applicable to a variety of biological datasets where finding small  , dense clusters is criti- cal. It can be used when a distance function is available to measure the dis-similarity among content representations. It is customary to abstract DTDs by sets of rules of the form a → r where a is an element and r is a regular expression over the alphabet of elements. Query expansion has a significant overall effect and  , in addition to reasoning  , is an important factor affecting the accuracy of the retrieval. We aim to derive a mapping Ψ : X → V that projects the input features into a K-dimensional latent space.  In this paper  , we focus on ranking the results of complex relationship searches on the Semantic Web. Lib instances. After that  , the original rank sorted by Yahoo is integrated with the similarity as candidate. Here  , we treat the AQUAINT corpus as a unigram language model of general English 15   , A  , and the Interest Corpus as a unigram language model consisting of topic specific terms and general English terms  , I. Our results show that the query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the simple  , step-wise sequence. The mapping is given by the matrix shown in equation 5. Having identified a set of constraints FE- NN2 is based on the fast implementation scheme and the approximate pignistic Shannon entropy. Interested readers are referred to 2. Further  , we will replace the exponential moving average with an more efficient stochastic gradient hill climbing strategy. Table 1reports the precision  , recall and F-measure calculated for the proposed method. We define the parameters of relevant and non-relevant document language model as θR and θN . In each hill climbing iteration  , we select the best grasp from N C l  until no improvement is achieved. Neither do the similar queries retrieved via random walks SQ1 and SQ3 provide very useful expansion terms since most of the similar queries are simply different permutations of the same set of terms. The MediaMagic user interface contains tools for issuing queries text  , latent semantic text  , image histogram  , and concept queries  , displays ranked results lists and has an area for viewing and judging retrieved shots. Note that the elements of the second row of the mapping matrix are calculated as zero. This method needs lots of hierarchical links as its training data. They showed empirically the convergence of Q-learning in that case. , the query. tweet data after query tweet time cutoff and external resource. which the other components on this level rely. Most often  , producing a better representation ψ that encodes various aspects of similarity between the input querydocument pairs plays a far more important role in training an accurate reranker than choosing between different ranking approaches. The first two rules generate the predicate concepts corresponding to preconditions prec from a SPM  , where the function gc : T → CONC is used to generate the concept corresponding to a given term and the function gcc : PR CC → CONC is used to generate the concept corresponding to a given precondition predicate: The developed rules use the ← r operator to denote set reunion and the ← a operator to denote a value transfer. Interdependence theory  , a type of social exchange theory  , is a psychological theory developed as a means for understanding and analyzing interpersonal situations and interaction 4. Table 2presents the 15 most informative features to the model. One is the time-dependent content similarity measure between queries using the cosine kernel function; another is the likelihood for two queries to be grouped in a same cluster from the click-through data given the timestamp. Learning RFG is to estimate the remaining free parameters θ  , which maximizes the log-likelihood objective function Oθ. Almost all these existing methods are devoted to propose various measures to estimate the relevance score between query and sources and this kind of relevance is very closely related with the semantic content of query and results. If it has the leading position in the target market  , the organization usually takes the initiative in SPL evolution and prefers a proactive strategy. The dotted line in Figure 1a illustrates a hypothetical path of a contact measurement  , ˆ p  , through the space around the rectangle. Other languages for programming cryptographic protocols also contain this functionality. The highest P@3 for IFM is clocked at 0.794  , which is comparable to the 0.801 achieved by QR4. The pattern-matching language is based on regular expressions over the annotations; when a sequence of annotations is matched by the left-hand side pattern  , then the right-hand side defines the type of annotation to be added Organization in the example case above. Finally  , Section 8 states some conclusions. Theregn.larexptekonmustbechoseninsuchawaythat itdefinesaconnectedgtaph ,thatis ,apathtype. The accuracy of the traffic light map is coupled to the accuracy of the position estimates of the mapping car. Snoop  , however  , does not provide mechanisms for using contextual in- formation to constrain event matching. Other strategies for setting mean value and variance can also be adopted in our approach. All reviewers had the same experience. Furthermore  , ExpoMF with content covariates outperforms a state-of-the-art document recommendation model 30. 12 and Jones et al. Query expansion  , in gereral  , does make a positive contribution to the retrieval performance. For forward selection  , the generation of candidate alternatives to a current model relies on the addition of edges  , because graphical models are completely defined by their edges or two-factor terms. Simulation results are plotted in Figures 7-11. random query selection followed by random document selection for each query. A novel method for CLIR which exploits the structural similarity among MDS-based monolingual projections of a multilingual collection was proposed. Pang and Lee found that using the Support Vector Machine classifier with unigrams and feature presence resulted in a threefold classification accuracy of 83%; therefore we also follow this strategy and use unigrams and only take into account feature presence. However  , tracking performancc IS difficult to evaluate bcforc actual excculion of Icaining control. Table 4presents examples for queries of different length in each domain  , which illustrate the differences between the tested domains. However  , due to the low number of participants specifically 5 we managed to involve before the submission deadline  , this method did not prove particularly useful. This property is called interlacing. However  , individual phrases and words might have multiple meanings and/or be unrelated to the overall topic of the page leading to miss-matched ads. Another was to search for subjects of interest to the participant  , and to look through the search results until something worth keeping was found. P ,. The latter approach was chosen in this paper because it avoids representing the high-dimensional feature space. Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. After having selected the first sentence of the summary  , we use query expansion for the rest of the blocks. We require that the transfer of commodities from the virtual source node to each node in V is instantaneous. Last year  , in TREC7  , we compared three possible approaches to CLIR for French and English  , namely  , the approach based on a bilingual dictionary  , the approach based on a machine translation MT system  , and the approach based on a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts. The results are available in tab. Specifically  , it was shown empirically that the score distributions on a per query basis may be fitted using an exponential distribution for the set of non-relevant documents and a normal distribution for the set of relevant documents. , the associated nonterminal of the pattern root and of the variable symbols in σΓ in the pattern specification. In all the simulation tests  , the parameters of the system are given by: I , However  , measuring learning is very difficult to do reliably in practice. We tackle i using heuristic search -a well known technique for dealing with combinatorial search spaces. Assume a scoring function exists ϕ· exists that calculates the similarity between a query document q and a search result r. We then define a set of ranking formulas Ψϕ  , T  that assign scores to documents based on both the similarity score ϕ and the search result tree T produced through the recursive search. The subjects were asked to select as many restaurants relevant to a presented search intent as possible. 3 Using the original topics vs. the topic frames. Here  , the likelihood function that we In Phase B  , we estimate the value of μs for each session based on the parameters Θ learned in Phase A. This indicates the proposed fast implementation scheme works well  , both in equivalent combination scheme and the use of approximate pignistic Shannon entropy. Combinations of latent semantic models. The patterns used in ILQUA are automatically learned and extracted. All feet with directionally compliant flaps which collapse during retraction performed better than feet which in no way collapsed during retraction. Since the model depends on the alignment at the document level  , in order to ensure the bilingual contexts instead of monolingual contexts  , it is intuitive to assume that larger window sizes will lead to better bilingual embeddings. This can be considered as 100 lockable objects in the LIB-system  , or alternatively  , these 100 objects can be regarded as the highly active part of the CB-system catalog data  , access path data  , . The relationship between the number of hidden units and MSE on training and test data for a q of 0.02 is shown in Figure 6; note the test performance is evaluated at 5 epoch intervals. The evaluation results are presented in Table 3. Our previous work on creating self-folding devices controlling its actuators with an internal control system is described in 3. average pointer proportion and average size of filial sets of a level. 9 have developed an OR-parallel formulat.ion of F:PP based on random competition parallel search ll. This scanner then adds supported document types that it finds to a specified instance of an Up- Lib repository. If the general shape of the object is fit to some simple surface  , it should be possible to add the details of fine surface features using a simple data structure. Generating this predicate from scratch is challenging. Notice that the normalization factor that appears in Eq. , p1. In Section 3  , we describe the task modeling and proposed framework for conversation systems. In particular  , we will be able to find out what queries have been used to retrieve what documents  , and from that  , to extract strong relationships between query terms and document terms and to use them in query expansion. During the motion data are gathered from absolute position sensor  , x ∈ R 2   , force sensor tendons tensions  , F ∈ R 3   , and motor encoders  , q ∈ R 3 . Expectations associated with that word would search for modifiers like "probabilistic" and for the entity being analyzed "Quicksort"  , as well as looking for other components that are not present in this particular piece of text  , While being guided by the expectation-based model laid out above  , we plan to depart from it in several ways. Further parallelization is possible by batching up all the states to be evaluated in a single optimizer step. While designing controllers it is usual practice to design the current and speed controllers sequentially  , starting from the inner loop  , the resulting inner closed loop transfers function designated as Nevertheless  , some queries require data materialization and/or blocking. To compute the similarity weights w i ,k between users ui and u k   , several similarity measures can be adopted  , e.g. If our distance metric D assigns a very small distance between p and q then it will also make sure that p and q are close to the same labels |D p  , α−D q  , α| ≤ D p  , q from triangle inequality. In practice  , sufficient transparency would be such that the magnitude of the transparency transfer function GI is unity and the phase is zero within a bandwidth larger than the sensory and motor bandwidth of the operator. The composition of the patterns  , the testing methodology  , and the results  , are detailed in Fernandes  , 2004. 0 Motion prediction. An important advantage of the statistical modeling approach is the ability to analyze the predictive value of features that are being considered for inclusion in the ranking scheme. Ranking the words according to their scores. Note that the best parameter ordering for each query in the function body can be different and also there can be multiple functions invoked from the same outer query block. A-SMFO has very nice properties. The most common approach is directly fitting Ut to the actual query execution time of the ranking model 7. Interestingly  , Figure 5bshows that the subspaces of the vector states sr for r > 1 consist of more than one dense clusters see  , e.g. For the velocity loop  , the transfer function is: Two popular techniques are query expansion and results re-ranking. , 2002 corpus and uses support vector machine classifiers. Using these interpretations  , it would be possible to relate this information measure to the conventional Shannon-Hartley entropy measure. Table 5gives the overall results of these experiments using an annealing constant of 0.4 and 10k iterations. For more details about the labeled data set  , please refer to 4. Since FVs are usually high-dimensional and dense  , it makes the system less efficient for large-scale applications. propose the ObjectRank system 3 which applies the random walk model to keyword search in databases modelled as labelled graphs. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first characterization of this tradeoff. For the above example  , the developers compute the regular expression once and store it into a variable: Informal tests " viewing the interaction with a CLIR system available on the Web ARCTOS and machine-translated web pages Google. As described in Section 3  , the frequency is used as an exponent in the retrieval function. In both works  , the authors showed that there exist some data distributions where maximal unprunned trees used in the random forests do not achieve as good performance as the trees with smaller number of splits and/or smaller node size. 256 colors in image databases . To tackle the problem   , we presented a novel random walk model that incorporates the inferred search impact of pages into the standard connectivity-based page importance computation. They efficiently exploit historical information to speculate on new search nodes with expected improved performance. 'Push Sort in Select': We tested the efficiency of our rewrite that pushes Sorts into Selects  , as described in Section 5.2. This suggests that even when results for a topic are somewhat easier to find on one collection than another  , the relative difficulty among topics is preserved  , at least to some extent. 15 proposes an approach based on the Cauchy-Schwarz inequality that allows discarding a large number of superfluous comparisons. Finding locally optimal solutions in this respect would be a logical approach and is the subject of current research. The resulting groups are then used to define the memberships of modules. Moreover the pattern-matching procedure controls  , through nonnalization any excessive growth of the indexing term set. These discontinuities in the past caused large control impulses to the system. This mapping is generic in that we can map any other recursive navigation query in the same way. Sarsalearning starts with some initial estimates for the Q-values that are then dynamically updated  , but there is no maximization over possible actions in the transition state stti. They can be modelled by a probability density function indicating the likelihood that an object is located at a certain position cf. fractional values for the dimensionality  , which are called fractal dimensions. If the objective function value of the successor MP C  is lower than that of the current best partition MP C  , we move to the successor with a Thus  , it provides the first tractable method for search of grasp contacts on such input data. In order to define these two functions we need the statistics defined in Table 1 . Further  , compared to G C and G A   , G N has a relatively lower W on all three topic sets  , which suggests that with a random K  , LapPLSA regularized with G N is less likely to improve over pLSA compared to G A and G C . All runs did not use phrases  , and query expansion. However  , most existing social recommendation models largely ignore contexts when measuring similarity between two users. If no location is found  , PLSA 10 is performed on the tag data of the corpus. Therefore  , we consider the following additional features: -co-occurrences of the expansion term with the original query terms; -proximity of the expansion terms to the query terms. The problem of selection bias is especially important in the scenario of personal search where the personalized nature of information needs strongly biases the available training data. However   , the biggest difference to most methods in the second category is that Pete does not assume any panicular dishhution for the data or the error function. In many cases the contact positions had to be heavily adjusted to fulfill reachability. Dehzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control actions defined over an output universe of discourse into a space of nonfuzzy control actions. However  , as the number of query terms increases  , the rates of improvement brought about by query expansion become significantly less. All subjects are male  , had an average age of 23  , 3 years on line search experience  , and average FA-1 Controlled Associations score of 28.6 and VZ-1 paper folding score 15. The generated data is created as a set of named graphs 11. The structure of the paper is a as follows. If a sample graph vertex label matches the pattern but is not correctly mapped to the model graph vertex then the fitness of the projection is reduced. So it is very interesting to compare the CLQS approach with the conventional query expansion approaches. Some simple context search methods use the similarity measure to compute similarity between a document and context bag-of-words or word vector. All non-RDF datasets were transformed into RDF and all string properties were set to lower case. In order to analyze and compare the results  , we made use of the popular Pearson correlation coefficient see  , e.g. We discretize each parameter in 5 settings in the range 0  , 1 and choose the best-performer configuration according to a grid search. In practice  , MPF was unable to run sufficient current for actuation at this scale. Rn  , where M is the main query and each Ri is a supporting term. Our pattern matching component consists of two parts  , fixed pattern matching and partial pattern matching. Listing 1 shows an example query. This information is made available to further relational operators in the relational operator tree to eliminate sort operations. These animations are augmenting original figures and can be displayed in the e-book pages with an integrated Java Applet. After making a relevance judgment a NASA TLX questionnaire would be displayed. Improving translation accuracy is important for query translation . The results 812 were encouraging but mixed and revealed some shortcomings of the AspectJ design with respect to its usability in this context. To answer ML2DQ  , we adopt the same best first search approach as LDPQ. The log-likelihood function could be represented as:   , YN }  , we need to estimate the optimal model setting Θ = {λ k } K k=1   , which maximizes the conditional likelihood defined in Eq1 over the training set. For example  , in the scenario of training ratios to be 5% and 10%  , the AUCs of HS-MP are around 4%∼5% larger than the AUCs of the random forest. Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. We then perform a hill-climbing search in the hierarchy graph starting from that pair. First  , the initial population is generated  , and then genetic operators  , such as Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. The paper comprises three major sections  , each dealing with one of the dynamic effects mentioned above. That is  , the extension of a database can be seen as a topological space built out of entities rather than entity types. As already pointed out  , our model for document similarity is based on a combination of geographic and temporal information to identify events. This leaves the whole question of the effectiveness of query expansion unresolved.   , βn be coefficients that are estimated by fitting the model to an existing " model building " data set  , where β0 is termed the model " intercept. " Under this alternate objective  , we try to maximize the function: This objective therefore controls for the overall likelihood of a bad event rather than controlling for individual bad events. Our choice of visual design builds upon one of the simplest hierarchical layouts  , the icicle plot 1. The model is based on PLSA  , and authorship  , published venues and citation relations have been included in it. Yet  , selecting data which most likely results in zero loss  , thus zero gradients  , simply slows down the optimization convergence. The strain gage output data were sampled at 20 kHz digitally using an IBM PC/XT with a METRABYTE Dash-16 data acquisition hardware. The learning system is applied t o a very dynamic control problem in simulation and desirable abilities have been shown. In Figure 1we refer to this as Streaming Slot Value Extraction. Finally  , a sequence of upper characters in the fullname UN is compared to a sequence of upper characters in the abbreviations. 14 leveraged Wikipedia for the intent classification task. In general  , mining specifications through pattern matching produces a large result set. Both risks may dramatically affect the classifier performance and can lead to poor prediction accuracy or even in wrong predictive models. MRD-based approaches demonstrated to be effective for addressing the CLIR problem ; however  , when CLIR systems are applied to specific domains  , they suffer of the " Out-Of-Vocabulary " OOV issue 7. KLSH provides a powerful framework to explore arbitrary kernel/similarity functions where their underlying embedding only needs to be known implicitly. So improvement of the performance of the acquired strategy is expected and the And a new strategy is acquired using Q-learning. 4 and 5 show the ROC curves for all five datasets. We prefer to consider the problem in terms of sum square error  , but each view affords its own useful insight. Input rule files are compiled into a graph representation and a depth first search is performed to see if a certain token starts a pattern match. Recently  , many studies have attempted to improve upon the regular LSH technique. The index is dependent on the transfer function. Experiments on three real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our model. Either the BMEcat supplier defines two separate features  , or the range values are encoded in the FVALUE element of the feature. We used it instead of the Pearson coefficient to avoid introducing unnecessary assumptions about the distribution of the data. Here  , we focus on locality sensitive hashing techniques that are most relevant to our work. Clearly a need for enhanced resources is felt. At last  , all gathered pages are reranked with their similarity. For a variable  , we can specify its type or a regular expression representing its value. Plurality is implemented using Apache's Solr – a web services stack built over the Lucene search engine – to provide real-time tag suggestions. We overcome this problem by actually downloading the pages  , analyzing them linguistically  , and matching the patterns instead of merely generating them and counting their Google hits. The focus of our paper is on the problem of linking sentiment expressions to the mentions they target. , regular expressions in the WHERE clause of the general FORSEQ expression. We simply take their common prefixes as patterns since different parameters are usually at the end of URLs. Other formulations of the general problem are what the data mining community calls " all pairs " search 1 and what the database community calls set similarity join 13. In the framework of Support Vector Machine18  , three methods have been proposed to measure the uncertainty of simple data  , which are referred as simple margin  , MaxMin margin and ratio margin. Similarities are only computed between words in the same word list. For simplification  , we can measure the efficiency of GenProg using the NTCE when a valid patch is found 39. If the glb values of the conjunct are already available in the semantic index  , they are directly retrieved. One reason is simply the cost of existing linguistic resources  , such as dictionaries. With similarity search  , a user can be able to retrieve  , for instance  , pictures of the tour Eiffel by using another picture of the tour Eiffel as a query  , even if the retrieved pictures were not correctly annotated by their owner. where N u denotes the friends of user u. The LIME report for 32 cores  , summarized in Figure 8  , says the control flow edge from line 116 in grav. C to line 112 accounts for the imbalance . This retrieval is done efficiently by first identifying the closest cluster and then comparing v only to the small subset of descriptors in the cluster. A graph-based query expansion would spread all resources associated with an activated instance which is suited for thesauri. In this section we introduce the governing strategies and mechanisms utilized in our query optimizer. That structure requires propagating matching patterns to multiple relations when the dimension of joins is larger than two. The task in the CLIR track is an ad hoc retrieval task in which the documents are in one language and the topics are in a different language. Given is a document-aligned comparable corpus in two languages LS and LT with vocabularies V S and V T . In certainty grids space is represented by a grid with each cell holding a value corresponding to the probability that an obstacle is located in that region. By doing this  , we search for a unified set of latent factors that best explains both content and link structures simultaneously and seamlessly. But different from query expansion  , query suggestion aims to suggest full queries that have been formulated by users so that the query integrity and coherence are preserved in the suggested queries. We begin by evaluating how accurately we can infer progression stages. However  , subsequent research publications report 1 ,13 that a direct mapping from source to target TUs without an intermediate phonetic representation often leads to better results. The heuristic for a state x  , y  , ✓ of the robot is then the Dijkstra distance from the cell x  , y to the goal. The method searches for the weights that correspond to the best projection of data in the ddimensional space according to S&D. In the following section  , we describe how the distance metric F i is learned. Suppose we have the variational distribution: Therefore  , we carry out variational EM. We also prove the convergence of IMRank and analyze the impact of initial ranking. A book has an introduction  , a number of chapters  , a bibliography and chapter parent title same " Architecture "   , is the set of all chapters of all books titled " Architecture " . The re-ranking function is able to promote one question related to RAW files  , which is not included in the candidate question set retrieved by query likelihood model. For each dataset  , the table reports the query time  , the error ratio and the number of hash tables required  , to achieve three different search quality recall values. cross-language performance is 87.94% of the monolingual performance. This might be the case when a query is very short  , or when specific domain terminology e.g. Another recent approach called DOC 14  uses a random seed of points to guide a greedy search for subspace clusters. With respect to representations  , two research directions can be taken in order to relax the independence assumption 9  , 16. In short  , while these approaches focus on the mining of various entities for different social media search applications  , the interaction among entities is not exploited. valid patches much faster  , in terms of requiring fewer patch trials 1   , than random search. Third  , we have combined the notion of semantic relationship with traditional information-retrieval techniques to guarantee that answers are not merely semantically-related fragments  , but actually fragments that are highly relevant to the keywords of the query. A variation of the memory-based methods 21  , tries to compute the similarity weight matrix between all pairs of items instead of users. Taking the complexity of human emotions in account  , an accuracy of 0.514 on predicting 8 emotions can be considered a relatively high score. In this paper  , we propose to use CLQS as an alternative to query translation  , and test its effectiveness in CLIR tasks. Therefore in the University of Tampere we have adopted the dictionary-based method for our CLIR studies. We report the results in terms of Kendall-τ and Pearson correlation coefficients and show that the query subsets chosen by our models are significantly more effective than those selected by the considered baseline methods. In PT modification  , which occurs in randomized and genetic strategies  , states are complete IQ  , an action is a transform or a crossover method and the goal description involves a stop condition based on specific parameters of the search strategies e.g. In this paper  , we investigate the collision-free path planning problem for a robot with two aims cooperating in the robot's work space. This fact does not reflect correlations of features such as substitutability or compensability . The EDSER workshops thus function not as mini-conferences but as working sessions. In the second stage  , for the identification of the facet inclination of a given feed  , the IowaS group used sentiment classifiers and various heuristics for ranking posts according to each facet. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not.  KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels  , evaluate their mAP values on the training set  , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value. This clearly illustrates the strength of our approach in handling noisy data. The reason is that we map different overall detection ratios to the same efficiency class  , respectively  , different sets of individual detection ratios to the same span by using the range subdivisions . The vectors of these metric values are then used to compute Pearson correlation unweighted. Conventionally CLIR approaches 4 ,7 ,8 ,12 ,21 have focused mainly on incorporating dictionaries and domain-specific bilingual corpora for query translation 6 ,10 ,18. The final generalization of the Support Vector Machine is to the nonseparable case. However  , we can compute them incrementally 7  , by using eligibility traces. , the elements of assenibly quality space U1  , while the outputs are the assembly operation strategies ant1 quality control strategies  , i.e. The problem of N-Queens involves placing N queens on an N × N chess board so that no queen can take any of the others. , if or while statements for which both the opening brace { and the closing brace } must be present; throwing away part of such a patch results in a program that does not compile. Note that we can reuse the high address space for different pools and so we have a gigabyte of address space on 32 bit linux systems for each pool for mapping the OOB objects. The first function in Figure 1is a recursive function cost::Part-+Num which computes the cost of any part : if x is a base part its cost is obtained from the base selector  , otherwise ils cost is obtained by recursively summing the costs of its immediate sub-parts. External sources for expansion terms  , i.e. The vibration modes of the flexible beam are identified by the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , and illustrated in Fig. Our expansion procedure works by first submitting the topic title to answer.com  , and then using the result page for query expansion. The key aspect of deep learning is that it automatically learns features from raw data using a generalpurpose learning procedure  , instead of designing features by human engineers6 . Note that PPRF and PRF does not achieve improvement over the baseline  , but a fair comparison is to compare the retrieval effectiveness after query expansion with the retrieval effectiveness before query expansion. Past studies that used MT systems for CLIR include Oard  , 1998; Ballesteros and Croft  , 1998. However  , the fixed policy is better than the trajectories found by table-based Q- learning. , without having to change the physical configuration of the system. This section defines restricted classes of templates corresponding to the Chomsky type 1.3 generational grammars 1 : contextsensitive   , context-free  , and regular. For every pattern tp i in query Q  , a sorted access sa i retrieves matching triples in descending score order. First  , the ability to identify similar queries is in the core of any query-recommendation system. In this paper  , we investigate a novel approach to detect sentence level content reuse by mapping sentence to a signature space. Experiments over widely used benchmarks have shown very good results with respect to other approaches  , in terms of both effectiveness and efficiency. Due to the lack of real-world data  , we have developed a synthetic regular expression generator that is parameterized for flexibility. It has been shown that the resulting transfer function does not suffer from open RHP zeros. System A scored best when respondents recorded their reactions to the first statement  , about their pre-query 'mental image' 24score mean: 1.21. They found one of the query expansion failure reasons is the lack of relevant documents in the local collection. Given a task-oriented search task represented by query q  , we first retrieve a list of candidate tasks from the procedural knowledge base that mention the query q in either the summary or the explanation. We use the following approach: we start by generating a representative sample set for a regular expression . These motifs co-occur together very often. In addition to each sentence's social attribute  , such as author  , conference  , etc. Active search -Active tactile search for object indentification and determination of position and attitude is central to achieving adequate manipulation and assembly capability. However  , this improvement of recall comes at the expense of reducing the precision. Ealch trial starts at a random location and finishes either when the goal is attained or when 100 steps are carried out. The carry-over optimization can yield substantial reductionq in the number of lock requests per transaction .  ls: lightly stemmed words  , obtained by using pattern matching to remove common prefixes and suffixes. The probability that the two hash values match is the same as the Jaccard similarity of the two k-gram vectors . , to edit them. Our study melds the two approaches by analyzing library corpora for use in query expansion in the digital library OPAC. It is designed to be used with formal query method and does not incorporate IR relevance measurements. The tracking performances after ONE learning trial with q=20 are summarized in Table 1. The retrieval model was originally proposed for CLIR. A probabilistic framework for constructing the timedependent query term similarity model is proposed with the marginalized kernel  , which measures both explicit content similarity and implicit semantics from the click-through data. Given a query Q  , the virtual documents VDCi'S are treated as normal documents and are ranked for Q based on a probabilistic model. Practically  , the document space is randomly sampled such that a finite number of samples   , which are called training data R ⊆ R  , are employed to build the model. Additionally  , ultrasonic diagnosis images were obtained for which pattern matching was performed to measure the virtual target position. According to this measure  , reciprocal election outperforms folding and maxmin. We show that the proposed general framework has a close relationship with the Pairwise Support Vector Machine. For nugget extraction  , we maintain sentences as the text unit. The fourth column lists the feature on which the regular expression or gazetteer as the case may be is evaluated. Popular recommends the most popular items during the last one month of the learning period and thus it is not personalized to the user. We detail our semantic modeling approach in In Section 3  , we review conventional IR methods in order to display the basic underlying concepts of determining text relevance. To the best of our knowledge  , the state-retention techniques and optimization of multi-branch  , multi-level correlated queries considering parameter sort orders have not been proposed or implemented earlier. This random partitioning produces noticeable shorter paths for anomalies since a the fewer instances of anomalies result in a smaller number of partitions – shorter paths in a tree structure  , and b instances with distinguishable attribute-values are more likely to be separated in early partitioning . However when more and more data have to be added  , the error accumulates to undesirable proportions. Taking advantage of the theorem of separated axis lo  , real-time accurate and fast collision detection among moving geometrical models can be achieved. If we extend inside-out pulling to inside-out grasping  , we have to take into account one extra degree of freedom of the device: the width of the gripper. The reason why we just use the directed version of the M-HD is that our goal is to check if a pedestrian similar to the template is in the image  , but the distance measure of the other direction may include the information about dissimilarity between non-pedestrian edges in the environment and our template image so that an unreasonable large amount of undirected M-HD occurs. Standard generalization bounds for our proposed classifier can readily be derived in terms of the correlation between the trees in the forest and the prediction accuracy of individual trees. multi Searcher deals with several CLIR issues. For instance  , the top 20 retrieved documents have a mean relevance value of 4.2 upon 5  , versus 2.7 in the keyword search. The Binary Independence Model BIM has been one of the most influential models in the history of Information Retrieval 3 . The prediction of character at each time step is given by: The last LSTM decoder generates each character  , C  , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128  , ht−1  , for the next time-step prediction. In this section  , we describe how to apply the structural function inlining to structurally recursive queries in XQuery. Surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems. Rank-S is affected by one more random component than Taily  , thus it might be expected to have greater variability across system instances. The exact mapping of topics and posts to vectors depends on the vector space in which we are operating. It is applicable to a variety of static and dynamic cost functions   , such as distance and motion time. A complex query may be transformed into an expression that contains both regular joins and outerjoins. They can be run in batch or interactively  , and can use a pre-existing modularization to reduce the amount of human interaction needed. Our model integrates information produced by some standard fusion method  , which relies on retrieval scores ranks of documents in the lists  , with that induced from clusters that are created from similar documents across the lists. In addition to surface text pattern matching  , we also adopt N-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. Moreover   , the advantage of using this software and pattern is to eliminate human-introduced errors in the selection and matching of points. This significantly limits its application to many real-world image retrieval tasks 40  , 18  , where images are often analyzed by a variety of feature descriptors and are measured by a wide class of diverse similarity functions. We cannot assume any information about the searcher  , and cannot provide a personalized search for this user 1 . For example  , chapter/section*/title is expressed as a finite automaton and hence structurally recursive functions in Figure 11. As such most digits after the first are randomly distributed. The tracking of features will be described in Section 3.1. In particular  , this loop can dramatically reduce the friction felt by the operator and dramatically improve the " transparency " of a teleoperation system. Suppose we have in the node Z state with R started separated sessions. The goal of multi-pattern matching is to find within a text string d all occurrences of patterns from a given set. In Bau99  , the procedure for estimating the addends in equation 2 is exemplarily shown for the mentioned BIR as well as the retrieval-with-probabilistic-indexing RPI model Fuh92. The KS-distance as defined below We have looked in detail at the OOV problem as it applies to Chinese-English and English-Chinese CLIR. Detection time with angle increment 6 5 5 varies between 2-4 seconds. Related problems have been considered in dynamic or differential game theory  , graph theory  , and computational geometry. Several new operations are needed to manipulate labels with properties. As a key factor for efficient performance  , it must be careful about random accesses to index structures  , because random accesses are one or two orders of magnitude more expensive than the amortized cost of a sequential access. navigation-aided retrieval constitutes a strict generalization of the conventional probabilistic IR model. Retrieval results using individual lexicons are significantly worse than those using the combination of the three lexical resources  , confirming findings by other researchers that lexicon coverage is critical for CLIR performance Levow and Oard  , 1999. The efficiency of it to improve the performance of IR has been affirmed widely. Decide which functionality or variants would not be preserved and agree migration strategy towards standard functionality. These include scaling  , rotation  , and synchronization of observations from several tours of a space. This issue is typically resolved by acknowledging these assessor differences and simply accepting the opinion of a single assessor. Antionol et al 3 traced C++ source code onto manual pages and Java code to functional requirements . 11shows the simulation results of the dynamic folding using the robot motion obtained in the inverse problem. The branching factor of the best-first search is thus a function of the number of terrain segments reachable from a given liftoff and the sample spacing of the selection procedure. But  , this can only be done experimentally. Downhill Simplex method approximates the size of the region that can be reached at temperature T  , and it samples new points. In this paper  , we are interested not in the standard imputation problem but a variant that can be used in the context of query rewriting. We assume that XML documents are tokenized by a languagedependent tokenizer to identify linguistic tokens. Assuming the reader to be familiar with recursion in deductive databases Gallaire84  , Bancilhon86  , Ullman86  , we address the problem of evaluating queries referencing rule defined relations. Extending this to CLIR is straightforward given a multilingual thesaurus. One element name is designated as the start symbol. We found that we are able to predict correctly implicit state information based on geospatial named entities using a Random Forest RF classifier with precision of 0.989  , recall 0.798  , and F1 of 0.883  , for Pennsylvania. Miller-Charles' data set is a subset of Rubenstein-Goodenough's 35 original data set of 65 word pairs. Our systems have several parameters. Thus we have 21 scene features for hypothesis generation  , 10 of which are valid features of PRISM5. The fact that full search achieves higher nDCG scores than pre-search confirms the successful re-ordering that takes place in full search based on pairwise entity-based similarity computation. , the systeni has no zero dynaniics. The wordlist contains about 145 ,000 entries. In the sequel we describe several alternatives of hill climbing and identify the problem properties that determine performance by a thorough investigation of the search space. After fitting this model  , we use the parameters associated with each article to estimate it's quality. In practice however  , this is almost always the case under any definition of exemplar quality. However  , the XQuery core cannot properly type recursive XML queries 2  , 10  , 11. Formally  , AICC = −2 lnL+2k n n−k+1   , where the hypothesis likelihood function   , L  , with k adjusted parameters shall be estimated from data assuming a prior distribution. Note that in this method  , duplicate links are reported only when the first occurrence is seen. However  , this method -be it symbolic or numerical -is attractive because of the direct mapping from the workspace to joint space  , fixing most of the aforementioned problems of the resolved motion method. Clustered multi-index. We evaluated our approach on the English-Chinese CLIR task of TREC-5/6: although we did not observe significant improvements  , we feel that this approach is nevertheless promising. , the interaction model motivated in Section 3  , and the values of ⃗ x is determined by specific types of user behavior. In 16   , a method to systematically derive semantic representation from pLSA models using the method of Fisher kernels 17  has been presented. As we shall discuss  , this Web service is only usable for specific goal instances – namely those that specify a city wherein the best restaurant in French. Next  , we presented techniques for extracting researcher names and research interests from their homepages. Since the page content information is used  , the page similarity based smoothing is better than constant based smoothing. This is quite opposite to what has been chosen in the minimisation for the DLS law in Eq.5 and hence the necessity for λ. First we can remark that the imputation accuracies are generally higher than with complete training data 11 . Since EIL for M CICM where the limiting campaign has high effectiveness property or for COICM in general are submodular and monotone  , the hill climbing approach provides a 1 − 1/e ap- proximation 10  , 36 for these problems. The database buffer was set to 500 blocks with a database block size of 4 kbytes which resulted in an average buffer hit ratio of 98.5%. All the resulting queries together with their query plans are also available at http://bit.ly/15XSdDM. Table 1shows the most important explicit query concepts i.e. Other approaches based on genetic programming e.g. Although other methods exist  , we define the temporal correlation function to be the symmetric Pearson correlation between the temporal profiles of the two n-grams  , as used in 5. Relevance modeling 14 is a BRF approach to language modeling that uses the top ranked documents to construct a probabilistic model for performing the second retrieval. Inverse kinematics is an essential element in any robotic control system and a considerable research has gone in the last decades in identifying a robust and generic solution to this problem. The guiding principle is making good use of type information available in both a query and its environment 11 in which it is evaluated. RQ3: Do the word embedding training heuristics improve the ranking performance  , when added to the vanilla Skip-gram model ? , the region or country where the user is located. Computational infeasibility caused by using one-hot representation is alleviated by handling data on GPU efficiently. The first experiment CLARITdmwf used preretrieval data merging  , i.e. The key idea in the formulation  , therefore   , is to describe the relationship of the beginning and completion times of an operation with those of the previous and subsequent operations. These patterns  , such as looking for copular constructions and appositives  , were either hand-constructed or learned from a training corpus. , 12  , 27  , but did not take into account the session-level search context and the individual user behavior. One area for future work is to improve our retrieval model by incorporating contextual information for better term translation. The sparse utilization of the extremely large ID space makes it infeasible to identify random users by generating random IDs. The other extracts the structure in some way from the text parsing  , recognizing markup  , etc. One of the learned lessons of the previous experiments was that the regular expression RegEx substitutions are a very succinct  , efficient  , maintainable  , and scalable method to model many NL subtasks of the QA task. , A higher likelihood of generating the dataset from the model implies a lower amount of privacy. The Coupling Matrix Q is a function of the manipulator's configuration and is a measure of the system's sensitivity to the transfer of vibrational energy to its supporting structure. The figure shows plots of the comment distribution and the interestingness distribution for the participants at each time slice along with the Pearson correlation coefficient between the two distributions. Finally  , note that γ = 0 makes LapPLSA equivalent to pLSA without regularization. While the empirical data can be readily fitted to many known parsimonious models such as power laws  , log-normal  , or exponential  , there is no guarantee that the fitted model can be used to predict the tail of the distribution or how the distribution changes with the observation window . For this first experiment  , we report three different measures to capture the extent to which grades were assigned correctly: the Pearson product-moment correlation r and two other measures of interest to testing agencies  , the proportion of cases where the same score was assigned Exact and the proportion of cases where the score assigned was at most one point away from the correct score Adjacent. For the importance of time in repeat consumption  , we show that the situation is complex. Had the transformation to be carried out on the XML transfer syntax  , many of those component properties would need to be collected cumbersomely. Next  , we consider the graph pattern in the first loop. Like Q-learning. The user can search for the k most similar files based on an arbitrary specification. b represents the numbero f states explored and the trial  , in which an equilibrium was found  , as a functions of the initial value of α. games with the opponent modeling via fictitious play. Cross-language information retrieval CLIR has emerged as an important research area since the amount of multilingual web resources is increasing rapidly. The Pearson correlation coefficient between the width and the depth of a tree is 0.60  , which suggests that the largest trees are also the deepest ones. Therefore  , the positional error can be clearly evaluated wherever the end of the arm is located in the workspace. Our work focuses on two main areas  , the first is devising a method for combining text annotations and visual features into one single MPEG-7 description and the second is how best to carry out text and nontext queries for retrieval via a combined description. Direct comparison to techniques based on language modeling would be more difficult to interpret because vector space and language modeling handle issues such as smoothing and DF differently. These search based methods work only for low-dimensional systems because their time/space complexity is exponential in the dimension of the explored set. White et al. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. In the model  , bags-of-visual terms are used to represent images. Note that our model is different from the copying models introduced by Simon 17  in that the choice of items in our model is determined by a combination of frequency and recency. For topic 78  , query expansion also reduces the variation due to restatement but the two expansion systems do this differently. Observe that new required order properties are generated by:  NOP if its child is a Sort operator i.e. Experimental results on two real datasets with semantic labels show that LFH can achieve much higher accuracy than other state-of-the-art methods with efficiency in training time. , at the University of California Lampson/Sturgis 76  , Cambridge Needham 72  , RA/LABORiA Ferrie 76  , Plessey Telecommunications England 74  , SRI Robinson 75  , and others at Carnegie-Mellon University Habermann 76  , Jones 77  , and in the continuing work on the Multics system Schroeder 77. problem and learns a policy to achieve the desired configuration using Q-learning; this learning may be achieved using a combination of simulation and real-world trials. , by interacting with the environment. 11. The planner selects the candidate for the subgoal  , at random in the search space defined around &nd see dashed circle in Fig.3. The necessary conditions for stability of vergence eye movements are obtained from However  , because the passivity theorem is only a sufficient condition  , then having the transfer function non-passive does not necessarily imply instability . Data page size is 4096 bytes. This similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation coefficient between their rating vectors. This text similarity approach is also used in userspecified search queries: A user's query is treated just as another document vector  , allowing matching artifacts to be sorted by relevance based on their degree of similarity to the search query. Section 2 extends Elfes' 2-D probabilistic mapping scheme to 3-D space and describes a framework for workspace modeling using probabilistic octrees. We can obtain multiple search results rankings by sending multiple subqueries constructed in Query making to an SE. While this order is good for reducing transfer time  , it is preferable to fetch fragments in their storage order when the goal is to reduce seek cost. Based on the estimates of model parameters and the software metrics data  , the predictive likelihood function at the τ + 1-st increment is given by Figure 1depicts the architecture of our semantic search approach. The time savings would be crucial in real-world applications when the category space is much larger and a real-time response of category ranking is required . Existing tools like RepeatMasker 12 only solve the problem of pattern matching  , rather than pattern discovery without prior knowledge. A query usually provides only a very restricted means to represent the user's intention. As independent input variables  , we provided single-vote averages and covered range  , both appearing as first-order and second-order polynomials  , i.e. , integers  , but it also implies some control structure to sequence 154 Thus  , operators on such large-grain data structures imply some kind of extended control structure such as a loop  , a sequence of statements  , a recursive function  , or other. Hub objects very often appear in the k-NNs of other objects  , and therefore  , are responsible for determining many recommendations . +  are normalization factors such that Dt+1 and˜Dt+1and˜ and˜Dt+1 remain probability distributions. Still  , these repositories need to keep evolving in order to avoid techniques over-fitting the body of artifacts available and to better represent the universe of artifacts. The method of variable mapping of master t o slave motion was successfully applied to manipulation assistance in a cylindrical environment. anchor elements contain a location specifier LocSpec 17  typically identifying a text selection with a regular expression. 2  , we also extend it with two commonly used strategies  , i.e. Also  , they support the regular expression style for features of words. maximum heap space  , and the numbers of MultiExprs and ExprXlasses in the logical and physical expression spaces at the end of optimization. Sheridan et al. Since deterministic regular expressions like a * define infinite languages  , and since every non-empty finite language can be defined by a deterministic expression as we show in the full version of this paper 9  , it follows that also the class of deterministic regular expressions is not learnable in the limit.   , denotes the Pearson correlation of user and user . A final problem of particular relevance to the database community is the manifest inability of NLIs to insure semantic correctness of user queries and operations. In addition  , the friction loss is very small due to no wire folding at each joint. Therefore  , there are no differences in drive characteristics hetween vertical and horizontal directions   , and so this new joint system provides smoother drive compared with the active universal joint described in our previous reports. 630 where Φ 1 and Φ 2 are relations representing variable assignments and their annotations. In this section  , we investigate how subjects' initial evaluations varied according to information problem type and query length RQ2. The time and space complexity of IMRank with the generalized LFA strategy is low. The research goal of the project is to test the hypothesis that this deep customization can lead to dramatic improvements in teaching and learning. Figure 6 : One wave length error detection using the reflection model. – automatic audio annotations coming from emotional states recognition for example fear  , neutral  , anger. Section 7 and 8 compare our system with structural query translation and MTbased CLIR. As for those with complex answer patterns  , we try to locate answer candidates via partial pattern matching. The maximal property overcomes some of the challenges of the other itemset mining approaches  , such as the possibility of producing an exponential number of frequent sub-itemsets. First  , was the existing state of the art  , Flat-COTE  , significantly better than current deep learning approaches for TSC ? In conclusion  , our study opens a promising direction to question recommendation. For every search result from SERPs we collected two variants of bad snippets. We also found that adding implicit state information that is predicted by our classifier increases the possibility to find state-level geolocation unambiguously by up to 80%. All of the subsystem commands developed for the generic MI were implemented with C++ functions and all data transfer and data conversions are handled by Orbix.  Google∼Web: Google search on the entire Web with query expansion. The RNN with LSTM units consists of memory cells in order to store information for extended periods of time. to any application. The whole collection can now be viewed as a set of x  , y pairs  , which can be viewed as samples from a probabilistic model. Instead  , we utilize the information from several users to create search behavior clusters  , in which users participate. One reason for this result could be that our general prediction model does not depend upon " clientside " data  , such as activity on SERPs and content pages  , which was unavailable  , whereas the task-specific prediction models depend upon such data. In particular  , many researchers have focused on isolating synchronization behaviors in response to timing changes. Our intuition is derived from the observation that the data in two domains may share some common topics  , since the two domains are assumed to be relevant. Mutual information is a measure of the statistical dependency between two random variables based on Shannon' s entropy and it is defined as the following: To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . In order to relax these assumptions and to avoid the difficulties imposed by separate indexing and retrieval models  , we have developed an approach to retrieval based on probabilistic language modeling. Finally  , the time complexity of IMRank is OnT dmax log dmax  , where T is the number of iterations IMRank takes before convergence. It is obvious that high Recall levels can be reached with massive query expansion  , but automatic query expansion tends to deteriorate Precision as well  , so the challenge is to find stemming methods which improve Recall without a significant loss in Precision. Thus  , improvements in retrieval quality that address intrinsically diverse needs have potential for broad impact. We first point out when we apply deep learning to the problems  , we in fact learn representations of natural language in the problems. The latest comment prior to closing the pull request matches the regular expression above. The rules with extensional predicates can be handled very naturally in our framework. We used strongly typed genetic programming The specific primitives added for each problem are discussed with setup of the the initial population  , results of crossover and mutation  , and subtrees created during mutation respectively . In this section we will focus on three sources from which equations with extra variables can arise and on how CEC deals with these cases. Concatenation   , alternation  , and transitive closure are interpreted as function composition  , union  , and function transitive closure respectfully. ICTNETVS06 uses Random Forest text classification model  , the result is the sum of voting. For different values of maxlength  , AUPlan clearly represents a tradeoff between the optimal solution OptPlan and the Q-learning based solution QPlan. 1 Several of the design metrics are ratios and many instances show zero denominators and therefore undefined values. It is clear that this particular view selection may not be optimal . It also became clear that developers want to use high-level structural concepts e.g. Consequently we introduced a user mode which helps limit the number of options shown  , given a particular mode. While most of the folding simulations to date have been relatively small  , focusing on runs of short  , engineered proteins  , large-scale simulations such as Folding@Home 13 have come online and are expected to generate a tremendous amount of data. Using such data presentation i.e. However  , mapping an inherently high-dimension data set into a low-dimension space tends to lose the information that distinguishes the data items. Average precision values are given in table 7. In the rest of the paper Σ is a finite alphabet of symbols also called element names. This NBD-based similarity was calculated as 1 − NWDx  , y  , with NWDx  , y calculated as specified in Definition 2  , using the Microsoft Bing Search API 4 as a search engine. ?. Query expansion  , such as synonym expansion  , had shown promising results in medical literature search. All 49 regular expressions were successfully derived by iDRegEx. 0.25  , which are defined by experiences. Thii attribute enables DBLEARN to output such statistical statements as 8% of all students majoring in Sociology are Asians. On Wikipedia data  , shown in the lower part of Table  3  , we find similar relations. For the CONTIGUOUS method the answer is always: 1; the dashed line corresponds to this performance  , and is plotted for comparison purposes. The recursive method SPLIT introduced in Fig. Figure 8 shows the agreement measured for each of the news categories   , together with the Pearson correlation and the corresponding level of significance. Pearson Correlation Coefficient between user u and v is: It measures the similarity between users based on their normalized ratings on the common set of items co-rated by them. By probing multiple buckets in each hash table  , the method requires far fewer hash tables than previously proposed LSH methods. On the other hand  , it is also misleading to imply that even if extreme events such as financial crises and societal revolutions cannot be predicted with any useful accuracy 54  , predictive modeling is counterproductive in general. The learned parameter can be then used to estimate the relevance probability P s|q k  for any particular aspect of a new user query. The third LS is taken from Wilensky's and Phelps article in D-Lib Magazine from July 2000 11. For example  , with reference to Figure 2: if the cursor lies within the framed region  , then an R command will replace Figure 2with Figure 1; if the cursor is outside the framed region  , then an R command with replace Figure 2with "queen problem" The D command allows the cursor to go beyond the boundary of the current abstraction  , a sort of return command for an abstraction. In cross-language IR either documents or queries have to be translated. This is called the ambiguity problem in CLIR. We used the modified Apte  " ModApte "  split  , which divides the collection into 9  , 603 training documents ; 3  , 299 test documents; and 8  , 676 unused documents. Our proposed models further improve upon the Baseline  , Multi-task.  A deeper investigation confirms our intuition that defective entities have significantly stronger connections with other defective entities than with clean entities. The classifier was trained to be conservative in handling the Non-Relevant categorization. The last one was the model that best fitted D δ   , and its parameters are presented in Table 2  , along with the goodness of fitting measure Adjusted-R 2 . Various other theorists introduced the concept of Entropy to general systems. Additionally  , contrary to classical approaches in statistics that rather assess the modification of two nested models  , Chordalysis-Mml can assess models in isolation. In comparison to Balmin  , Hristidis  , and Papakonstantinou  , 2004 where random walks are used on a document semantic similarity graph  , our work uses the authorship information to enhance keyword search. First we calculate the function: As a second strategy of query expansion  , we exploited the hierarchical relationship among concepts. A cutoff value p 5 0.05 was used to decide whether to continue segmentation. Thus  , LSH can be employed to group highly similar blocks in buckets  , so that it suffices it compare blocks contained in the same bucket. In this section we describe the methods that we use to compute the similarity between pairs of search tasks  , how we mine similar tasks  , and the features that we generate for ranking. Although the most popular is still undoubtedly the vector space model proposed by Salton 19   , many new or complementary alternatives have been proposed  , such as the Probabilistic Model 16. used six electrodes mounted on target muscles and a support vector machine was employed as a classifier 2. This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . In contrast  , in this paper we propose a novel parameterized query expansion model that applies parameterized concept weighting to both the explicit and the latent query concepts. It was always clear that any additional terms obtained by expansion would only be as good as the initial query terms. We generate 20 randomly seeded synthetic graphs from each model for each target graph  , and measure the differences between them using several popular graph metrics. Each pair of connected subtopic candidates is an integrated subtopic. We found a positive correlation between the expected level of emotional intelligence and agreement for robots using the honorific r=.358  , n=165  , p<0.01  , and knowing how to bow r=.435  , n=164  , p<0.01. Both of these models estimate the probability of relevance of each document to the query. Web services search is mainly based on the UDDI registry that is a public broker allowing providers to publish services. For multidimensional index structures like R-trees  , the question arises what kind of ordering results in the tree with best search performance. In order to scale the system up  , we propose several dimensionality reduction techniques to reduce the number of features in the user view. Assume that we have a search engine providing a search box with sufficient space  , where the user can enter as a query the title of a course along with the course topics. The access interface need only maintain a relatively simple mapping between object identifiers and storage locations. The term selection relies on the overall similarity between the query concept and terms of the collection rather than on the similarity between a query term and the terms of the collection. The other is that Repeatable also handles loops that arise from user interaction with the dom. Daikon 4.6.4 is an invariant generator http://pag.csail.mit.edu/daikon/. The aim of the classical element and frequency response experiments is to let the shdents comprehend the concepts in control theory. The operator communicates to the robot via four hand signs: point  , preshape  , halt  , and estop emergency stop. Ambiguous strings are handled at the same time. One approach to reducing the number of choice interactions that must be considered is described by Low 'Low  , 1974. Amir et al. For new user recommendation in our scenario  , we take the transpose of the collaborative matrix A as input and supply user features instead of items features. There is considerable variation within each run -the standard deviation is as much as 15 percent in initial rotational velocity and 5 percent in initial translational velocity. Consider a two class classification problem. Our empirical results with the real-world click-through data collected from a commercial search engine show that our proposed model can model the evolution of query terms similarity accurately . In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios   , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought 5. A hybrid methodology that uses simulated annealing and Lagrangian relaxation has recently been developed to handle the set-up problem in systems with three or more job classes ll. The approach to searching these huge spaces has been to apply heuristics to effectively reduce the extent of the space. This simple but extremely flexible prioritization scheme includes as a special case the simpler strategies of breadth-first search i.e. Formally  , we denote the goodness function based on MDLP as GF MDLP . Finally  , GGGP was applied to create reference models. With the computed weights  , the similarity in PCC method is computed as: In our experiments  , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. Therefore  , surface level similarity measures such as Cosine or Jaccard will fail to identify relevant propositions. Such a set is identified either as a frequent set  , or as attributes having a large value in a column of the A matrix in ICA or NMF or as attributes w having a large value of P w|z in PLSA. The RBMs are stacked on top of each other to constitute a deep architecture. The model for mapping is learned using a training set of transcribed annotations. The popularity increase is much more sudden under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model. 2 reported that hubness emerges because k-NNs are computed in high dimensional spaces. The above sample distribution illustrates the number of documents from the sample of un-retrieved documents that had a similarity to the merged feature vector of the top 2000 retrieved results. There was a slight topic effect: for two topics both median and mode scores were 51-60%  , for one topic the median and mode was 61-70% and for another topic the median score was 41-50% with multiple modes of 31-40%  , 41- 50% and 51-60%. We do not provide the expressions for computing the gradients of the logarithm of the likelihood function with respect to the configurations' parameters  , because such expressions can be computed automatically using symbolic differentiation in math packages such as Theano 3. Future work will put these findings to a practical application for selective approaches to PRF-AQE  , or in the selection of a baseline model to optimize a system's overall performance given the conditions of a particular query. This presented a major challenge to our strategy of generating HTML pages whenever new data arrived  , since the HTML generator had no way of knowing what user would request the page. This year We have tested two different methods for query expansion based on DbPedia and UMLS. Under the bag-of-words assumption  , the generative probability of word w in document d is obtained through a softmax function over the vocabulary: Each document vector is trained to predict the words it contains. Particularly  , we investigate an inductive learning method – Genetic Programming GP – for the discovery of better fused similarity functions to be used in the classifiers  , and explore how this combination can be used to improve classification effectiveness . According to Figure 3g  , without any query expansion but simply compared with query Q  , the performance is far from optimistic. the above procedure probabilistically converges to the optimal value function 16. Hence  , LI Binary LIB can be computed by: In particular  , the list of ISs and generic information about them  , such as their name  , a brief textual description of their content  , etc. Relevance Judgments In our experiment  , the data are labeled for evaluating QA general retrieval in the following two ways: by using the TREC factoid answer patterns  , and  , independently  , manually in order to validate the pattern-based automatic labels. Our first corpus contained the complete runs of the ACM International Conference on Digital Libraries and the JCDL conference  , and the complete run of D-Lib Magazine see Table  2. it changes the schema of the contained elements. The format of OM regex is consistent with other lexicons in that each entry is composed of a regular expression and associated polarity and strength. Therefore  , it is important to locate interesting and meaningful relations and to rank them before presenting them to the user. For the former  , the average precision was 0.28  , and for the latter 0.20. None of the classical methods perform as well. Short titles may mislead the results  , specially generic titles such as Genetic Programming  , then we add the publication venue title to this type of query. The remaining pd-graphs are obtained by subsequent folding of paths GSe5G5  , G53e4e3G2  , G4ezGz53  , and GlelG4253. Our new approach focuses on the data  , the term-document matrix X  , ignoring query-speciic information at present. This work provides an integrated view of qualitatively effective similarity search and performance efficient indexing in text; an issue which has not been addressed before in this domain. Query trees present the same limitations as 15   , and are also not capable of expressing if/then/else expressions; sequences of expressions since we require that the result of the query always be an XML document; function applications; and arithmetic and set operations. To obtain a usable likelihood function L  , it is required to collect a sufficient amount of real-world data to approximate the values of µ  , τ  , σ for each distribution D i . However  , applying the probabilistic IR model into legal text retrieval is relatively new. From the standpoint of retrieval theory  , the presumption has been that relevance should be explicitly recognized in any formal model of retrieval. First  , we need more research into which effectiveness measures best capture what users want autonomous classifiers to do. One key question is how to determine the weights for kernel combination. The basic underlying assumption is that the same word form carries the same semantic meaning. This paper looks at the three grand probabilistic retrieval models: binary independent retrieval BIR  , Poisson model PM  , and language modelling LM. This just means that the mask update rate would be slower than the object localization update r a k . give a survey on the overall architecture of DOLORES and describe its underlying multimedia retrieval model. system  , with rules maximizing recall  , 2 Pass the grammar annotated data through an ML system based on Carreras  , X. et al  , 2003  , and 3 In the spirit of Mikheev  , A. et al  , 1998 perform partial matching on the text. It is expected n-gram based query expansion will improve with other query formulation techniques  , different query component weighting and other word match measures. This is due to very few documents being popular across different regions. Each of the 41 QA track runs ~ ,vas re-scored using the pattern matching judgments. Suppose we want to compute a trajectory be:ween an initial and a final configuration. It is often easier to recognize patterns in an audio signal when samples are converted to a frequency domain spectrogram using the Fast Fourier Transform FFT 3  , see Fig. Q-Learning is known to converge to an optimal Q function under appropriate conditions 10. Second  , Simulated Annealing SA starts at a random state and proceeds by random moves  , which if uphill  , are only accepted with certain probability. The experimental setup is shown in Fig. The details will be presented in Section 4. Collingbourne et al. The mapping of feasible initial-state perturbations around a nominal initial state x 0 to sensor-observation perturbations is given by the observability matrix Let the columns of the matrix N span the null-space of B. where µt and Σt are prior mean and prior covariance matrix respectively. Adding then becomes a sequence of Boolean operations: we intersect the value to add with the " adder " BDD and remove the original value by existential quantification. Though PLSA components of Table 6cover only 4% of the data  , they are quite interesting. Based on the observation that the CLIR performance heavily relies on the quality of the suggested queries  , this benchmark measures the quality of CLQS in terms of its effectiveness in helping CLIR. Finally we show the performance of our evaluation method for five different search engine tests and compare the results with fully editorially judged ∆DCG. Utility of combining query removal and query expansion for IR. Finally  , the distribution of θ is updated with respect to its posterior distribution. This is a typical decoding task  , and the Viterbi decoding technique can be used. The optimization yields the optimal path and exploits the available kinematic and actuator redundancy to yield optimal joint trajectories and actuator forces/torques. The purpose of this run was to evaluate the impact of query expansion and query removal on the IR performance. However  , whether the balance can be achieved by genetic programming used by GenProg has still been unknown so far. Specifically   , even after being learned on a wealth of training data for a user  , the system could suffer from over-fitting and " cold-start " problem for new visitors the Web site. For example  , the first row describes an example pattern to identify candidate transactional objects . Finally  , K query partitions are created by assigning the queries in the i th bucket of any pattern to query partition i. The files are populated with 100 ,000 keys and the clients retrieve 1000 random keys in each experiment  , start@ each time with an empty image of the file. The argument to the PATH-IS function is a regular expression made up from operation names. On the other hand  , some discovered topics do not have a clear relationship with the initial LIWC categories  , such as the abbreviations and acronyms in Discrepancy category. Higher bounds 14GB and four hours were used for BoundedBuffer in order to evaluate the PRSS technique on a program with a larger state-space. The hydraulic servo valve and joint transfer function plant models are for different arm postures and for different command levels. This is importmt in a CLIR environment. The table shows that the class of context-free languages is closed for a large proportion of the functions in PHP and thus they can be eliminated from a grammar. We can make the following observations. Figure 7shows the trajectory taken by the wheelchair green when the user attempts to follow a leader blue. The left side shows one of the random split experiments from Table 6with a Pearson correlation of >0.6. 1 We also extend this approach to the history-rewrite vector space to encourage rewrite set cohesiveness by favoring rewrites with high similarity to each other. In addition  , other dictionaries were built to perform query expansion. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 40 . The above equation does not include joint friction. In the probabilistic setting of PLSA  , the goal is to compute simultaneous estimates for the probability mass functions P5 over f~ for all 5 E ~. Nagelkerke pseudo R 2 was 0.35  , which hints that the model explains about 35 % of the variation in interest scores. For example  , using gray level histogram  , a checker-board b/w pattern of 2x2 squares will have the same entropy as one with 4x4 squares covering an equal area although the latter contains more information. Qrtickvort and replacement selection are two in-memory sorting methods that arc commonly used in external sorts. 6 for large datasets is to use mini-batch stochastic gradient descent. One Arabic monolingual run and four English-Arabic cross-language runs were submitted. Resolution strategies are developed as a method of " finding " a consistent ontology that meets the needs of the ontology engineer. Recursive splitting due to parent page overflows are handled in the same way. Usage of correct translations shall help reveal the necessity of translation. Then  , we extracted a random sample of the search sessions of those " switching-tolerant " users from the period under study. Representing games as graphs of abstract states or positions has been a common practice in combinatorial game theory and computer science for decades 15  , 14 . Among them hash-based methods were received more attention due to its ability of solving similarity search in high dimensional space. A pure relevance-based based model finds relevance by using semantic information. The Pearson correlation between the elements of M and MΦ is However  , we use Kendall-τ as our final evaluation measure for comparing the rankings of systems produced by full set and a subset of queries. semantic sets measured according to structural and textual similarity. CYCLADES includes a recommender system that is able to recommend a collection to a user on the basis of his own profile and the collection content  , so all resources belonging to a collection are discovered together. This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. Finally  , we aim to show the utility of combining query removal and query expansion for IR. The difficulty is that in a complex image context  , the target boundary is usually a global energy minimum under certain constraints for instance  , constraints of target object interior characteristics instead of the actual global energy minimum contour. The function stop_xss removes these three cases with the regular expression replacements on lines 531  , 545  , and 551  , respectively. Section 4 is the result discussion. Automated repair techniques have received considerable recent research attentions. To understand this property  , consider the paradigm used by previous skyline evaluation techniques  , such as Block Nested Loops 4 and Sort-First Skyline 9 . One of our contributions is that we propose to use hierarchical regularization to avoid overfiting. This similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation coefficient between their term weight vectors unlike the rating vectors described in Section 3.2.1. Without any English OOV terms  , our translated queries achieved 86.7% of the monolingual result. In Information Retrieval Modelling  , the main efforts have been devoted to  , for a specific information need query  , automatically scoring individual documents with respect to their relevance states. Holmes et al. First  , we need a basic assumption of what the distributions will look like. Transforming missing values can be done by imputing by mean of the variable and this imputation may be erroneous due to the outliers in the same variable. One promising method is LCS longest common subsequence and another skipgrams 8. A wildcard in a regular expression is associated in the SMA to a transition without a proper label: in other terms  , a transition that matches any signal  , and thus it fires at every iteration. , 2. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. The uncertain plant is described as the second-order transfer function This is a somewhat contrived example as it has been built to stress issues due to real parametric uncertainties. We call this tree the LSH Tree. Therefore  , it can be computed off-line and used as a look-up table  , forming the following pseudo-code: The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. We use the entire 1.2k labeled examples   , which are collected in December 2014  , to train a Random Forest classifier. But combining these sources would presumably improve effectiveness of CTIR  , much as evidence combination has aided CLIR 25. We also experimented with proper nouns in query expansion. The conceptual definition of pattern matching implies finding the existence of parent node such that when evaluating XPath P with that parent node as a context node yields the result containing the testing node to which template is applicable. It uses a non-logic based textual similarity to discover services. K2 uses a simple incremental search strategy: it first searches for the best These results show that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D learns the concept of distance to the previous click  , although this information is not explicitly provided in the document representation. Using the learned sensorimotor mapping and body ima.ge  , the robot chooses an action in the sensorimotor space to circumnavigate obstacles and reach goals. Together with the self-learning knowledge base  , NRE makes a deep injection possible. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from the transactional data TransC i  for the segmentation level models  , and compare its performance with the performance results obtained in Section 4. For patterns longer than 50 characters  , this version never reported a match. This step performs the intrusion detection task  , matching each test pattern to one of the classes i.e. GenProg 2 has the ability of fixing bugs in deployed  , legacy C programs without formal specifications. To overcome the problem of data sparsity  , earlier systems rely on imputation to fill in missing ratings and to make the rating matrix dense 28. c RBBDF matrix Figure 1: An example of RBBDF structure sparsity  , frequent model retraining and system scalability. While this heuristic captures some information about obstacles in the environment  , it does not account for the orientation of the robot. Basically  , defuzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control action defined over an universe of discourse into a space of non-fuzzy control actions. Finally  , we would like to explore applications of our model in other tasks  , such as Topic Detection and Tracking  , and in other languages. the person in charge For promptly sending warning messages to the person in charge  , a message delivery mechanism is designed in the Watchdog component. Table 8compares results for some fixed level arrays reported in 22 . The results show that dialect similarity can also affect retrieval performance. An Evidential Terminological Random Forest ETRF is an ensemble of ETDTs. Specifically  , the following fairness considerations are reflected in our policy: l a sort should not allocate more memory than needed. However  , sufficient knowledge to select substructures to characterize the desired molecules is required  , so the similarity search is desired to bypass the substructure selection. We compare our new method to previously proposed LSH methods – a detailed comparison with other indexing techniques is outside the scope of this work. For each URL in our train and test sets  , we provided a feature to fRank which was how many times it had been visited by a toolbar user. For instance  , if we know that the search concept is clouds  , we can weight the blue channel and texture negation predicates more heavily to achieve better search results. We employ stochastic gradient descent to learn the parameters   , where the gradients are obtained via backprop- agation 12  , with fixed learning rate of 0.1. x ⊕ y concatenates x and y. splitter is a position in a string or a regular expression  , leftx  , splitter is the left part of x after splitting by splitter. etfidf: This simple baseline is to use cosine similarity between query and resources in tfidf scheme. A cost-based optimizer can consider the various options available and decide on the overall best plan. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. to represent a navigation structure in a Web shop. The rectangles labeled LSTM denote the long short-term memory block 20 that is used to alleviate the vanishing and exploding gradient problem 2. Due to its enhanced query planner  , the tree-aware instance relies on operators to evaluate XPath location steps  , while the original instance will fall back to sort and index nested-loop join. Results for such queries are shown in column TLC-O for the second group of queries q1-q2. Figure 6 compares the emotion prediction results on the testing set. The example exhibits the use of recursive relationships assemblies and their component parts  , weak entities vendor locations  , and potentially null flelds structure description  , vendor status. 4.2.2 Proposed Method: "Switching-Q": For cases in­ volving complex problems  , such as a robot's navigati on learning  , some hierarchical learning methods have bee n proposed 9  , 10  , 11  , etc. First  , we propose a specific query expansion method. 3-grams CharGrams 3 comes in third with an F1 score of 95.97. Label matching in existing semistructured query languages is straightforward. The pro­ posed method for graph folding is one of the solutions allowed by the general concept of state safety testing. function: All keybord interaction except the function keys is directed to the dialog object. Tweets and Profiles can be represented by word2vec knowledge base as follow , The regular expression for word specifies a non-empty sequence of alphanumerics  , hyphens or apostrophes  , while the sentence recognize simply looks for a terminating period  , question mark  , or exclamation point. We tested the two BMEcat conversions using standard validators for the Semantic Web  , presented in Section 3.1. In fact  , the performance of regularization with click logs is still decent ; testing for significance of the difference between run G C and run pLSA has a p-value of 0.077 for ERR-IA@20 and 0.059 for α-nDCG@20. Within the WSMT we cater for such users and provide them with additional features including syntax highlighting  , syntax completion  , in line error notification  , content folding and bracket highlighting. RQ4: Do the modified text similarity functions improve the ranking performance  , when compared with the original similarity function in 28 ? To demonstrate how an application can add new facts to the YAGO ontology  , we conducted an experiment with the knowledge extraction system Leila 25 . We also can define image features as a mapping from C. This means that a robot trajectory in configuration space will yield a trajectory in the image feature space. In our ongoing experiments we are investigating both of these techniques  , however the experiments described here focus only on query expansion. Financial data  , such as macro-economic indicator time series for countries  , information about mergers and acquisition M&A deals between companies  , or stock price time series  , is typically stored in relational databases  , requiring domain expertise to search and retrieve. It is easy to see that NetPLSA shares the same hidden variables with PLSA  , and the conditional distribution of the hidden variables can still be computed using Equation 8. Tabuchi et al. where µ is a discount factor that defines how trustworthy the new observations are. The interleaving of random and symbolic techniques is the crucial insight that distinguishes hybrid concolic testing from a na¨ıvena¨ıve approach that simply runs random and concolic tests in parallel on a program. A second way of reranking is to compute for each of the results returned by the search engine its similarity to the text segment and to rerank the search results according to the similarity score. In order to investigate larger spaces  , randomized search strategies have been proposed to improve a start solution until obtaining a local optimum. To evaluate our proposal  , we implemented two use cases that allowed us to produce a large quantity of product model data from BMEcat catalogs. New strategies have to be developed to predict the user's intention. , often in high dimensional space exhaustively between the query example and every candidate example is impractical for large applications. Since it is hard to pick up the signals during contact phase  , we cannot use the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT technique which converts the signal from time-domain to frequencydomain . When we embarked on this line of research  , we did not find any publications addressing the area of Cross-Lingual Text Categorization as such. It also appears that  , with this approach  , additional bilingual lexicons and parallel text improve performance substantially in spite of the increased ambiguity. It i s shown that the resulting index yields an I10 performance which is similar to the 1 1 0 optimized R-tree similarity join and a CPU performance which is close to the CPU optimized R-tree similarity join. Finally  , the third recursive case concerns the availability of both negative and positive examples. The bottom-up approach can be understood by the following signature of the Optimizer method. In other words  , even if some slots cannot be matched  , the bigram model can still yield a high match score by combining those matched slots' unigram probabilities. This effect can be explained by the low number of training queries relative to the number of features in the latter case. Next we examined transitive retrieval to gauge its impact on notranslation CLIR. Tradeoff: It identifies and presents results that characterize a tradeoff between the size and sophistication of the search space and the ability of the patch generation system to identify correct patches. From these examples  , and considering the range of struc­ tures we are interested in creating  , we identify four principle requirements for a viable self-folding method: I sequential folding  , II angle-controlled folds  , III slot-and-tab assem­ bly  , and IV mountain-valley folding. able for short  , context-inadequate queries. Therefore  , unpopular pages get significantly less traffic than under the random-surfer model  , so it takes much longer time for a page to build up initial momentum. Overall  , Pearson correlation coefficient between Eye-tracking and ViewSer groups computed for each individual result was 0.64  , which indicates substantial cor- relation. The closed loop frequency response is shown in figure 7. where  , controller  , and neglecting small higher order terms  , the total transfer function can be represented as the secmd order system. We point out some design constraints on the configuration of the coils and the permanent magnets  , and discuss briefly calibration and accuracy of the motor. Specifically  , we assume that there exists a probability density function p : Π → 0  , 1   , that models the likelihood of each possible trajectory in Π being selected by each evader. The simplex attempts to walk downhill by replacing the 3741 vertex associated with the highest error by a better point. is the Jacobian matrix and is a function of the extrinsic and intrinsic parameters of the visual sensor as well as the number of features tracked and their locations on the image plane. Requirements of database management DB and information retrieval IR systems overlap more and more. After a certain period  , a generated realization of MCMC sample can be treated as a dependent sample from the posterior distribution. Attk is a regular expression represented as a DFA. In game theory  , a strategy is a method for deciding what move to make next  , given the current game state. For a given sample data set  , the number of possible model structures which may fit the data is exponential in the number of variables ' . We could use a tool such as grep to search for this.idIndex  , but such an approach is very crude and may match statements unrelated to the crash. Field studies of robots in educational facilities have used multiple Qrio humanoids along with the Rubi platform 2. In a study of simulated interactive query expansion  , Ruthven 25 demonstrated that users are less likely than systems to select effective terms for query expansion. For example  , our variants often include changes to control flow e.g. For this  , we consider how many hill climbing steps the approach requires at each level and how many grasps need to be compared in each of these steps. A conversation specification for S is a specification S e.g. The documents contain different sections  , with their corresponding headings. The first task  , namely the technology survey  , consists of 18 expert-defined natural language expressions of the information needed and the task is to retrieve a set of documents from a predefined collection that can best answer the questions. One argument in favour of AQE is that the system has access to more statistical information on the relative utility of expansion terms and can make better a better selection of which terms to add to the user's query. Even for a small distance between top and bottom levels of the search window  , the number of markings will grow exponentially as the window advances. However  , there is one important restriction of such XPath views: The XPath expression in the comparison has to be exactly the same as the view XPath expression. In this way  , concolic testing does eventually hit the coverage points in the vicinity of the random execution  , but the expense of exhaustive searching means that many other coverage points in the program state space can remain uncovered while concolic testing is stuck searching one part Figure 2 b switches to inexpensive random testing as soon as it identifies some uncovered point  , relying on fast random testing to explore as much of the state space as possible. Here  , L is the log-likelihood of the implicit topic model as maximized by pLSA. In the example at hand  , k=42 since every query and corresponding relevance set from SAWSDL-TC serves as a partition from the service set. Mandelbrot noticed extreme variability of second empirical moments of financial data  , which could be interpreted as nonexistence of the theoretical second moments  , i.e. In this paper  , we presented CyCLaDEs  , a behavioral decentralized cache for LDF clients. Note that 2.3 is a recursive call for a NE ?J ? They looked at two applications of query flow graphs: 1 identifying sequences of queries that share a common search task and 2 generating query recommendations. A dextrous manipulator is a robotic system composed of two or more cooperating serial manipulators. The size of the ensembles was chosen to allow for comparison with previous work and corresponds with those authors' recommendations. In this paper  , we focus on ranking the results of complex relationship searches on the Semantic Web. This goal is achieved by performing shallow semantic parsing. The sample is basically used for computing the skeleton of a kd-tree that is kept as an index in an internal node of the index structure as it is known from the X-tree BKK 96. , LinARX  , LogARX  , MultiLinReg  , and SimpleLinReg typically achieves high Pearson correlation i.e. For each token  , we look for the longest pattern of token features that matches with pattern rules. In an evaluation  , the authors found that the inclusion of different types of contextual information associated with an exception can enhance the accuracy of recommendations. One challenge in using deep learning to model rich user features is the high dimension of the feature space which makes the learning inefficient and may impact the generalization ability of the model. Another group of useful features are CLIR features. We will work on the opinion retrieval for blogs and focus on searching diversity of blogs. That way  , there is a set of contrast variables that we know are from the same distribution as the original variables and should have no relationship with our target variable Y since Z i is a 'shuffled' X i . For this purpose  , first  , a transfer function maps from possible voxel values to RGBA space  , defined by colors and opacity red  , green  , blue  , alpha. For query expansion  , we tried the classical blind relevance feeback to add new topically-similar terms to the query. 3  , uses query-expansion the favor recent tweets. The particular frequency domain profile typical of flexible iiianipulat.or transfer functions iiiade it a good candidate for on-line frequency est ,imation. One important application of predictive modeling is to correctly identify the characteristics of different health issues by understanding the patient data found in EHR 6. Each participant was asked to complete all of the 12 search tasks in a random order. In the case when only one token is allowed in a place as assumed here we substitute the place and its incident edges by one edge with a variable direction  , including no-direction. As of today  , the index quality of catalogues in scientific libraries is deplorable: Large parts of the inventory are not indexed and will probably never be  , since manual indexing is a time-consuming and thus expensive task. Since the subjects were instructed to favor accuracy over task time  , each trial was completed when the subject deemed that the closest fit hacl been attained. A guiding principle for us was that relevance of a topic should not be just based on individual terms or keywords  , such as genes or diseases  , but rather it should take into account the subject of the whole document. For every word in the vocabulary  , their relevance model gives the probability of observing the word if we first randomly select a document from the set of relevant documents  , and then pick a random word from it see Section 2.3 for a more formal account of this approach. Table 2 shows results on further metrics  , showing also the diversification of the popularity-based recommender baseline  , in addition to pLSA. We use a model that separates observed voting data into confounding factors  , such as position and social influence bias  , and article-specific factors. A combination of the downhill simplex method and simulated annealing 9 was used. It has also been extended to allow partial coverage of the required skills  , introducing a multi-objective optimization problem that is optimized using simulated annealing 8 . A contextaware Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. Transfer function of piezo displacement as input and output of charge amplifier as output Fig. 22 describe a method to compute pairwise similarity scores between queries based on the hypothesis that queries that co-occur in a search session are related. Interested readers can find a detailed solution in 7. Our last example see Figure 8 shows  , among other interesting features  , how one can push a Group that materializes the relationship between researchers and projects. The subjects varied in their ability to identify good expansion terms  , being able to identify 32% -73% of the good expansion terms. In the future we plan to apply deep learning approach to other IR applications  , e.g. The Spearman correlation coefficients are very similar  , and thus are omitted. In addition   , it also demotes the general question which was ranked at the 8th position  , because it is not representative of questions asking product aspects. We then review the basic DSSM model and discuss how it could be extended for our setting in Section 4; in Section 5  , we introduce the multi-view deep learning model in details and discuss its advantages ; in Section 6  , we discuss the dimension reduction methods to scale-up the model; in Section 7  , 8  , 9 & 10  , we present a comprehensive empirical study; we finally conclude in Section 11 and suggest several future work. Such overlap relationship characterizes the normal behavior of the application. However  , when we apply query expansion to GTT 1  , the MAP decreases  , but the recall increases slightly. The third area is user in- teraction. 1 and Eq. In this section  , we present some specific examples of the number of online retailers that could readily benefit from leveraging our approach. The PLM at a position of a document would be estimated based on the propagated word counts from the words at all other positions in the document. We use genetic programming to evolve program variants until one is found that both retains required functionality and also avoids the defect in question. The current implementation of the VLBG it is based upon a graph search technique derived from Dijkstra search. Since it is difficult  , in general  , to decide which junction belongs to the scene object of interest  , we matched all 21 features with the corresponding model ones. In our approach we represent the search for an expert as an absorbing random walk in a document-candidate graph. The twenty-tree indicators are : 2 indicators of instant energy  , 3 obtained by fast Fourier transform FFT  , 16 from the computation of mean power frequency MPF and  , others resulting from the energy spectrum of each component derived from the wavelet decomposition of the normalized EMG. Both methods use query expansion. For each of the questions  , only the top 50 documents were used. The standard probabilistic retrieval model uses three basic parameters  Swanson  , 1974  , 1975: The choice of a stack indicates our preference for a 'depth-first-search' exploration from the starting assembled configuration. δ represents a tunable parameter to favor either the centroid weight or the pattern weight. In order to identify the list of instructions to re-evaluate  , a pattern matching is performed on the entire re-evaluation rules set. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR needs to jointly optimize the tasks of translation and retrieval  , however   , it is standardly approached with a focus on one aspect. In addition to confirming the main hypothesis  , experiments also showed that Boolean conjunctive normal form CNF expansion outperforms carefully weighted bag of word expansion  , given the same set of high quality expansion terms. Property 1 Let Y be an identifier tidset of a cluster C. Then Y is closed. In To conclude the study in this paper  , noise and redundancy reduction is proposed and evaluated in the LLSF approach to documentto-categones mapping  , at the levels of words  , word combinations  , and word-category associations. Approaches that use pattern matching e.g. where we assume that a the preference is independent of the next card given the context and b the item action model is independent of the context given the item of interest to the user  , both of which are very reasonable in general. We c m directly transfer the calibrated joints value measured by the CyberGlove@ to the robot hand. The method is based on looking at the kinematic parameters of a manipulator as the variables in the problem  , and using methods of constrained optimization to yield a solution. After a document has been chosen it is removed from all rankings it occurs in and all softmax distributions are renormalized. It should be noted that local optimizing techniques  , such as hill climbing  , cannot be used here to find the global optimum  , due to the presence of local extrema. An alternative approach 14  , 18  , 1 1 tries to capture the topology of the free space by building a graph termed roadmap whose nodes correspond to random  , collision-free configurations and whose edges represent path availability between node pairs. The quantifiers define how many nodes from within the " left " set must be connected to how many nodes from the " right " set by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. K non-overlapped nodes with the largest relevance score are selected as subtopic candidates. Correspondingly  , the cost of the outer parent query block can vary significantly depending on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the tuples produced. Smoothing techniques can improve the search result. Since the positions of the acoustic landmarks are independent of the current position of a mobile robot  , we may localize the mobile robot by matching the newly acquired two dimensional pattern of the reflectors with that of the acoustic landmarks. In particular  , there are two sets of rules predicates which work together to identify the set of successor tasks. Finally  , we combine the proposed technique and various baselines under a machine learning model to show further improvements. Each sequence was used to train one threedimensional SOM. First  , for an input hyper-plane  , all the cluster boundaries intersect the hyper-plane are selected. More formally  , the forward mapping from the input space to the output space can be accomplished as follows. Good imaginability allows city dwellers to feel at home mental maps of good cities are economical of mental effort and  , as a result  , their collective well-being thrives Lynch 1960 . In Section 2 we describe related query expansion approaches. Other cases where query expansion helps include the query " depletion or destruction of the rain forest affected the worlds weather " . ln the experiments reported in this paper we have also incremented document scores by some factor but the differences between our experiment and Croft's work are the methods used for identifying dependencies from queries  , and the fact that syntactic information from document texts sentence a.nd phrase boundaries is used in our work. Since our new BWESG model learns to represent words from two different languages in the same shared cross-lingual embedding space  , we may use exactly the same modeling approach to monolingual and cross-lingual information retrieval. Others like 6 proposes a rule-based on-line scheduling system for an FMS that generates appropriate priority rules to select a transition to be fired from a set of conflicting transitions. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , there have been no attempts to prefetch RDF data based on the structure of sequential related Sparql queries within and across query sessions. For example  , a query with a regular path expression " chapter3/ */figure " is to find all figure elements that are included in chapter3 elements. Using pattern matching for NE recognition requires the development of patterns over multi-faceted structures that consider many different token properties e.g orthography  , morphology  , part of speech information etc. CLIR performance observed for this query set. The learned soft patterns are used to judge whether sentences are definitional. This result strongly indicates that we need to devise a new mechanism to " promote " new pages  , so that new pages have higher chance to be " discovered " by people and get the attention that they may deserve. They assume that an aligned query and document pair share the document-topic distribution. In any case  , whichever way has been followed to actually build the program  , it is illuminating to be able to study and examine it by increasing levels of details at the reader's convenience. Other ongoing research aimed at applying PCRs to ligand-protein binding and protein folding is reported in BSAOO  , SAOU. DOC measures the density of subspace clusters using hypercubes of fixed width w and thus has similar problems like CLIQUE. Martinson et a1 13  , worked with even higher levels of abstraction  , to coordinate high-level behavioral assemblages in their robots to learn finite state automata in an intercept scenario. Some question type has up to 500 patterns. Many projects have already demonstrated substantial success in applying this idea to crowdsourcing settings; this applies most prominently for games-with-a purpose GWAPs 27  , which build a game narrative around human computation tasks such as image labeling 26  , protein folding  , 5 or language translation. Questions QA pairs from categories other than those presented previously . They divide the abstract in two parts: the first  , static part showing statements related to the main topic of the document  , and weighted by the importance of the predicate of the triple  , while the second  , dynamic part shows statements ranked by their relevance to the query. In the ARCOMEM project 22 first approaches have been investigated to implement a social and semantic driven selection model for Web and Social Web content. It encompasses cultural heritage generally and is envisaged as 'semantic glue' mediating between different sources and types of information.  Query execution. The tree node corresponding to the last item of the sorted summary itemset represents a cluster  , to which the transaction T i belongs. The vertical axis is the location of passages in the book with page 1 at the top. As the exponential growth of web pages and online documents continues  , there is an increasing need for retrieval systems that are capable of dealing with a large collection of documents and at the same time narrowing the scope of the search results not only relevant documents but also relevant passages or even direct answers. We follow the explanation of the Q-learning by Kaelbling 8. In this paper we take the perspective of SaaS providers which host their applications at an IaaS provider. For one Web site  , when a page is presented in the browser window  , the passage positioned in the middle area of the window is regarded as a query  , and similarity-based retrieval is done for the other Web site. This approach combines the benefits of both the top-down exhaustive approach and the bottom-up approach. Compared with the baseline  , the performances for all K > 1 were significantly improved  , and the best performance was obtained when using K = 500. Statistical model selection tries to find the right balance between the complexity of a model corresponding to the number of parameters  , and the fitness of the data to the selected model  , which corresponds to the likelihood of the data being generated by the given model. The advantage of this calculation is its efficiency  , compared to that of WM1. In this section  , we will evaluate our proposed approaches extracting and improving time of synonyms  , and query expansion using time-based synonyms. As long as the batch is sampled in an unbiased fashion  , this procedure can be applied to provide an accurate estimate of the error rate for a given set of documents. Note  , that this maximization is a special case of the maximization of the posterior 3  , just that the likelihood becomes a constant. The Maximum a posteriori estimate MAP is a point estimate which maximizes the log of the posterior likelihood function 3. where pβ is the prior distribution as in Equation2. Cohn and Hofmann combine PLSA and PHITS together and derive a unified model from text contents and citation information of documents under the same latent space 4. The shared central servers are taken as the central servers for the new MDNs  , while the other central servers are discarded . This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. The described general procedure for pattern matching could utilize the entire history of data acquired durin g an assembly attempt. A consequence of this is that all regular expression variables appear in the head of any base rule. One study built on the Wing-Kristofferson model to propose various model-fitting techniques for synchronization cases 16. A second experiment dealt with score normalisation. A pattern matched in a relevant web page counts more than one matched in a less relevant one. On the other hand  , our TDCM model achieves significant better results on both platforms. In the evenings and on weekends people may more typically pursue other interests  , bringing them into situations with higher risk of injury and of placing additional strain on their bodies—and creating opportunity for unforeseen accidents. Triple Pattern Matching. In our within-subjects design  , the set of 24 scores for each of the first 4 statements about System A was compared with the corresponding set of 24 scores for each statement about System B. We show in this paper that this expectation does not hold in practice. Considering the complexity and heterogeneity of our data and the problem  , it is important to use the most suitable and powerful prediction model that are available. are in fact simple examples demonstrating the use of the system-under-test. Thus  , mapping an entity to a suboptimal random coordinate affects the spatial deviation of more blocks in DBPedia than in BTC09. We use the most recent 400 examples as hold-out test set  , and gradually add in examples to the training set by batches of size 50  , and train a Random Forest classifier. We provided the goal conformations heforehand  , and then searched in the roadmap for the minimum weight path connecting the extended amino acid chain to the final three­ dimensional structure. A recursive function POSITION generalizing the OFFSET example is defined to give the 3- dimensional offset and orientation of the PART relative to the beginning of a hierarchy. Specifically  , Fig- ure 1shows that the cost of a random read is only about two times of a sequential read in SSD. There have been extensive studies on the probabilistic model5 ,6 ,7 ,8. SYSTRAN is generally accepted as one of the best commercial MT systems for English-Spanish translation. The probability of observing the central sentence s m ,t given the context sentences and the document is defined using the softmax function as given below. We return to the issue of vocabulary coverage later in the paper. The results show that this new " translation " method is more effective than the traditional query translation method. We are planning to study a game-like interface for structurization. Note that the amplifier dynamics can be reasonably modeled by a constant delay time as long as the lowest frequency poles and zeros are above the driving frequencies of interest. A key idea of our term ranking approach is that one can generalize the knowledge of expansion terms from the past candidate ones to predict effective expansion terms for the novel queries. , 7 and 11. This problem is more serious than FELINE because it uses the bubble sort to recursively exchange adjacent tree nodes. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 2F shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. In our case  , the nodes of the graph are documents and the edge weights are defined as the closeness in location between two documents. * in popular regular expression syntaxes. Therefore  , by modeling both types of dependencies we see an additive effect  , rather than an absorbing effect. This indicates that an increase in the predicted value of the PREfast/PREfix defect density is accompanied by an increase in the pre-release defect density at a statistically significant level. Similar to most existing approaches  , our information extractor can only be applied to web pages with uniform format. These properties make it the ideal search strategy in an interactive CLIR environment. This component may also incorporate other query expansion strategies  , such as knowledge-based query expansion . So the translation between these constructs is straightforward. Cancel stops a search in progress. The model used to compose a project from software changes is introduced in Section 4; Section 5 describes the result of fitting such models to actual projects; Section 6 considers ways to validate these empirical results  , and Section 7 outlines steps needed to model other software projects. 7. In the teleoperation system  , we use the space mouse as the 3D input device  , which has six DOFs and can control the end point position and pose of the Staubli RX60 robot. Hence  , we use hierarchical softmax 6  , to facilitate faster training. Consider finding the corresponding decade for a given year. Note that the density of turns can be changed by regulating the gap widths of the valley folds  , which results in variation of the final height. The effectiveness of our query feature expansion is compared with state-of-the-art word-based retrieval and expansion models. For each substring  , the bounding boxes indicate the parts that match exactly with S 2 . We discuss the latter notion a bit more formally as it returns in the specification of XML Schema in the form of the Unique Particle Attribution rule. Therefore query expansion could be applied to symbols as it was done for keywords. Solving the problem requires using knowledge about the system  , which enable one to handle the factors being omitted under conventional formal procedures. Now the function of a probabilistic search and retrieval system is to combine those and other estimates and to predict  , for each item  , the probability that it would be one of the items wanted by the patron in question. The first case reflects when a correct morphological variant is not present in the spell-checker word list. The purpose is to support the tasks of monitoring  , control  , prognostics  , preventive maintenance  , diagnostics  , corrective maintenance  , and enhancement or engineering improvements. In this section  , we conduct a series of experiments to validate our major claims on the TDCM model. To capture how likely item t is to be an instance of a semantic class  , we use features extracted from candidate lists. Feature weights are learned by directly maximizing mean average precision via hill-climbing. Multi-level grouping can be efficiently supported in V ERT G . All the random forest ranking runs are implemented with RankLib 4 . As a similarity measure  , the commonly used Pearson correlation coefficient is chosen. At the minimum  , we hope that the OAI will create a framework for serious investigation of these issues and lay the 13 http://cinzica.iei.pi.cnr.it/cyclades/  , 14 http://www.clir.org/diglib/architectures/testbed.htm. In a poker game  , bluff strategy is usually dependent on the card hand strength. Let us start by introducing two representative similarity measures σc and σ based on textual content and hyperlinks  , respectively. The observed signals are divided in time into overlapping frames by the application of a window function and analyzed using the short-time Fourier transform STFT. For support vector machine  , the polynomial kernel with degree 3 was used. In our experiments  , we used SYSTRAN version 3.0 http://www.systransoft.com for query and document translation. This problem has been extended to cases in which potentially more than one member possessing each skill is required  , and where densitybased measures are used as objectives 9 ,15. This heuristic only searches over the 2D grid map of the base layer with obstacles inflated by the base inner circle. With regard to the unexpectedness of the highly relevant results relevancy>=4 Random indexing outperforms the other systems  , however hyProximity offers a slightly more unexpected suggestions if we consider only the most relevant results relevan- cy=5. In companies  , however  , for more than twenty years data mining has been used to retrieve information from corporative databases  , being a powerful tool to extract patterns of customer response that are not easily observable. For the embedding of comments we exploit the distributed memory model since it usually performs well for most tasks 8. Some common preferences include large clearance  , small rotation  , low curvature smoothness  , few sharp corners  , avoiding singularities for manipulators  , or low potential energies Tor ligand binding and protein folding see Table 2. These terms can be obtained using KE techniques that identify mentions i.e. As a result  , learning on the task-level is simpler and faster than learning on the component system level. In Random Forest  , we  already randomly select features when building the trees. Transitions t chk0 and t chk1 detect the condition under which the matching cannot continue e.g. By fitting a model to the generated time-series the AR coefficients were estimated. The position of the random item within the list of 11 items was randomly drawn for each owner. Sheridan differentiates between two types: those which use a time series extrapolation for prediction  , and those which do system modeling also including the multidimensional control input2. the Shannon entropy 15  , 16. These unavoidable characteristics of the multi-robot domain will necessarily limit the efficiency with which coordination can be achieved. Implementing these context variants allowed us to systematically evaluate the effectiveness of different sources of context for user interest modeling. Each column of V corresponds to one latent variable or latent semantic  , and by V T V = I we constrain that they are uncorrelated and each has unit variance 1 . It is organized as follows: Section 2 presents the question classification problem; Section 3 compares several machine learning approaches to question classification with conventional surface text features; Section 4 describes a special kernel function called tree kernel to enable the Support Vector Machines to take advantage of the syntactic structures of questions; Section 5 is the related work; and Section 6 concludes the paper. In the latter case  , a classifier is first trained on the initial editorial set. Table 4shows a comparison of the recall precision values for the English-Chinese CLIR experimental results. These methods have become very popular in recent years by combining good scalability with predictive accuracy. Then  , we give an overview of the grammar that underlies links specifications in LIMES and show how the resulting specifications can be represented as trees. For similarity search  , the sketch distances are directly used. We conjecture that current pattern matching applications may be hindered due to the rigidity of hard matching. Since BLAST-like servers know nothing about textual annotations  , one cannot search for similarity AND annotation efficiently. In particular  , suppose that peek and search are the features or operations to be added and that PeekCapability and SearchCapability are the interfaces that define these two features  , respectively. The error rate of a random forest depends on two factors: the correlation between trees in the forest and the strength of each individual tree. Using this method we find that 48 ,922 doorway pages in 526 abusive cloud directories utilize traffic spam techniques to manipulate the page relevance. We have demonstrated how to model the score distributions of a number of text search engines. We can understand them as rules providing mapping from input sensor space to motor control. But the problem of automatic regular expression grammar inference is known to be difficult and we generally cannot obtain a regular expression grammar using only positive samples 13  , like in our case. In many cases  , the presence of trivial modifications make such detection difficult  , since a simple equality test no longer suffices. Such a study will help identify good candidate pivot languages. Motivated by financial and statistical applications e.g. Assume we have two samples of diversification results in terms of α-nDCG@20. , experts  , non-experts  , and the automated computation scheme  , are considered as vectors where each component may adopt values between 1 and 4. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 1 is a simple method figure  1a in which bit vector representation for a data point object is obtained from projecting the data vector on several random directions   , and converting the projected values to {0  , 1} by thresholding. Montana's contact equations 4f are used to specify the evolution of contact points of the fingertips on the object at each time step. The SCHOLNET CS provides  , in addition to the advantages that have been discussed for CYCLADES a number of other specific advantages that derive from the combination of the collection notion with the specific SCHOLNET functionality. These concepts are contributing to an increasingly coherent object-oriented view of programming  , manifested in the language developments of the Alphard and CLU groups Jones/Liskov 76  , in the systems work of Hydra at Carnegie-Mellon Wulf 74  , Wulf 75 and similar systems e.g. Thus  , the operations of the domain abstract data types can be mixed freely with tuple operations in expressions and recursive function definitions. A good review of these approaches are presented in I. The second class of features attempt to capture the relevance of the snippet to the query. This method learns a random for- est 2  with each tree greedily optimized to predict the relevance labels y jk of the training examples. It is notable that the subsumption reasoning and indexing strategy actually performs only equally good compared to the baseline approach when no additional query expansion is used. Such words are more specific and more useful than the words in the original query for collection selection. The proofs are constructive and give explicit finger placements and folding motions. We can thus ob-tain a closed representation for each frequency band by performing a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT  , resulting in a set of 256 coefficients for the respective sine and cosine parts. Simulated anneahng has been used m a variety of apphcation areas to good effect Klrkpatrlck 83. By decreasing T gradually  , units tries possible reachable positions uniformly in earlier steps. However  , they differ in exploration of the search space and the size of the portion explored. In the conventional case  , the user provides a reference image  , and the infrastructure identifies the images that are most similar. Although in ToXin we can narrow the search by following only those label paths that match the regular expression in the query  , we still have to compute all continuous paths over them. However  , they all have the scalability problem mentioned above. We also tried several other  , more complex models  , without achieving significantly better model fitting. A regular expression is used to find a string representing a number either in words  , digits or a combination of the two. With this model  , we can reduce the effects of background words and learn a model which better captures words concentrating around users' collective interests. The lowdimensionality of the embeddings as compared to vector space models hundreds instead of millions make them an elegant solution to address lexical sparsity in settings with very few labels Turian et al. The information-theoretic measures commonly used to evaluate rule interestingness are the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , the average mutual information 12 often simply called mutual information  , the Theil uncertainty coefficient 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12 cf. In Oard's hierarchical classification scheme of the CLIR methods 17  , our work falls under the thesaurus based free-text CLIR category. Hence  , we may end up with very large regular expressions. 3.2. While similarity ranking is in fact an information retrieval approach to the problem  , pattern search resembles a database look-up. Therefore  , we cannot draw a firm conclusion about the retrieval advantage of probabilistic CLIR without further study. the context of SFP  , the query model is a discriminating property between systems.    , where the circled elements are added by the imputation strategy . TwigStack 7  , attract lots of research attention. The two are related quantities with different focuses. We run IMRank to select 50 seed nodes. We use MLE method to estimate the population of web robots. This parameter selection approach can be viewed as a function minimizing method  , where the input of the objective function is the parameter of the underlying learner and the value of the function is the aggregated error of the underlying method on a fixed optimization set. An example of aplying the equivalent transfer function for minimizing the size of a SPN a Where: 4. The transfer function is assumed as the diagonal matrix  , so that the Phase deg Frequency Hz x-output y-output z-output Figs.5shows the resulted Bode diagram. However  , no previous research has addressed the issue of extracting and searching for chemical formulae in text documents. This prompts a need to develop a technique to escape from local minima through tunnelling or hill-climbing. The individual stereo rigs are calibrated in a standard way using a calibration pattern. 16 for an excellent survey of this field. The automatic generation of a 3D paint path has been attempted in the Smartpainter project. We also performed experiments to understand the effect of contextual and regular expression features; the combined set performs best  , as expected. In this regard  , our structural function inlining is a novel technique for typing recursive XML queries. The use of Bing's special search operators was not evaluated at all. Instead  , for technical reasons  , we define the semantics of an ODX ECU-VARIANT directly as a pair of regular grammars G A  ,G C  generating sets A and C. In contrast to our approach  , the xtract systems generates for every separate string a regular expression while representing repeated subparts by introducing Kleene-*. The time derivative of the fuiiction is where b is arbitrary. When the manual CNF query doesn't expand the selected query term  , no expansion term will be included in the final query. The local time cascade is a recursive function that derives a child's active time from the parent time container's simple time.