The SMART information retrieval system  , originally developed by Salton  , uses the vector-space model of information retrieval that represents query and documents as term vectors. Table 5: Pearson correlation coefficients between each pair of features. In this paper  , we use the word-embedding from 12 for weighing terms. However  , through iterative imputation   , KM is able to approximate the KRIMP complexity of the original data within a single percent. Furthermore  , since NST@Self actually measures an individual's aspiration for variety  , we compared two model-free methods widely adopted in information theory: shannon 37  , which calculates the conditional entropy. The BSBM SPARQL queries are designed in such a way that they contain different types of queries and operators  , including SELECT/CONTRUCT/DESCRIBE  , OPTIONAL  , UNION. This makes using methods developed for automatic machine translation problematic. DBSCAN is able to separate " noise " from clusters of points where " noise " consists of points in low density regions. In the case of discrete data the likelihood measures the probability of observing the given data as a function of θ θ θ. XSEarch returns semantically related fragments  , ranked by estimated relevance. Therefore  , starting with S1 document removal  , we began by indexing a random selection of 10% of the documents from the document collection. Coefficients greater than ±0.5 with statistical significant level < 0.05 are marked with a * . We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. This corresponds to the user inspection of the retrieved documents. The Pearson correlation of Ebiquity score with coreness was observed to be 0.67. Thus  , four distances and their correlation with AP were evaluated. IMRank achieves both remarkable efficiency and high accuracy by exploiting the interplay between the calculation of ranking-based marginal influence spread and the ranking of nodes. 21 used dynamic programming for hierarchical topic segmentation of websites. Figure 2shows the impulse expressed as a change in the wavelength of light reflected by an FBG cell and its fast Fourier transform FFT. When a non-square matrix A is learned for dimensionality reduction   , the resulting problem is non-convex  , stochastic gradient descent and conjugate gradient descent are often used to solve the problem. Different from traditional training procedure  , these " weak " learners are trained based on cross domain relevance of the semantic targets. 6  holds the objects during the breadth-first search. Uncertainties/entropies of the two distributions can be computed by Shannon entropy: In all experiments on the four benchmark collections  , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. We next present our random forest model. In application the input of the NN is the topic distribution of the query question according to latent topic model of the existing questions  , represented by θ Q *   , and its output is an estimate of its distribution in the QA latent topic model  , θ QA * . 10 . However  , these are not the only concepts learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . To demonstrate the usefulness of this novel language resource we show its performance on the Multilingual Question Answering over Linked Data challenge QALD-4 1 . The click probability cr is computed as in the RNN configuration Eq. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. On the flip side  , DBSCAN can be quite sensitive to the values of eps and MinPts  , and choosing correct values for these parameters is not that easy. For evaluation purposes  , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. The obvious similarity with RaPiD7 is the idea of having well structured meetings in RaPiD7 called workshops in order to work out system details. Finally  , Section 5 describes our future plans. Figure 5d shows the learning curve of Q-learning incorporating DYNA planning. 7. As in 10   , we used two kinds of correlations: Pearson and Spearman. We explain this by the fact that other factors  , such as clicks on previous documents  , are also memorized by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . The pictograms are ranked with the most relevant pictogram starting from the left. The RNN with LSTM units consists of memory cells in order to store information for extended periods of time. In our work  , we use external resources in a different way: we are targeting better candidate generation and ranking by considering the actual answer entities rather than predicates used to extract them. After obtaining   , another essential component in Eqn. Having validated the proposed semantic similarity measure   , in Section 4 we begin to explore the question of applications   , namely how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. The search logs used in this study consist of a list of querydocument pairs  , also known as clickthrough data. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. To introduce our general concept of feature-model compositionality   , we assume that two feature models Mx and My are composed to M x /y = Mx M C My . Also  , in PLSA it is assumed that all attributes motifs belonging to a component might not appear in the same observation upstream region. Therefore  , 5 entries in the profile is sometimes not enough to compute a good similarity. We use different state-of-the-art keyword-based probabilistic retrieval models such as the sequential dependence model  , a query likelihood model  , and relevance model query expansion . 2014. Our approach consists of two steps. In the second experiment  , the robot moved along a corridor environment about 60 meters while capturing images under varying illumination conditions  , as shown in Fig. A summary of the results is reported in Table 1. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest. The major problem that multi-query optimization solves is how to find common subexpressions and to produce a global-optimal query plan for a group of queries. Table 4presents our experimental results  , as well as the four best methods according to their experiments   , i.e. It is based on structural risk minimization principle from computational learning theory. The first assumption in 12 requires that The probabilistic model of retrieval 20 does this very clearly  , but the language model account of what retrieval is about is not that clear. The extent to which the information in the old memory cell is discarded is controlled by ft  , while it controls the extent to which new information is stored in the current memory cell  , and ot is the output based on the memory cell ct. LSTM is explicitly designed for learning long-term dependencies   , and therefore we choose LSTM after the convolution layer to learn dependencies in the sequence of extracted features . Generative model. , ridge regularization method 12. This shows stronger learning and generalization abilities of deep learning than the hand-crafted features. One category of research issues deals with mechanisms to exploit interactions between relational query optimization and E-ADT query optimization. The major form of query optimization employed in KCRP results from proof schema structure sharing. Since difficult queries mislead the scoring function of the search engine to associate high scores to irrelevant documents  , our computation of relevance probability is also faulty in this case. We model the relevant model and non-relevant model in the probabilistic retrieval model as two multinomial distributions. For a given resource  , we use this generator to decide the number of owl:sameAs statements that link this resource with other randomly chosen resources. Cases for which both models yield a rather poor account typically correspond to memes that are characterized by either a single burst of popularity or by sequences of such bursts usually due to rekindled interest after news reports in other media. Traverse the measure graph starting at m visiting all finer measures using breadth-first search. Essentially  , we take the ratio of the greatest likelihood possible given our hypothesis  , to the likelihood of the best " explanation " overall. A large number of languages  , including Arabic  , Russian  , and most of the South and South East Asian languages  , are written using indigenous scripts. This is not CLIR  , but is used as a reference point with which CLIR performance is compared. After a certain period  , a generated realization of MCMC sample can be treated as a dependent sample from the posterior distribution. The agent builds the Q-learning model by alternating exploration and exploitation activities. In this paper  , we assumed that the parameter values Eps and MinPts of DBSCAN do not change significantly when inserting and deleting objects. The solution presented in this paper addresses these concerns. These feature vectors are used to train a SOM of music segments. This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. In order to establish replicative validity of a query model we need to determine whether the generated queries from the model are representative of the corresponding manual queries. ? We will now introduce an example and concretize the mapping strategy. Figure 10shows the likelihood and loop closure error as a function of EM iteration. The results of these experiments is presented in Table 2. An efficient alternative that we use is hierarchical soft-max 18  , which reduces the time complexity to O R logW  + bM logM  in our case  , where R is the total number of words in the document sequence. Rule-based query optimization is not an entirely new idea: it is borrowed from relational query optimization  , e.g. Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. The way RaPiD7 is applied varies significantly depending on the case. In Section 2  , we model the search space  , which describes the query optimization problem and the associated cost model. To prevent over-fitting  , we add an l1 regularization term to each log likelihood function. Subsequently  , each block is sorted according to geographical location second column  , value: Loc  , and finally  , the collections or the libraries first column  , value: Col/Lib are ordered alphabetically for each geographical location. The use of the fast Fourier transform and the necessity to iterate to obtain the required solution preclude this method from being used in real time control. It is suspected that the trust exhibited in this game was partly related on how people perceive the robot from a game theory perspective  , in which the 'smart' thing to do is to send higher amounts of money in order to maximize profit. In computa­ tional geometry  , there are various paper folding problems as well 25. It offers a scalable approach to the construction of document signatures by applying random indexing 30  , or random projections 3 and numeric quantization. Furthermore  , we will evaluate the performance and expressiveness of our approach with the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM. Hence  , it helped improve precision-oriented effectiveness. As the local R 2 FP deals with the sparse features in the sub-region and the sparseness of features is a vital start point that inspires the proposed method  , it can be assumed that K opt can be affected by the sparsity of the feature maps  , which is determined by the target response of each hidden neuron ρ in the autoencoder. As the GRASSHOPPER did  , we divide BCDRW into three steps and introduce the detail as follows: SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. Recently  , it becomes popular to use pre-train of word embedding for NLP applications 17  , by first training on a large unlabeled data set  , then use the trained embedding in the target supervised task. With this approach  , the weights of the edges are directly multiplied into the gradients when the edges are sampled for model updating. 42 proposed deep learning approach modeling source code. Although the conversions completed without errors  , still a few issues could be detected in each dataset that we will cover subsequently. Instead of picking the top document from that ranking  , like in TDI  , the document is drawn from a softmax distribution. DBSCAN makes use of an R* tree to achieve good performance. The dynamic programming is performed off-line and the results are used by the realtime controllers. In information theory  , entropy measures the disorder or uncertainty associated with a discrete  , random variable  , i.e. In QALD-3 20  , SQUALL2SPARQL 21 achieved the highest precision in the QA track. Here  , σ is the sigmoid function that has an output in 0  , 1  , tanh denotes the hyperbolic tangent function that has an output in −1  , 1   , and denotes the component-wise multiplication . tasks. Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method  , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. Game theory researchers have extensively studied the representations and strategies used in games 3. Graphs  , which are in fact one of the most general forms of data representation   , are able to represent not only the values of an entity  , but can be used to explicitly model structural relations that may exist between different parts of an object 5 ,6. From Figure 3  , it follows that  , on the entire query set  , FSDM performs better than SDM on a larger number of topics than vice versa  , with the most significant difference on SemSearch ES query set. The proposed probabilistic models of passage-based retrieval are trained in a discriminative manner . We now apply query optimization strategies whenever the schema changes. Such effectiveness is consistent across different translation approaches as well as benchmarks. To perform such benchmark  , we use the documents of TREC6 CLIR data AP88-90 newswire  , 750MB with officially provided 25 short French-English queries pairs CL1-CL25. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. To optimize the objective function of the Rank-GeoFM  , we use the stochastic gradient descent method. Vertical position is controlled by the relevance score assigned by the search engine. We have developed and analyzed two schemes to compute the probing sequence: step-wise probing and query-directed probing. Moreover we investigate how a controlled vocabulary can be used to conduct free-text based CLIR. The ongoing expansion in the availability of electronic news material provides immediate access to many diaeerent perspectives on the same news stories. The velocity sensor is composed of two separate components: a sensing layer containing the loop of copper in which voltage is induced and a support layer that wraps around the sensing layer after folding to restrict the sensor's movement to one degree of freedom. Besides  , the idea of deep learning has motivated researchers to use powerful generative models with deep architectures to learn better discriminative models 21. So  , when tackling the phrase-level sentiment classification  , we form a sentence matrix S as follows: for each token in a tweet  , we have to look up its corresponding word embedding in the word matrix W  , and the embedding for one of the two word types. Retrieval effectiveness can be improved through changes to the SLT  , unification models  , and the MSS function and scoring vector. , array of floating point values. Thus  , robots visiting one website will not affect the probability of visiting the other. It does  , though  , inform us about the attractiveness of the document d  , which leads to improvements on the click prediction task see Experiment 4. These functional models are digitized and available as videos and interactive animations. For commercial reasons  , we have developed technology for English  , Japanese  , and Chinese CLIR. To test our proposal  , we converted a representative real-world BMEcat catalog of two well-known manufacturers and analyzed whether the results validate as correct RDF/XML datasets grounded in the GoodRelations ontology. Research related to this game has explored both the physical demands 9 and the strategic demands 10. Uses of probabilistic language model in information retrieval intended to adopt a theoretically motivated retrieval model. In the BSH catalog for example  , some fields that require floating point values contain non-numeric values like " / "   , " 0.75/2.2 "   , " 3*16 "   , or " 34 x 28 x 33.5 "   , which originates from improper values in the BMEcat. Based on Word2Vec 6  , Doc2Vec produces a word embedding vector  , given a sentence or document. Our most relevant work 10  presented a method to predict the performance of CLIR according to translation quality and ease of queries. , to edit them. Other ongoing research aimed at applying PCRs to ligand-protein binding and protein folding is reported in BSAOO  , SAOU. In game theory  , Nash equilibrium is a solution concept to characterize a class of equilibrium strategies a game with multiple players will likely reach 23. Most attempts to layer a static type system atop a dynamic language 3  , 19  , 34 support only a subset of the language  , excluding many dynamic features and compromising the programming model and/or the type-checking guarantee. Under the Clarke-Tax  , users are required to indicate their privacy preference  , along with their perceived importance of the expressed preference. With this in mind  , in this study we tested some imputation methods. The problem can be solved by existing numerical optimization methods such as alternating minimization and stochastic gradient descent. In reality  , though  , it is common that suppliers of BMEcat catalogs export the unit of measurement codes as they are found in their PIM systems. By exploiting a characteristic that high frequency components are generally less important than low frequency components  , DCT is widely used for data compression like JPEG or MPEG. So the area of the sensor location where the Q-value for recognition becomes to have a strong peak. A set of completing  , typing information is added  , so that the number of tags becomes higher. CLIR performance observed for this query set. Based on PLSA  , one can define the following joint model for predicting terms in different objects: 1. Autonomic computing is a grand challenge  , requiring advances in several fields of science and technology  , particularly systems  , software architecture and engineering  , human-system interfaces  , policy  , modeling  , optimization  , and many branches of artificial intelligence such as planning  , learning  , knowledge representation and reasoning  , multiagent systems  , negotiation  , and emergent behavior. BSBM SQL 5 is a join of four tables product  , product   , productfeatureproduct  , and productfeatureproduct . In above  , K fuzzy evidence structures are used for illustration . The most significant recent advance in programming methodology has been the constructive approach to developing correct programs or "programming calculus" formulated in Dijkstra 75  , elaborated with numerous examples in Dijkstra 76  , and discussed further in Gries 76. He used residual functions for fitting projected model and features in the image. Since this type of predictions involve larger temporal horizons and needs to use both the controller organization and modalities  , it may yield larger errors. In contrast  , interactive games like Monopoly and poker offer players several different actions as part of a sequential ongoing interaction in which a player's motives may change as the game proceeds or depend on who is playing. The Semantic space method we use in the context of the Blog-Track'09 is Random Indexing RI  , which is not a typical method in the family of Semantic space methods. This task asks participants to use both structured data and free form text available in DBpedia abstracts. Molecular dynamics simulations help us understand how proteins fold in nature  , and provide a means to study the underlying folding mechanism  , to investi­ gate folding pathways  , and can provide intermediate folding states. A notification protocol waq designed to handle this case. High F1 score shows that our method achieves high value in both precision and recall. In this work  , we use a similar idea as word embedding to initialize the embedding of user and item feature vectors via additional training data. For doing that  , the downhill Simplex method takes a set of steps. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios   , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought 5. Entropy is being popularly applied as a measurement in many fields of science including biology  , mechanics  , economics  , etc. Q-Learning is known to converge to an optimal Q function under appropriate conditions 10. Given that our system is trained off this data  , we believe we can drastically improve the performance of our system by identifying the blog posts have been effectively tagged  , meaning that the tags associated with the post are likely to be considered relevant by other users. The greedy pattern represents the depth-first behavior  , and the breadth-like pattern aims to capture the breadth-first search behaviors. Then we present a probabilistic object-oriented logic for realizing this model  , which uses probabilistic Datalog as inference mechanism. Instead of the vector space model or the classical probabilistic model we will use a new model  , called the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval  , which is described in the appendix of this paper. Since monolingual retrieval is a special case of CLIR  , where the query terms and document terms happen to be of the same language e.g. Because Hogwild! This ranking function treats weights as probabilities. We then consider the noncooperative game theoretic method  , in which each link update its persistent probability using its own local information. In Section 4 we introduce DBSCAN with constraints and extend it to run in online fashion. The experimental results were achieved by indexing 1991 WSJ documents TREC disk 22 with Webtrieve using stemming and stopwords remotion. This full range results naturally from the fact that our user models allow the interest elements to have weights from -1 to +1 to represent the full spectrum of interest intensities from hate to love. Even for rather large numbers of daily updates  , e.g. The model is built by fitting primitives to sensory data. Figure 3apresents results of the LDF clients without CyCLaDEs. For this baseline  , we first use the set of entities associated with a given question for linking of candidate properties exactly the same way as we perform grounding of cross-lingual SRL graph clusters Sect. Given this observation  , we are interested in the question: is regularized pLSA likely to outperform non-regularized pLSA no matter the value of K we select ? We perform experiments on a publicly available multilingual multi-view text categorization corpus extracted from the Reuters RCV1/RCV2 corpus 1 . Table 5shows that probabilistic CLIR using our system outperforms the three runs using SYSTRAN  , but the improvement over the combined MT run is very small. First  , we used the data extracted from DBpedia consisting of the 52 numeric & textual data properties of the City class to test our proposed overall approach SemanticTyper. autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. ; the maximal number of states between the initial state and another state when traversing the TS in breadth-first search BFS height; the number of transitions starting from a state and ending in another state with a lower level when traversing the TS in breadth-first search Back lvl tr. In this paper  , only triangular membership functions are coded for optimization. Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist  , too. However there are some significant problems in applying it to real robot tasks. Deep learning is an emerging research field today and  , to our knowledge  , our work is the first one that applied deep learning for assessing quality of Wikipedia articles. Based on the 149 topics of the Terabyte tracks  , the results of modified Lucene significantly outperform the original Lucene and are comparable to Juru's results. We aggregate the top n representative articles over all the time frames in a community evolution path. The following table lists all combinations of metric and distance-combining function and indicates whether a precomputational scheme is available ++  , or  , alternatively   , whether early abort of distance combination is expected to yield significant cost reduction +: distance-combining func But IO-costs dominate with such queries  , and the effect of the optimization is limited. It is generally agreed that the probabilistic approach provides a sound theoretical basis for the development of information retrieval systems. ~. Maximizing the global parameters in MapReduce can be handled in a manner analogous to EM 33 ; the expected counts of the variational distribution generated in many parallel jobs are efficiently aggregated and used to recompute the top-level parameters. Section 4 defines CyCLaDEs model. These techniques are listwise deletion LD  , mean or mode single imputation MMSI and eight different types of hot deck single imputation HDSI. Comparison of Machine Learning methods for training sets of decreasing size. But without the predictive human performance modeling provided by CogTool  , productivity of skilled users would not be able to play any role at all in the quantitative measures required. For this setting  , the chart in Figure 9b depicts the average times to execute the BSBM query mix; furthermore  , the chart puts the measures in relation to the times obtained for our engine with a trust value cache in the previous experiment. A formal model: More specifically  , let the distribution associated with node w be Θw. , with the ranks used in place of scores. However  , previous work showed that English- Chinese CLIR using simple dictionary translation yields a performance lower than 60% of the monolingual performance 14. Within the model selection  , each operation of reduction of topic terms results in a different model. The smaller bidden &er is fiwthcr used to represent the input patterns. In the Semantic Web  , many systems translate English questions to SPARQL queries see 13 for a survey  , and the QALD 8 challenge is devoted to that task. Using σ G s as a surrogate for user assessments of semantic similarity  , we can address the general question of how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. If the model fitting has increased significantly  , then the predictor is kept. One for the flight vehicle information such as predicted pose and velocity provided by the INS  , RPM data and air speed data  , while the other bus handles the DDF information. The parameters of interest are then estimated recursively 9  , 101. Invitation Figure 1  , Steps of RaPiD7 1 Preparation step is performed for each of the workshops  , and the idea is to find out the necessary information to be used as input in the workshops. Furthermore  , resources aggregated in a collection can be found more easily than if they were disjoint. By probing multiple buckets in each hash table  , the method requires far fewer hash tables than previously proposed LSH methods. Ester et al. This ensures that the child keeps being challenged which is an important factor in both intelligent tutoring systems 17 and game theory 6. It allows us to estimate the models easily because model parameter inference can be done without evaluating the likelihood function. While research in the nested algebra optimization is still in its infancy  , several results from relational algebra optimization 13 ,141 can be extended to nested relations. the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. Therefore  , one can stop IMRank safely in practice by checking the change of top-k nodes between two successive iterations. the white LED used in the lamp were manually soldered to the composite prior to folding. ADEPT supports the creation of personalized digital libraries of geospatial information  " learning spaces "  but owns its resources unlike in G-Portal where the development of the collection depends mainly on users' contributions as well as on the discovery and acquisition of external resources such as geography-related Web sites. Each iteralion contains a well-defined sequence of query optimization followed by data allocation optimization. To quantify the correlation with established query level metrics  , we computed the Pearson correlation coefficient between DSAT correlation and: i average clickthrough rate  , ii average NDCG@1  , and iii average NDCG@3. However  , directly optimizing the above objective function is impractical because the cost of computing the full softmax is proportional to the size of items |I|  , which is often extremely large. These methods all train their subclassifiers on the same input training set. The first  , an optimistic heuristic  , assumes that all possible matches in the sequences are made regardless of their order in the sequence. This method only requires function evaluations  , not derivatives. All 24 out of 24 QALD-4 queries  , with all there syntactic variations  , were correctly fitted in NQS  , giving a high sensitivity to structural variation. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. Consider a two class classification problem. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: The reference can be obtained using the library pathname. The matrix Wsc denotes the projection matrix from the vector state sr+1 to the vector cr+1. Finally  , by combining long-term and short-term user interests  , our proposed models TDSSM and MR-TDSSM successfully outperformed all the methods significantly. Usually  , the Euclidean distance between the weight vector and the input pattern is used to calculate a unit's activation. The Pearson R coefficient of correlation is 0.884  , which is significant at the 0.05 level two-tailed. In this paper  , we have introduced a novel pooling method R 2 FP  , together with its local and global versions  , for extracting features from feature maps learned through a sparse autoencoder. Probabilistic graphical models can further be grouped into generative models and discriminative models. This part of experiment is indicated as Supervised Modeling Section 3.3. Despite the big differences between the two language pairs  , our experiments on English- Chinese CLIR consistently confirmed these findings  , showing the proposed cross-language meaning matching technique is not only effective  , but also robust. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. Information theory borrowed the concept of entropy from the t h e o r y o f s t a t i s t i c a l thermodynamics where Boltzmann's theory s t a t e s t h a t t h e entropy of a gas changing states isothermally at temperature T i s given by: The 2-fold procedure enables to have enough queries ~55 in both the train and test sets so as to compute Pearson correlation in a robust manner. We are reaching the point where we are willing to tie ourselves down by declaring in advance our variable types  , weakest preconditions  , and the like. To answer this question  , we calculate the Shannon Entropy of each user from the distribution of categories across their sessions. On the other hand  , when the same amount of main memory is used by the multi-probe LSH indexing data structures  , it can deal with about 60- million images to achieve the same search quality. The Pearson correlation between the actual average precision to the predicted average precision using JSD distances was 0.362. In addition to early detection of different diseases  , predictive modeling can also help to individualize patient care  , by differentiating individuals who can be helped from a specific intervention from those that will be adversely affected by the same inter- vention 7  , 8. The dropout layer  , Dropout8  , has a dropout probability of 0.5. Otherwise  , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. Recall that the problem is that for the V lock to work correctly  , updates must be classified a priori into those that update a field in an existing tuple and those that create a new tuple or delete an existing tuple  , which cannot be done in the view update scenario. Probabilistic Information Retrieval IR model is one of the most classical models in IR. The data element ARTICLE_PRICE_DETAILS can be used multiple with disjunctive intervals. In addition  , MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 11  , item taxonomy 9 and attributes 1  , social relations 8  , and 3-way interactions 21. NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. The purpose of this circular region is to maintain an admissible heuristic despite having an underspecified search goal. , πn is the value of the g minus the tax numeraire  , given by: uic = vig − πi. One of the well-known uni-modal hashing method is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 2  , which uses random projections to obtain the hash functions. Links are labeled with sets of keywords shared by related documents. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query generated from a document 9. CyCLaDEs aims at discovering and connecting dynamically LDF clients according to their behaviors. An effective thesaurus-based technique must deal with the problem of word polysemy or ambiguity  , which is particularly serious for Arabic retrieval. The objective function can be solved by the stochastic gradient descent SGD. Recent developments in representation learning deep learning 5 have enabled the scalable learning of such models. Similar to what people has done for optimizing ranking measures such as MAP or NDCG  , we find an approximate solution by constructing a new approximate objective function that is differentiable. We present the maximum MRR achieved by the approaches in each domain in Table 1we observe it occurs when training on all labelled data sources apart from the test source. The converter has built-in check steps that detect common irregularities in the BMEcat data  , such as wrong unit codes or invalid feature values. Third  , our proposed model leads to very accurate bid prediction . the optimization time of DPccp is always 1. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: S! " One limitation of regular LSH is that they require explicit vector representation of data points. The proportion of customers missing data for the number of port is large 44% and the customer population where data are missing may be different  , making conventional statistical treatment of missing data e.g. saving all the required random edge-sets together during a single scan over the edges of the web graph. While LIB uses binary term occurrence to estimate least information a document carries in the term  , LIF measures the amount of least information based on term frequency. By the language of model selection  , it is to select a model best fitting the given corpus and having good capability of generality. To avoid simply learning the identity function  , we can require that the number of hidden nodes be less than the number of input nodes  , or we can use a special regularization term. The results are listed in Table 4and 5  , together with the results for the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method without using any weighting scheme. With our approach  , a single tool can nicely bring the wealth of data from established B2B environments to the Web of Data. This is an interesting result  , because although they perceived it as less safe  , they trusted it more when it comes to an economic game. Well known works by Dijkstra DIJK72  , Wirth WIRT 71  , Gries GRIE 73 and others have assessed the usefulness of deriving a program in a hierarchical way. We measure the compressibility of the data using zero order Shannon entropy H on the deltas d which assumes deltas are independent and generated with the same probability distribution  , where pi is the probability of delta i in the data: It also reduces the delta sizes as compared to URL ordering  , with approximately 71.9% of the deltas having the value one for this ordering. Relevance measurements were integrated within a probabilistic retrieval model for reranking of results. ICTNETVS07 is the Borda Fuse combination of three methods. Locating a piece of music on the map then leaves you with similar music next to it  , allowing intuitive exploration of a music archive. p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. We can observe that all translation types native  , C  , SQE  , SJE  , SQE+SJE have similar performance in most of BSBM queries  , ranging from 0.67 to 2.60 when normalized  ing to the native SQL queries. In all cases  , model fitting runtime is dominated by the time required to generate candidate graphs as we search through the model parameter space. More specifically  , we compute two entropy-based features for the EDA and EMG-CS data: Shannon entropy and permutation entropy. Moreover  , game theory focuses on conceptualizations for strategic interaction. The language was influenced significantly by the Dijkstra " guarded command language " 4 and CSP lo . As mentioned in Section 3.2  , a parameter is required to determine the semantic relatedness knowledge provided by the auxiliary word embeddings. Most surprisingly  , the RDFa data that dominates WebDataCommons and even DBpedia is more than 90% regular. By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. A concept  , in our context  , is a Linked Data instance  , defined with its URI  , which represents a topic of human interest. For gq  , p  , hq  , q0 ∈ 0  , 1  , we apply a sigmoid/logistic function given by σ· = 1 1+e −· . The intention of the method is to trade time for space requirements. We also tried GRU but the results seem to be worse than LSTM. Out of the original 50 queries  , 43 have results from DBpedia. in folding the black Jean material  , the folding edge does not stay at the position that it is left by the gripper but it slides back by 1-2cm. These two different interpretations of probability of relevance lead to two different probabilistic models for document retrieval. RQ6 a. Another popular learning method  , known as sarsa  I I  , is less aggressive than Q-learning. The elements are encoded using only two word types: the tokens spanning the phrase to be predicted are encoded with 1s and all the others with 0s. 2 describe a system for timbre classification to identify 12 instruments in both clean and degraded conditions. We use a variation of these models 28  to learn word vector representation word embeddings that we track across time. In the experiment  , evaluators assessed Queriability and Informativeness manually with the source files of data sets. In game theory  , a strategy is a method for deciding what move to make next  , given the current game state. Services such as search and browse are activated on the restricted information space described by the collection  , but this is the only customization option. This work attempts to combine these approaches thus exploiting both the strong economical background used by game theory to model the relations that define competitive actions  , as well as sophisticated data mining models to extract knowledge from the data companies accumulate. Though we use RBP and DCG as motivators  , our interest is not specifically in them but in model-based measures in general. A quick scan of the thumbnails locates an answer: 4 musicians shown  , which the user could confirm took place in Singapore by showing and playing the story. During query execution the engine determines trust values with the simple  , provenance-based trust function introduced before. However  , prohibitively high computational cost makes it impractical for IMRank. Figure 3b shows a distribution of the ratio of the error of the one-step covariance to the full UKF covariance  , where 7000 trials were performed using 100 different priors and a range of initial conditions and trajectories were used to calculate the M matrix. A fast-Fourier transform was performed on this signal in order to analyze the frequencies involved and the results can be seen in figure 12. We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. In this representation   , even though  , the GA might come up with two fit individuals with two competing conventions  , the genetic operators such aa crossover  , will not yield fitter individuals. Here  , graph equality means isomor- phism. First  , is to include multi-query optimization in CQ refresh. The Discrete Cosine Transform DCT is a real valued version of Fast Fourier Transform FFT and transforms time domain signals into coefficients of frequency component. One component of a probabilistic retrieval model is the indexing model  , i.e. Stories are represented as a thumbnail image along with a score thermometer  , a relevance bar to the left of each thumbnail  , with stories listed in relevance order. Dropout is used to prevent over-fitting. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. Figure 5shows the Entropy values for the actual data and models. the action-value in the Q-learning paradigm. Here  , we focus on locality sensitive hashing techniques that are most relevant to our work. This work can be characterized as demonstrating the utility of learning explicit models to allow mental simulation while learning 2. Yokoi et al. For each correct answer  , we replaced the return variable  ?uri in the case of the QALD-2 SELECT queries by the URI of the answer  , and replaced all other URIs occurring in the query by variables  , in order to retrieve all triples relevant for answering the query 10 . However  , due to the limitation of random projection  , LSH usually needs a quite long hash code and hundreds of hash tables to guarantee good retrieval performance. The problem of frequent model retraining and scalability results from the fact that the total number of users and items is usually very large in practical systems  , and new ratings are usually made by users continuously. The task consists of transforming the price-relevant information of a BMEcat catalog to xCBL. Since coverage tends to increase with sequence length  , the DFS strategy likely finds a higher coverage sequence faster than the breadth-first search BFS. Run dijkstra search from the initial node as shown in Fig.5.2. Therefore  , in a probabilistic model for video retrieval shots are ranked by their probability of having generated the query. Many models for ranking functions have been proposed previously  , including vector space model 43   , probabilistic model 41 and language model 35 . This simple method worked out well in our experiments. We were able to improve Lucene's search quality as measured for TREC data by 1 adding phrase expansion and proximity scoring to the query  , 2 better choice of document length normalization  , and 3 normalizing tf values by document's average term frequency. We also propose to use optimal control to design the visual controller. 4first out queue called Q in Fig. Manually built models consist mainly of text patterns  , carefully created  , tested and maintained by domain and linguistic experts. Following the method described by Sagi and Gal 32  , correlation of matrix level predictors is measured using the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient Pearsons's r . We take a multi-phase optimization approach to cope with the complexity of parallel multijoin query optimization. The data set used in our experiment comes from a commercial news portal which serves millions of daily users in a variety of countries and languages. However  , when high spatial autocorrelation occurs  , traditional metrics of correlation such as Pearson require independent observations and cannot thus be directly applied. Often  , regularization terms The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. It follows that transformation of SDM into FSDM increases the importance of bigram matches  , which ultimately improves the retrieval performance  , as we will demonstrate next. Delrin and ABS plastics were used to fabricate the frame and links. Many researchers recognize that even exams tend to evaluate surface learning   , and that deep learning is not something that would surface until long after a course has finished 5 . 8 As explained before  , our intention is to assess data set quality instead of SPARQL syntax. Using MCMC  , we queried for the probability of an individual being a ProblemLoan. While videogames represent an important part of our cultural and economic landscape  , deep theory development in the field of Game Studies  , particularly theory related to creativity  , is lacking. Assuming an industrial setting  , long-term attention models that include the searcher's general interest in addition to the current session context can be expected to become powerful tools for a wide number of inference tasks. A keyword search engine like Lucene has OR-semantics by default i.e. Then we update parameters utilizing Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD until converge. Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. First  , was the existing state of the art  , Flat-COTE  , significantly better than current deep learning approaches for TSC ? Also  , it will be difficult to apply the Kuhlback and Liebers' relative entropy since the " atoms " or " characters " of an image or an ensemble is difficult to define. The Maximum a posteriori estimate MAP is a point estimate which maximizes the log of the posterior likelihood function 3. The Moby simulation library uses the introduced approach to simulate resting contact for Newton  , Mirtich  , Anitescu- Potra  , and convex optimization based impact models among others. An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. Then the LSH-based method will be used to have a quick similarity search. Moreover  , a fixed point for each motion primitive By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. The multi-probe LSH method proposed in this paper is inspired by but quite different from the entropybased LSH method. We use the log-likelihood LL and the Kolmogorov-Smirnov distance KS-distance 8 to evaluate the goodness-of-fit of and . If the grid is coarse  , dynamic programming works reasonably quickly. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. Our selected encoding of the input query as pairs of wordpositions and their respective cluster id values allows us to employ the random forest architecture over variable length input. Both our weighting scheme and the two weighting schemes to be compared are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method to predict ratings for test users. More than 3800 text documents  , 1200 descriptions of mechanisms and machines  , 540 videos and animations and 180 biographies of people in the domain of mechanism and machine science are available in the DMG- Lib in January 2009 and the collection is still growing. A word embedding is a dense  , low-dimensional  , and realvalued vector associated with every word in a vocabulary such that they capture useful syntactic and semantic properties of the contexts that the word appears in. This means that hypotheses about specific entities must be considered in the e.g. In the faceted distillation task  , we use the support vector machine to evaluate the extent to which a blog post is opinionated. The product identifier can be mapped in two different ways  , at product level or at product details level  , whereby the second takes precedence over the other. The ζµi; yi is the log-likelihood function for the model being estimated. Viterbi recognizer search. However  , accurately estimating these probabilities is difficult for generative probabilistic language modeling techniques. courses  , students  , professors are generated. First comparative experiments only focused on the querytranslation model. Since previously learned RRT's are kept for fkture uses  , the data structure becomes a forest consisting of multiple RRTs. They did not diversify the ranking of blog posts. The parameter vector of each ranking system is learned automatically . We see that our method strictly out-performs LSH: we achieve significantly higher recall at similar scan rate. For instance  , if the user stems from London  , reads " The Times " and is a passionate folk-dancer  , this might make the alternative segmentation times " square dance " preferable. Similarities are only computed between words in the same word list. However  , the imputation performance of HI is unstable when the missing ratio increases. We tested the differences in relevance for all methods using the paired T-test over subjects individual means  , and the tests indicated that the difference in relevance between each pair is significant p <0.05. Our previous work on creating self-folding devices controlling its actuators with an internal control system is described in 3. Our results show that the query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the simple  , step-wise sequence. The noise in the content may create errors while doing document retrieval thus drastically reducing the precision of retrieval. The steps of RaPiD7 method are presented in figure 1. Run dijkstra search from the final node as shown in Fig.6. A learning task assumes that the agents do not have preliminary knowledge about the environment in which they act. Simply put  , RaPiD7 is a method in which the document in hand is authored in a team in consecutive workshops. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method  , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. The basic operation here is to retrieve the knowledge base entity matching the spotted query desire  , query input and their relation. Then the probability is represented by the following recursive form: The Shannon entropy of the variable a is: In Section 3 we formalise our extension to consider R2RML mappings. This toleration factor reflects the inherent resolving limitation of a given relevance scoring function  , and thus within this toleration factor  , the ranking of documents can be seen as arbitrary. In the same spirit  , the corresponding SQL queries also consider various properties such as low selectivity  , high selectivity  , inner join  , left outer join  , and union among many others. Our measurements prove that our optimization technique can yield significant speedups  , speedups that are better in most cases than those achieved by magic sets or the NRSU-transformation. Moreover  , our own results have demonstrated that outcome matrices degrade gracefully with increased error 18. to any application. The VLBG creates a graph where each node corresponds to a state that the vehicle may visit. To derive our probabilistic retrieval model  , we first propose a basic query formulation model.  Query execution. No one advocates or teaches this style of description  , so why do people use it instead of the more precise vocabulary of computer science ? The Coupling Matrix Q is a function of the manipulator's configuration and is a measure of the system's sensitivity to the transfer of vibrational energy to its supporting structure. However  , PLSA found most surprising components: components containing motifs that have strong dependencies. Pair Potentials. Finally  , section 6 contains concluding remarks. We repeat iterative step s times. This model is then converted into a vector representation as mentioned above. As we can see  , ≈40 % of calls are handled by the local cache  , regardless the number of clients. Applying the Shannon Entropy equation directly will be misleading. Random " subsequent queries are submitted to the library  , and the retrieved documents are collected. We show later that the ALSH derived from minhash  , which we call asymmetric minwise hashing MH-ALSH  , is more suitable for indexing set intersection for sparse binary vectors than the existing ALSHs for general inner products. We selected Prevayler because it was used as a case study for an aspect-oriented refactoring method by Godil  , Zhang  , and Jacobsen 1428. Then we showed the extended method of connectionist Q-Learning for learning a behavior with continuous inputs and outputs . The learning system is applied t o a very dynamic control problem in simulation and desirable abilities have been shown. We expect  , the Kendall rank correlation coefficient see 30  , another much used rank correlation  , to have similar problems in dealing with distributions. In general  , the model allows the user to start with the entity types of interest  , describe each entity type with a nested list of attribute types and build any number of levels of association types. As a demonstration of the viability of the proposed methodology  , SKSs for a number of communities the Los Alamos National Laboratory's LANL Research Library http://lib-www.lanl.gov/. Next  , we discuss the quality of our approach in terms of fitting accuracy. Que TwigS TwigStack/PRIX from 28  , 29 / ToXinScan vs. X that characterize the ce of an XML query optimizer that takes conjunction with two summary pruning ugmented with data r provides similar se of system catalog information in optimization strategy  ,   , which reduces space by identifying at contain the query a that suggest that  , can easily yield ude. Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design  , and they do not have single  , clear semantics. Dijkstra makes this observation in his famous letter on the GOTO statement  , Dijkstra 69 observing that computer programs are static entities and are thus easier for human minds to comprehend  , while program executions are dynamic and far harder to comprehend and reason about effectively. To put things in perspective  , music IR is still a very immature field.. For example  , to our knowledge  , no survey of user needs has ever been done the results of the European Union's HARMONICA project are of some interest  , but they focused on general needs of music libraries. It uses R*-tree to achieve better performance. Q-learning incrementally builds a model that represents how the application can be used. Coding theoretic arguments suggest that this structure should pcnnit us to reduce the dimensionality of our index space so as to better correspond to the ShanDon Entropy of the power set of documeDts {though this may require us to coalesce sets of documents wry unlikely to be optimal. The implementation of the logic behind the alignments to be presented herein resulted into the BMEcat2GoodRelations tool. template. The key of most techniques is to exploit random projection to tackle the curse of dimensionality issue  , such as Locality-Sensitive Hashing LSH 20   , a very well-known and highly successful technique in this area. Given that news is separated into eight topics  , 16 interest profiles exist in a single user model. While the E-step can be easily distributed  , the M-step is still centralized  , which could potentially become a bottleneck. As a result of this transformation we now have equi-distant data samples in each frequency band. The BSBM executes a mix of 12 SPARQL queries over generated sets of RDF data; the datasets are scalable to different sizes based on a scaling factor. Comparing to the distributions computed with PLSA  , we see that with Net- PLSA  , we can get much smoother distributions. 3d. Our study is more related to the second category of kernel-based methods. All the techniques transform the tree into a rooted binary tree or binary composition rules before applying dynamic programming. Fig. In this section  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding. By quantifying the amount of information required to explain probability distribution changes  , the proposed least information theory LIT establishes a new basic information quantity and provides insight into how terms can be weighted based on their probability distributions in documents vs. in the collection. Having computed the topical distribution of each individual tweet  , we can now estimate an entire profile's topical diversity and do so by using the Shannon diversity theorem entropy: Topical Diversity. A more effective method of handling natural question queries was developed recently by Lu et al. fol " .tif. " the user leaving the ad landing page. It varies from -1 to 1 and the larger the value  , the stronger the positive correlation between them. As our model fitting procedure is greedy  , it can get trapped into local maxima. We compared ECOWEB-FIT with the standard LV model. We feel that in many applications a superior baseline can be developed. As can be seen from these two tables  , our LRSRI approach outperforms other imputation methods  , especially for the case that both drive factors and effort labels are incomplete. In the method adopted here  , simulated annealing is applied in the simplex deformation. This challenge can be addressed in various ways: i a scalable vector tuning and updating for new comments  , ii inferring low-dimentional vector for new comments using gradient descent using the parameters  , the word vectors and the softmax weights from the trained model  , and iii approximating the new vector by estimating the distance of the new comment to the previous comments using the words and their representations. Through extensive simulation  , Section 3 contrasts some behaviors of ρ r with those of rank-based correlation coefficients. to increase efficiency or the field's yield  , in economic or environmental terms. Correlations were measured using the Pearson's correlation coefficient. We can notice that by adding a slow-rate LSTM weekly-based features to the MR-TDSSM  , it leads to great performance improvement over TDSSM with only one fast-rate LSTM component. This ready-to-use solution comes as a portable command line tool that converts product master data from BMEcat XML files into their corresponding OWL representation using GoodRelations. Reference-based indexing 7  , 11  , 17  , 36  can be considered as a variation of vector space indexing. The iterative approach controls the overall complexity of the combined problem. That is  , all statistics that one computes from the completed database should be as close as possible to those of the original data. As shown in Figure 1  , the auxiliary word embeddings utilized in GPU-DMM is pre-learned using the state-of-the-art word embedding techniques from large document collections. Although content-based systems also use the words in the descriptions of the items  , they traditionally use those words to learn one scoring function. The simplex attempts to walk downhill by replacing the 3741 vertex associated with the highest error by a better point. Query Load. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function  , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. Section 5 presents the results  , Section 6 suggests future work  , and Section 7 concludes. Given that the choice for the realization of atomic graph patterns depends on whether the predicate is classified as being a noun phrase or a verb phrase  , we measured the accuracy i.e. Please note in all of the experiments  , PAMM-NTN was configured to direct optimize the evaluation measure of α-NDCG@20. Therefore  , the running time of IMRank is affordable. 4 GoodRelations-specific compliance tests 14 to spot data model inconsistencies. Table 2adds an additional level of detail to the PRODUCT → PRODUCT DETAILS structure introduced in Fig. Several concepts  , such as " summer "   , " playground " and " teenager "   , may occur simultaneously in an image or scene. We use a binary signature representation called TopSig 3 18. Subsequently  , the starting parameters which yield the best optimization result of the 100 trials is taken as global optimium. CYCLADES provides a suite of tools for personalizing information access and collaboration but is not targeted towards education or the uniqueness of accessing and manipulating geospatial and georeferenced content. Finding an optimal solution to this problem can be accomplished by dynamic programming. Breaking the Optimization Task. We employ Random Forest classifier implementation in Weka toolkit 7 with default parameter settings. Variational EM alternates between updating the expectations of the variational distribution q and maximizing the probability of the parameters given the " observed " expected counts. RQ6 b. Three different levels of achievement can be perceived in implementing RaPiD7. Approaches to the imputation of missing values has been extensively researched from a statistical perspective 7 ,11 ,12. Although we have framed the issue in terms of a game  , pure game theory makes no predictions about such a case  , in which there are two identical Nash equilibriums. There are two deficiencies in the fixed focal length model. On the other side  , BMEcat does not explicitly discriminate types of features  , so features FEA- TURE  typically consist of FNAME  , FVALUE and  , optionally  , an FUNIT element. On the other hand  , there is a rich literature addressing the related problem of Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval CLIR. To be more specific  , we add a virtual node which connects to all known nodes. It shows that for most recall values  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the basic LSH method by an order of magnitude. This is sufficiently general to describe in rigorous terms the events of interest  , and can be used to describe in homogeneous terms much of the existing work on testing. This generalized vocabulary covers a common abstraction of the data models we consider to be of general interest for the QA community. One of the interesting results from our human evaluation is the relevance score for the original tags assigned to a blog post. As the feasibility grids represent the crossability states of the environment   , the likelihood fields of the feasibility grids are ideally adequate for deriving the likelihood function for moving objects  , just as the likelihood fields of the occupancy grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. The figures also clearly indicate that the density curve for Rel:SameReviewer is more concentrated around zero than Rel:DifferentReviewer for all three categories. When EHRs contain consistent data about patients and nurses modeling  , can be designed and used for devising efficient nursing patient care. One promising method is LCS longest common subsequence and another skipgrams 8. Mean Average Precision MAP and Precision at N P@N  are used to summarise retrieval performance within each category. The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. Fitting an individiral skeleton model to its motion data is the routine identification task rary non-ridd pose with sparse featme points. Our results lead us to conclude that parameter settings can indeed have a large impact on the performance of defect prediction models  , suggesting that researchers should experiment with the parameters of the classification techniques . In the information retrieval domain  , the systems are based on three basic models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model. once the shortcomings mentioned in Section 6.2 are addressed  , we will evaluate our approach on a larger scale  , for example using the data provided by the second instalment of the QALD open challenge  , which comprises 100 training and 100 test questions on DBpedia  , and a similar amount of questions on MusicBrainz . The CS presented in this paper implements a new approach for supporting dynamic and virtual collections  , it supports the dynamic creation of new collections by specifying a set of definition criteria and make it possible to automatically assign to each collection the specialized services that operate on it. Unlike semantic score features and semantic expansion features which are query-biased  , document quality features are tended to estimate the quality of a tweet. We also studied the impact of spelling normalization and stemming on Arabic CLIR. Cost-based query optimization techniques for XML 22  , 29 are also related to our work. This also allows additional heuristics to be developed such as terminating CGLS early when working with a crude starting guess like 0  , and allowing the following line search step to yield a point where the index set jw is small. For the teams applying RaPiD7 systematically the reward is  , however  , significant. Thus  , the MAP estimate is the maximum of the following likelihood function. This is followed by a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT across the segments for a selected set of frequency spectra to obtain Fourier coefficients modeling the dynamics. There are  , however  , important differences. The vector output at the final time-step  , encN   , is used to represent the entire tweet. All these ways to calculate the similarity or correlation between users are based solely on the ratings of the users. The transfer function is assumed as the diagonal matrix  , so that the Phase deg Frequency Hz x-output y-output z-output On the BSBM dataset  , the performance of all systems is comparable for small dataset sizes  , but RW-TR scales better to large dataset sizes  , for the largest BSBM dataset it is on average up to 10 times faster than Sesame and up to 25 times faster than Virtuoso. Our model is similar to DLESE although the latter does not support an interactive map-based interface or an environment for online learning. Test II: Combined Models. ClassificationCentainty as 'compute the Random forest 4  class probability that has the highest value'. As the decreasing average persistence sphere size in Figure 7eshows  , this nice effect increases with the DMP. We should try our best to eliminate the time that the evaluators spend on SPARQL syntax. To build the DocSpace  , Semantic Vectors rely on a technique called Random Indexing 4  , which performs a matrix reduction of the term-document matrix. the selected documents in Sr−1  , as defined in Equation 4  , and S0 is an empty set. Abnormal aging and fault will result in deviations with respect to normal conditions. Unfortunately  , to use Popov's stability theory  , one must construct a strict positive real system transfer function matrix  , but this is a very tedious work. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. Edsger Dijkstra has written eloquently of " our inability to do much " 5. Whereas the quasi-steady model requires fitting coefficients   , this numerical model is rigorously derived from Navier Stokes equations and does not require fitting pa-rameters. dmax equals to the largest indegree among all nodes when l = 1. This would require extending the described techniques  , and creating new QA benchmarks. All interested merchants have then the possibility of electronically publishing and consuming this authoritative manufacturer data to enhance their product offerings relying on widely adopted product strong identifiers such as EAN  , GTIN  , or MPN. Finally we discuss some interesting insights about the user behavior on both platforms. The construction of a semantic space with RI is as follows: Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. , most of their content is in a few categories  , or are users more varied ? The hierarchy among the maps is established as follows. Another sensitivity question is whether the search quality of the multi-probe LSH method is sensitive to different K values. K to approximate the result of DBSCAN. Hence we propose three fusion methods to combine the two quantities by addition and multiplication: 1. NMF found larger groups of yeast motifs than human motifs. We used the simplex downhill method Nelder and Mead 1965 for the minimization. To achieve high search accuracy  , the LSH method needs to use multiple hash tables to produce a good candidate set. Notice that this takes O|V | 2 log|V | since the graph G is fully connected using a binary heap for the Dijkstra priority queue. It can be seen that QA ,-learning takes much fewer steps than Q-learning and fast QA ,-leaming is much faster than QA-Iearning. Mutual information is a measure of the statistical dependency between two random variables based on Shannon' s entropy and it is defined as the following: The hierarchy is determined by the group identifier of the catalog structure that refers to the identifier of its parent group. While TagAssist did not outperform the original tag set  , the performance is significantly better than the baseline system without tag compression and case evaluation. See e. g. " Game Theory " by Fudenberg and Tirole 4 pp. Notice that the DREAM model utilize an iterative method in learning users' representation vectors. Next we examined transitive retrieval to gauge its impact on notranslation CLIR. Those models are based on the Harris Harris  , 1968 distributional hypothesis  , which states that words that appear in similar context have similar meanings. The last line is explicitly fitting a mixedeffects model using the function lme in the nlme package. The improvements of precision and popular tag coverage are statistically significant  , both up to more than 10%. In order to evaluate the effect of adding word embeddings  , we introduce two extensions to the baselines that use the embedding features: Embedding  , Single that uses a single embedding for every document F c e features  , and Embedding  , POS that maintains different embeddings for common nouns  , proper nouns and verbs F p e features; see Section 3.1 for details. UDCombine1. Because of the formulation  , Spearman rank correlation coefficients are unsuitable for comparisons between distributions with highly unequal scales  , such as the case for comparing classes set cardinality 2 and continuous features. Deep learning structures are well formulated to describe instinct semantic representations. , passages matching at least one query word is eligible for scoring but encourages AND-semantics i.e. However  , the application is completely different. HARP78 ,VANR77 Finally. SGD requires gradients  , which can be effectively calculated as follows: Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. The tasks compared the result 'click' distributions where the length of the summary was manipulated. Boldface indicates that the W value of a combined resource is equal or above the lowest W of the single resources that are combined. Therefore  , the quality in use in different usage contexts is very important for the spreading of these knowledge bases. Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input  , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. The study used a structuring method  , in which those words that were derived from the same Finnish word were grouped into the same facet. Other methods require  , in fact  , setting the dwell time threshold before the model is actually built. where ni is the document frequency of term ti and N is the total number of documents. Two synthetic datasets generated using RDF benchmark generators BSBM 2 and SP2B 3 were used for scalability evaluation. CLIR methods involving machine translation systems  , bilingual dictionaries  , parallel and comparable collections are currently being  explored. Finally  , Figure 4shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity at all ranks. In this simulation  , folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not considered.  We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. is implemented as a rule-based system. Based on this fundamental idea of CLIR  , we can define a corresponding Mixed-script IR MSIR setup as follows. There were 100 trees used in the random forest approach and in the ensemble for the random subspace approach. The promising results we obtained during experimentations encourage us to propose and experiment new profiling techniques that take into account the number of transferred triples and compare with the current profiling technique. The CCF between two time series describes the normalized cross covariance and can be computed as: A common measure for the correlation is the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient. Our goal is to assess the UMLS Metathesaurus based CLIR approach within this context. As a branch of applied mathematics  , game theory thus focuses on the formal consideration of strategic interactions  , such as the existence of equilibriums and economic applications 6. The null hypothesis states that the observed times were drawn from the same distribution  , which means that there is no context bias effect. On both datasets  , the feature weight shows that powerful users tend to express a more varied range of emotions. As a consequence  , for a given problem the rule-based optimization always yield to the same set of solutions. However  , our approach is unique in several senses. During learning phase  , the support vector machine will be trained to learn the edge and non­ edge pattern. Furthermore  , the mapping at product level allows to specify the manufacturer part number  , product name and description  , and condition of the product. At IBM  , a variety of approaches have been considered for estimating the wallet of customers for information technology IT products  , including heuristic approaches and predictive modeling. Both benchmarks allow for the creation of arbitrary sized data sets  , although the number of attributes for any given class is lower than the numbers found in the ssa. In order to demonstrate self-folding  , a design was chosen that incorporates the four requirements listed above: the inchworm robot shown in Fig. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. Furthermore  , based on this index structure  , Tagster incorporates a tag-based user characterization that takes into account the global tag statistics for better navigation and ranking of resources. In terms of portability  , vertical balancing may be improved by modeling the similarity in terms of predictive evidence between source verticals. For example  , our Space Physics application 14 requires the FFT Fast Fourier Transform to be applied on large vector windows and we use OS-Split and OS- Join to implement an FFT-specific stream partitioning strategy. We also note that BSS is not consistent on these two platforms: for example  , it doesn't work well in the iPhone 5 dataset 0.510 on MRR@All on 0.537 on MRR@Last by BSS-last. Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. Logical query optimization uses equalities of query expressions to transform a logical query plan into an equivalent query plan that is likely to be executed faster or with less costs. A possible reason is that many of the interclass invocations are associated with APIs whose parameters are often named more carefully. The main contribution of this paper is in laying the foundations for a semantic search engine over XML documents. To form a base-line set of top documents  , we collected the top 20 results for 5000 queries from a commercial search engine . It Wu et al. The evaluation is based on the QALD 5 benchmark on DBpedia 6 10 . Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in Thus  , it helps IMRank to converge to a good ranking if influential nodes are initially ranked high. Representations for interaction have a long history in social psychology and game theory 4  , 6. 4due to the unsuitable profile model. BCDRW requires three inputs: a normalized adjacency matrix W  , a normalized probability distribution d that encodes the prior ranking  , and a dumpling factor λ that balances the two. This is normal because the cache has a limited size and the temporal locality of the cache reduce its utility. Figure 3 a and b present the topical communities extracted with the basic PLSA model  , and Figure 3c and d present the topical communities extracted with NetPLSA. portant drawbacks with lineage for information exchange and query optimization using views. , denotes the set of common items rated by both and . This can be perceived from results already. If a word has no embedding  , the word is considered as having no word semantic relatedness knowledge. We calculate these metrics for both the fitted model and the actual data  , and compare the results. This paper presented the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval. This makes each optimization step independent of the total number of available datapoints. We will take an approach that estimates the product ~b = X00 by using a conditional joint density function as the likelihood function. The geometric mean does not change dramatically  , because most queries do not touch more data on a larger dataset. There might be two possible reasons. The resulting groups are then used to define the memberships of modules. , 25 ,000 updates in a database of l ,OOO ,OOO objects   , we obtained speed-up factors of more than 10 versus DBSCAN. Connectedness: Second  , the Routing Engine scores each user according to the degree to which she herself — as a person  , independently of her topical expertise — is a good " match " for the asker for this information query. We have thus demonstrated how the Kolmogorov- Smirnov Test may be used in identifying the proportion of features which are significantly different within two data samples. Similarly  , the average improvement in Pearson correlation rises from 7% to 14% on average. News has traditionally been delivered in pre-packaged forms originally in newspapers   , which h a ve subsequently been joined by radio and television broadcasts  , and most recently by internet news services. The log-likelihood function could be represented as:   , YN }  , we need to estimate the optimal model setting Θ = {λ k } K k=1   , which maximizes the conditional likelihood defined in Eq1 over the training set. In this work  , we show that the database centric probabilistic retrieval model has various interesting properties for both automatic image annotation and semantic retrieval.  BSBM SQL 4 contains a join between two tables product and producttypeproduct and three subqueries  , two of them are used as OR operators. Figure 6shows the distribution of queries over clients. However  , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D still discriminates most other ranks we find this by limiting the set of query sessions  , which are used to compute the vector states sr  , to query sessions generated by queries of similar frequencies and having a particular set of clicks. The most notable improvements over previous versions are the support of external catalogs and multiple languages  , and the consistent renaming of the ambiguous term ARTICLE to PRODUCT. In order to realize the personal fitting functions  , a surface model is adopted. The worst performance is by LD. Query session := <query  , context> clicked document* Each session contains one query  , its corresponding context and a set of documents which the user clicked on or labeled which we will call clicked documents. Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. the main topic  , we utilize Doc2Vec 4. , the shared data item. Similarly  , 16  integrated linkage weighting calculated from a citation graph into the content-based probabilistic weighting model to facilitate the publication retrieval. The type of the tax is set to TurnoverTax  , since all taxes in BMEcat are by definition turnover taxes. Boolean assertions in programming languages and testing frameworks embody this notion. The base heuristic is calculated by running a 2D Dijkstra search for the robot base for which the goal region is defined by a circle centered around the x  , y projection of the goal pose. We present optimization strategies for various scenarios of interest. We are currently investigating techniques to identify these effectively tagged blog posts and hope to incorporate it into future versions of TagAssist. We proposed a new Word Embedding-based topic coherence metric  , and instantiated it using 8 different WE models. NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also memorizes whether a user clicked on the first document. By emphasizing the discriminative power specificity of a term  , LIB reduces weights of terms commonly shared by unrelated documents  , leading to fewer of these documents being grouped together smaller false positive and higher precision. the probabilistic model offers justification for various methods that had previously been used in automatic retrieval environments on an empirical basis. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. dynamic programming  , greedy  , simulated annealing  , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 22. Then  , the following relation exists between However  , this extended method makes the problem of finding the optimal combination of DMP values even trickier and ultimately unmanageable for most human administrators. The robot then uses a Dijkstra-based graph search 20 to find the shortest path to the destination. Thus the approximated objective function is: To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. In this paper  , we utilize PLSA for discovering and matching web services. Figure 1 illustrates the complete encoderdecoder model. On the other hand  , it is apparent that to fully benefit from RaPiD7 training is required  , too. The above likelihood function can then be maximized with respect to its parameters. Semantic query optimization is well motivated in the literature6 ,5 ,7  , as a new dimension to conventional query optimization. In particular  , we will test how well our approach carries over to different types of domains. The KS test is slightly more powerful than the Mann-Whitney's U test in the sense that it cares only about the relative distribution of the data and the result does not change due to transformations applied to the data. The mapping of product classes and features is shown in Table 3. BSBM generates a query mix based on 12 queries template and 40 predicates. ,and rdel  , the whole databases wereincrementally inserted and deleted  , although& = 0 for the 2D spatial database. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. However  , there are a number of requirements that differ from the traditional materialized view context. From the experimental results   , we can see that SAE model outperforms other machine learning methods. An exploration space is structured based on selected actions and a Q-table for the exploration is created. We compare the native SQL queries N  , which are specified in the BSBM benchmark with the ones resulting from the translation of SPARQL queries generated by Morph. The likelihood function of a graph GV  , E given the latent labeling is To combat the above problem  , we propose a generalized LFA strategy that trades a slight increase in running time for better accuracy in estimating Mr  , and therefore improves the performance of IMRank on influence spread. Given the wide availability of standard word embedding software and word lists for most languages  , both resources are significantly easier to obtain than manually curating lexical paraphrases   , for example by creating WordNet synsets. Additionally  , we will assess the impact of full-text components over regular LD components for QA  , partake in the creation of larger benchmarks we are working on QALD-5 and aim towards multilingual  , schema-agnostic queries. Consequently   , the DMP method cannot react to dynamic changes of the mix of transactions that constitute the current load. Besides the random projections of generating binary code methods  , several machine learning methods are developed recently. In DBSCAN a cluster is defined as a set of densely-connected points controlled by  which maximize density-reachability and must contain at least M inP ts points. requiring a minimum of 90 samples given the population of 1376 products in the BMEcat. In literature  , multi-view learning is a well-studied area which learns from data that do not share common feature space 27. From the above results  , we conclude that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D learns the concept " current document rank " although we do not explicitly provide this concept in the document representation. All correlations with an absolute value larger than 0.164 are statistically significant at p < 0.05. It shows PLSA can capture users' interest and recommend questions effectively. Instead of evaluating every distinct word or document during each gradient step in order to compute the sums in equations 9 and 10  , hierarchical softmax uses two binary trees  , one with distinct documents as leaves and the other with distinct words as leaves. , we do not consider conditions on other attributes. This ensures that our dataset enables measuring recall and all of the query-document matches  , even non-trivial  , are present. Current approaches of learning word embedding 2  , 7  , 15  focus on modeling the syntactic context. The differences between all strategies breadth-first  , random search  , and Pex's default search strategy were negligible. For simplicity  , we only discuss CLIR modeling in this section. These data should be used for optimization  , i.e. By adopting cross-domain learning ideas  , DTL 28 and GFK 10 were superior to the Tag ranking  , but were inferior to the deep learning-based approach DL. 17 For comparison  , on KE4IR website we make available for download an instance of SOLR a popular search engine based on Lucene indexing the same document collection used in our evaluation  , and we report on its performances on the test queries. Basically  , DBSCAN is based on notion of density reachability. Based on this observed transition and reward the Q-function is updated using This method learns a random for- est 2  with each tree greedily optimized to predict the relevance labels y jk of the training examples. The probabilistic retrieval model is attractive because it provides a theoretical foundation for the retrieval operation which takes into account the notion of document relevance. Thus  , specific terms are useful to describe the relevance feature of a topic. G-Portal shares similar goals with existing digital libraries such as ADEPT 1  , DLESE 9 and CYCLADES 5 . Based on these semantic annotations  , an intelligent semantic search system can be implemented. WEAVER was used to induce a bilingual lexicon for our approach to CLIR. To avoid problems of over-fitting  , we regularize the model weights using L2 regularization. Furthermore  , the correlations between different concepts have not been fully exploited in previous research. A bad initial ranking prefers nodes with low influence. The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. This mechanism guarantees a new pattern will be correctly assigned into corresponding clusters. The former is noise and thus needs to be removed before detectin the latter. A contextaware Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. A notable feature of the Fuhr model is the integration of indexing and retrieval models. , are provided by the Access Service itself. Hit-ratio is measured during the real round. In the rst stage  , a context independent system was build. their mAP values: Various other theorists introduced the concept of Entropy to general systems. This generated a total of 34 problem evaluations  , consisting of 3060 suggested concepts/keywords. As a result  , large SPARQL queries often execute with a suboptimal plan  , to much performance detriment. In this paper  , we propose to use CLQS as an alternative to query translation  , and test its effectiveness in CLIR tasks. Dynamic programming. Unlike the regular KLSH that adopts a single kernel  , BMKLSH employs a set of m kernels for the hashing scheme. In addition  , under the two different diffusion models  , IMRank shows similar improvements on influence spread from the relative improvement angle. Second  , the monitoring and control of memoryaccessing events often have large overhead. Moreover  , the Pearson product moment correlation coefficient 8  , 1 I  is utilized to measure the correlation between two itemsets. We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques  , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . We run an experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M  , hosted on the same LDF server with 2 differents URLs. quasi-Newton method. 11. The next section presents our method based on term proximity to score the documents. The controller is based on the real-time dynamic programming technique of Barto  , Bradtke & Singh 1994 . As in 7  , quarterly data were the most stable ones. Lib instances. Furthermore the LSH based method E2LSH is proposed in 20. The motivation for this work was to use transfer learning  , when the source and target domain share only a subset of classes. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. However  , because we are exploiting highly relevant documents returned by a search engine  , we observe that even our unsupervised scoring function produces high quality results as shown in Section 5. In sequence-to-sequence generation tasks  , an LSTM defines a distribution over outputs and sequentially predicts tokens using a softmax function. This provides a measure of the quality of executing a state-action pair. However  , RaPiD7 is not focusing on certain artifacts or phases of software development  , and actually does not state which kind of documents or artifacts could be produced using the method  , but leaves this to the practitioner of the method. However  , in some queries the translation results show significant differences  , such as in Q04 and Q05. By using the imported surface model  , the personal fitting function is thought to be realized. In ll  the classification task is performed by a self-organizing Kohonen's map. The above question can be reformulated as follows. distributions amounts to fitting a model with squared loss. It needed 76 evaluations  , but the chosen optimum had a yield below 10 units: worse than all the other methods  , indicating that the assumption of a global quadratic is inadequate in this domain. We then showed that the probabilistic structured query method is a special case of our meaning matching model when only query translation knowledge is used. Computing the dK-2 distributions is also a factor  , but rarely contributes more than 1 hour to the total fitting time. Dijkstra says " a program with an error is just wrong " 10. Under the bag-of-words assumption  , the generative probability of word w in document d is obtained through a softmax function over the vocabulary: Each document vector is trained to predict the words it contains. The randomized ensemble of EMMI and FC which we shall now call FCMI achieves the highest accuracy rates compared to individual MDTs. likelihood function. For each dataset  , the table reports the query time  , the error ratio and the number of hash tables required  , to achieve three different search quality recall values. We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. The idea behind EasyEnsemble is quite simple. However  , it was the worst-performing model on the bed object. There are two possibilities to model them in BMEcat  , though. Though real-time dynamic programming converges to an optimal solution quickly  , several modifications are proposed to further speed-up the convergence. The average reference accuracy is the average over all the references. The goal in RaPiD7 is to benefit the whole project by creating as many of the documents as possible using RaPiD7. If the predicate belongs to the profile  , the frequency of this predicate is incremented by one and the timestamp associated to this entry is updated. In the three semantic relevance approaches 4  , 5  , and 6  , a cutoff value of 0.5 was used. Furthermore  , it can minimize the proliferation of repeated  , incomplete  , or outdated definitions of the same product master data across various online retailers; by means of simplifying the consumption of authoritative product master data from manufacturers by any size of online retailer. Fu and Guo 2 proposed a method to learn taxonomy structure via word embedding. A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. It can be seen that Q-learning incorporated with DYNA or environmental·information reduce about 50 percent of the number of steps taken by the agent. Figure 2awas taken from these data. We choose the Shannon entropy as the opthising functional. i.e.