Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos    , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. However    , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets and is different from the traditional method of using materialized views to answer queries. That is: 
LIBti    , d =    1 − n i N 1 − ln n i N ti ∈ d − n i N 1 − ln n i N ti ∈ d 14 
where ni is the document frequency of term ti and N is the total number of documents. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. INTRODUCTION
In recent years    , Weblogs or blogs in short have become a popular type of media on the Web. SIGIR 2007 Proceedings Session 25: Combination and Fusion 
Feature Selection
We first consider the problem of feature selection    , i.e.   , learning to rank for Microblog retrieval and answer reranking for Question Answering. Furthermore    , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. Model Formulation
 Based on the assumptions defined above    , in this section we propose a Two-Dimensional Click Model TDCM to explain the observed clicks. We found that we are able to predict correctly implicit state information based on geospatial named entities using a Random Forest RF classifier with precision of 0.989    , recall 0.798    , and F1 of 0.883    , for Pennsylvania. Each element function fcw is a negative log-likelihood function with the 2 norm for composition c    , which is a single element of set C. 
Optimization
There are a few issues with optimizing the composite objectives in 3.6. Nginx is the reverse proxy with a cache set to 1 GB. Term-Weighting Components
In 
simq    , d = t∈q w td × wtq 1 
where simq    , d is the similarity measure between a query q and a document d. Ten years after Salton and Buckley's proposal    , the work of Zobel and Moffat 
Genetic Programming
 Genetic Programming GP    , an inductive learning technique introduced by Koza in 
COMBINED COMPONENT APPROACH
Our Combined Component Approach CCA is a GP-based approach for discovering good ranking formulas. The log-likelihood contains a log function over summations of terms with λt defined by Equation 5    , which can make parameter inference intractable. The setup environment is composed of an LDF server    , a reverse proxy and different number of clients. Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels    , product classes    , properties    , value instances    , and top-level classes for each product ontology. Our goal is to design a good indexing method for similarity search of large-scale datasets that can achieve high search quality with high time and space efficiency. In the digital age    , the value of images depends on how easily they can be located    , searched for relevance    , and retrieved. To achieve this goal    , we first partition the timeline into N continuous bins of equal size. Finally     , if the effective number of particles �ωt� −2 2 falls below a threshold we stochastically replicate each particle based on its normalized weight. For tagging with batch-mode    , it took three seconds for a photo collection of 200 photos 800*600 pixels . CLEF will provide the opportunity for monolingual system testing and tuning and build up test suites in other European languages beginning with French   , Evaluation
Using the semantic relevance measure    , retrieval tasks were performed to evaluate the semantic relevance measure and the categorized and weighted pictogram retrieval approach. Experimental Setup
We extended the LDF client 2 with the CyCLaDEs model presented in Sect.   , the numberof times w occurred in d. I t i s w orth noticing that an equivalent symmetric version of the model can be obtained by i n verting the conditional probability P zjd with the help of Alternating 5 with 68 deenes a convergent procedure that approaches a local maximum of the logglikelihood in 3. 2. Currently    , there are a number of commercial products available for individual communities to create their specialized digital library for example    , http://www.software.ibm.com/is/dig- lib/v2factsheet. With a simple and fast heuristic we determine the language of the document: we assume the document to be in the language in which it contains the most stopwords. the two baselines    , when using a random forest as the base classifier. *; : Surrogate s = new Surrogate  url ; s.save; 
The application produces a repository of surrogates    , which represents    , and adds value to    , the D-Lib on-line journal. Such representations can guide knowledge transfer from the source to the target domain. Our selected encoding of the input query as pairs of wordpositions and their respective cluster id values allows us to employ the random forest architecture over variable length input. She also chooses a city DuTH B vs A +24  ,58% +23  ,14% +41  ,19% and rates its consisting POIs using the same criteria. Finally    , we reiterated the importance of choosing expansion terms that model relevance    , rather than the relevant documents and showed how LCE captures both syntactic and query-side semantic dependencies. Creation of Relevant Pictogram 
Set. TEXT REPRESENTATION FOR TEXT CATEGORIZATION SUBTASKS
The track provided the full text of the journal articles in both SGML and XML form.   , QDrop-Out = {q0    , q0 
DEEP LEARNING TO RESPOND
 In this section    , we describe the deep model for query-reply ranking and merging. Fusion of LIB & LIF
While LIB uses binary term occurrence to estimate least information a document carries in the term    , LIF measures the amount of least information based on term frequency. Among them    , some of the studies attempt to learn a positive/negative classifier at the document level. INTRODUCTION
 Recent developments in the conceptual view of Information Retrieval marked a departure from the traditional models of relevance and the emergence of language modeling frameworks    , introduced by Ponte and Croft 
Earlier work on probabilistic models of information retrieval 
RELATED WORK
 There are two directions of information retrieval research that provide a theoretical foundation for our model: the now classic work on probabilistic models of relevance    , and the recent developments in language modeling techniques for IR. As we can see in 
Query-Directed vs. Step-Wise Probing
This subsection presents the experimental results of the differences between the query-directed and step-wise probing sequences for the multi-probe LSH indexing method. Next    , we presented techniques for extracting researcher names and research interests from their homepages. The task is to estimate the relevance of the image and the query for each test query-image pair    , and then for each query    , we order the images based on the prediction scores returned by our trained ranking model. Experiments conducted on two real datasets show that SoCo evidently outperforms the state-of-the-art context-aware and social recommendation models. Assuming an industrial setting    , long-term attention models that include the searcher's general interest in addition to the current session context can be expected to become powerful tools for a wide number of inference tasks. 2 
Comparison between Our Method and the Traditional Materialized View Method
Our fast detection method for empty-result queries uses some data structure similar to materialized views − each atomic query part stored in the collection C aqp can be regarded as a " mini " materialized view. Similar to the click modeling for document retrieval    , this sumption explains why top ranked queries receive more clicks even though they are not necessarily relevant to the given prefix. These synonyms are obtained from WordNet 
CrossEntp    , q = − px logqx 9 
where p is the true distribution one-hot vector representing characters in the tweet and q is the output of the softmax. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. Since log L is a strictly increasing function    , the parameters of Θ which maximize log-likelihood of log L also maximize the likelihood L 
1–3
. Research in 978-1-4799-5569-5/14/$31.00 c 2014 IEEE. Document Scoring
We want our event scoring function to take into account the page's likelihood of discussing an event    , therefore we include a document-level score αD. We used the reference linking API to analyze D-Lib articles. , SVA and CR    , and SVA 2 and CR 2     , respectively. Specifically    , we consider three classes of signals: 
 User Because of user specialisation    , we expect that most of the repin activities of the user is restricted to only a few categories    , and furthermore    , even amongst these categories    , there may be a skewed interest favouring certain categories over others . The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest. An example for our CQA intent classification task may be {G : 0.3    , CQA : 0.7}    , which means that the forest assessment of an input query is that it is a general Web query G with 30% probability    , and a CQA query CQA with 70% probability. In the 
a b 
Profile size = 5 Profile size = 30 
Conclusion and Future Work
In this paper    , we presented CyCLaDEs    , a behavioral decentralized cache for LDF clients. From the definition of time-dependent marginalized kernel     , we can observe that the semantic similarity between two queries given the timestamp t is determined by two factors . Once the relevant pictograms are selected    , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. Intmduction
We consider the following dependency inference problem: 
Given a relation r    , fii a set of functional dependencies that logically determines all the functional dependencies holding in r. 
The problem area of lnferrlng general rules from instances of data has become popularly lcno%i as muchine learning MCM83    , MCM861 or knowfedpe acouisifion. Further more    , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data. We developed a selection-centric context language model and a selection-centric context semantic model to measure user interest. Rule definition
The rule definition module is a modular tool which offers a language for rule programming and a rule programming interface for dynamic creation or modification of rules within an application. The tax levied by user i is computed based on the Clarke Tax formulation as follows: 
πig *  = X j =i vj arg max g∈G X k =i v k g − X j =i vjg *  3 
 Note user i's tax πig *  for selecting outcome g * is composed of two portions    , that are computed over a group of users excluding user i. As shown in 
SIGIR 2007 Proceedings Session 25: Combination and Fusion 
Comparison with alternative methods
To verify that the sentiment information captured by the S-PLSA model plays an important role in box office revenue prediction    , we compare ARSA with two alternative methods which do not take sentiment information into consideration. In all experiments on the four benchmark collections    , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. Dijkstra 1969 EWD-249    , derived in a systematic way. – We evaluate our approach by extending LDF client with CyCLaDEs. Five different learning coefficients ranging: from 0.002 to 0.1 are experimented. TREC Text REtrieval Conference 
EVALUATING OBJECT RETRIEVAL
 The broad class of search technologies that exploit semantic data encodings are often called semantic search systems 
Ad-Hoc Object Retrieval
Arriving at a common evaluation methodology requires the definition of a shared task that is accepted by the community as the one that is most relevant to potential applications of the field. Similar schemata could be derived using a method described by G. VEILLON 
Using this transition scheme    , we obtain from VVV 
proc mod = nat a    , nat b na__t _t : 
Fvar nat r := a    , var nat dd :
r  
 This is the usual program for division using binary number representation cf. The correlation between the two measures was evaluated using the Pearson correlation coefficient and Kendall's−τ 4 . Request permissions from permissions@acm.org. We h a ve performed Figure 2: Folding in a query conisting of the terms aid"    , food"    , medical"    , people"    , UN"    , and war": evolution of posterior probabilities and the mixing proportions P zjq rightmost column in each bar plot for the four factors depicted in 
Folding-In Queries
 Folding-in refers to the problem of computing a representation for a document or query that was not contained in the original training collection. But we do not use RMSE because the graded relevance and the estimated relevance have different scales from 0 to 2    , and from 0 to 1 respectively. Both our weighting scheme and the two weighting schemes to be compared are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method to predict ratings for test users. The prediction of character at each time step is given by: 
P Ct|· = sof tmaxTt    , ht−1 
8 
where Ct refers to the character at time-step t    , Tt represents the one-hot vector of the character at time-step t. The result from the softmax is a decoded tweet matrix T dec     , which is eventually compared with the actual tweet or a synonymreplaced version of the tweet explained in Section 3 for learning the parameters of the model. 1 It is interesting to note that by ignoring the actual document content    , i.e. Subsequently    , TermPicker calculates various feature values for each candidate x in conjunction with the query-SLP slp q . We had hoped that with the CLIR track in its third year    , more groups would start to experiment with non-English query languages. As of now we do not perform any person specific disambiguation however one could treat acknowledged persons as coauthors and use random forest based author disambiguation 
Searching and Ranking
AckSeer provides a search interface to access millions of acknowledged entities that were extracted from more than 500  ,000 papers and books. Continued growth depends on understanding the creative motivations and challenges inherent in this industry    , but the lack of collections focused on game development documentation is stifling academic progress. KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels    , evaluate their mAP values on the training set    , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value. Our approach requires each owner i to associate a value vig to preference g proportional to how important this preference is for him. There are 3 major contributions in this work: 1 we propose a contextual query reformulation framework with ranking fusions for the conversation task; 2 we integrate multi-dimension of ranking evidences     , i.e. The hierarchy nodes may be accessed more than once    , so they must be stored in separate locations. We conducted personal photo tagging on 7  ,000 real personal photos and personal photo search on the MIT-Adobe FiveK photo dataset. The experiments show that with our estimate of the relevance model    , classical probabilistic models of retrieval outperform state-of-the-art heuristic and language modeling approaches. If the response structure e.g. For example    , the independent assumption between different columns can be relaxed to capture multi-column interdependency. Conclusion and Future Plans
This paper presented the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval. We present a selection-centric context language model and a selection-centric context semantic model for modeling and understanding context. Here our new least information model departs from the classic measure of information as reduction of uncertainty entropy. This has been done in a heuristic fashion in the past    , and may have stifled the performance of classical probabilistic approaches. In preliminary experiments we were able to achieve higher performance by using a different type of smoothing on the document models. We can briefly show why the Clarke-Tax approach maximizes the users' truthfulness by an additional    , simpler example. There is one Map instance for each ExprXlass in the logical search space. These three input parameters have already been introduced before. A version of the corpus is annotated with various linguistic information such as part-of-speech    , morphology    , UMLS semantic classes. We assume independence between lemmas . Note that search engine operations such as stemming and case-folding may preclude highlighting by re-scanning the retrieved documents for the search terms. To remain focused    , we use a single representative for each family of approaches: Random Forest 3-step for classification and Random Forests for ranking. In the future we plan to apply deep learning approach to other IR applications    , e.g. 5 Due to the utilization of a set of special properties of empty result sets    , its coverage detection capability is often more powerful than that of a traditional materialized view method. In general    , we propose to maximize the following normalized likelihood function with a relative weight c~    , 
 N~N6w K log k N~ 6' K  + N.zXlog 4     , e     , 4 
with respect to all parameters   ,I   ,    , ~    , r. The normalization ensures that each document gets the same weight irrespective of its length; 0 < c~ < 1 has to be specified a priori. , in 
RETRIEVAL MODEL
In this section we derive our ranking mechanism. Identification of Core Concepts
Studies on the identification of core concepts in digital resources have been carried out in different experimental setups    , involving varying degrees of human intervention. As the first click model for QAC    , our TDCM model could be extended in several ways in the future. If the friendship measure is larger than the threshold    , the friend ID with its rating information is sent back to the target peer. For each blog entry b    , the sentiments towards a movie are summarized using a vector of the posterior probabilities of the hidden sentiment factors    , P z|b. The results show that query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the step-wise probing sequence. Single dimension with no hierarchies
 In this case the subcube C b consists of a onedimensional array of T real-values. Many methods are available to optimize the objective function above.   , museums    , landmarks    , and galleries. Although the methods resemble each other in many ways    , the differences are evident. propose a simpler yet more effective solution for image embedding 
ZERO-SHOT IMAGE TAGGING
Problem Statement
 Given an unlabeled image    , the goal of zero-shot image tagging is to automatically tag the image with labels that have no training examples available. Overview of CLIR
There are three main ways in which cross-language information retrieval approaches attempt to "cross the language barrier" – through query translation    , or document translation    , or both.   , precision and purity. This characterizes the level of noise inherent in an n-gram indexing scheme; the significance of a particular similarity measure value could be described as the number of standard deviations it falls above the mean of the noise distribution. We then refine this and predict which pinboard is used    , if the category chosen by the user is known. Note that F w is a sum of a finite number of strongly convex and smooth functions and Rw is a general convex function that is non-differentiable. Our model first determines the score of a candidate reply given the reformulated query    , based on the candidate reply and its associated posting Subsection 5.1.   , QDrop-Out = {q0    , q0 
DEEP LEARNING TO RESPOND
 In this section    , we describe the deep model for query-reply ranking and merging. Sine~ each node consists of only 24 bytes and the top-down search is closer to a depth-first search than a breadth-first search    , the amount of space required by the hierarchy n·odes is not excessive. The first order derivatives are: 
= e −v u  ,i  ,t ·r u  ,i  ,t 1 + e −v u  ,i  ,t ·r u  ,i  ,t · −ru  ,i  ,t 
 Based on the above derivation    , we can use the stochastic gradient descent method to find the optimal parameters. The profile characterizes the content of the cache of LDF client at a given moment. Image tagging aims to automatically assign concepts to images and has been studied intensively in the past decade    , while transfer deep learning has drawn a great deal of attention recently with the success of deep learning techniques. The accuracy and effectiveness of our model have been confirmed by the experiments on the movie data set. We generated four query sets    , although space aliens in black helicopters managed to prevent two of them from appearing in the official query track collection. We used Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 
Impact of the Number of the Clients on the Behavioral Cache. Given the limitation of automatic translation systems    , our plan is to include bilingual dictionaries to improve the quality of the automatically generated parallel corpus. We use this value to predict user's interest in a page which he has not yet visited but which other users have. Pair programming transforms what has traditionally been a solitary activity into a cooperative effort. Different from the traditional PLSA 
RELATED WORK
Sentiment Mining
Most existing work on sentiment mining sometimes also under the umbrella of opinion mining focuses on determining the semantic orientations of documents. RQ3: Is there evidence of linguistic bias based on the race of the person described  ? Three experiments were conducted    , one based on nouns    , one based on stylometric properties    , and one based on punctuation statistics. Recently    , max pooling has been generalized to kmax pooling 
Softmax
The output of the penultimate convolutional and pooling layers x is passed to a fully connected softmax layer. The steps of RaPiD7 method are presented in 
1. Preparation 
Invitation 
Kick
Related work
Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist    , too. Prec@ 
CONCLUSION
In the study    , we examine the CLIR approach that learns a statistical translation model from an automatically generated parallel corpus by an online translation system. Hence a mechanism should be provided to make the DBMS itself extensible by user defined functions such that they become part of the DBMS's query language. PREDICTING REFERENCE QUALITY
 We model reference quality from three aspects: the coherence of the context    , the clarity of the selection    , and the relevance of the reference with respect to the selection and the context. , projection    , duplicate elimination that have no influence on the emptiness of the query output. Next    , we calculate the probability of being positive or negative regarding each topic    , P pos|z and P neg|z using pseudo-training images    , assuming that all other candidates images than pseudo positive images are negative samples. We first analyzed the theoretical property of kernel LSH KLSH. Previous studies of linguistic bias have involved manually annotating textual descriptions of people by LCM categories 
We measure the above properties in various ways    , and using appropriate statistical models    , compare their use in IMDb biographies across actor race and gender. Decoder
The decoder operates on the encoded representation with two layers of LSTMs. To add more credit to the friends who share common ratings with the target peer    , we use an Copyright is held by the author/owners. Our official submission    , however    , was based on the reduced document model in which text between certain tags was indexed. We further emphasized that it is of crucial importance to develop a proper combination of multiple kernels for determining the bit allocation task in KLSH    , although KLSH and MKLSH with naive use of multiple kernels have been proposed in literature. Probabilistic Retrieval Model for Semi-structured Data
The probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S 
P F k ∈F PM w|F k PM F k  
1 
Here    , PM w|Fj is calculated by dividing the number of occurrences for term w by total term counts in the field Fj across the whole collection. For even larger datasets    , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. Score Distribution Learning
Distributions for random variables X s Q u b may be obtained by learning a score distribution P X s i  for each join input i. We now study how the choice of these parameter values affects the prediction accuracy. Whereas LIF well supported recall    , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin    , particularly in terms of purity    , precision    , and rand index. For some scenarios    , our strategies yield provably optimal plans; for others the strategies are heuristic ones. The model can be directly used to derive quantitative predictions about term and link occurrences. Given that our system is trained off this data    , we believe we can drastically improve the performance of our system by identifying the blog posts have been effectively tagged    , meaning that the tags associated with the post are likely to be considered relevant by other users. 6 can be estimated by maximizing the following data log-likelihood function    , 
Lω    , α= M u=1 N v=1 log Nz z=1  1 Ze u exp j=1 αzjgjeu δruv K i=1 ωzifieu    , dv 
7 
where M is the number of the entities and N is the number of the documents in training set. After enough information about previously-executed    , empty-result queries has been accumulated in C aqp     , our method can often successfully detect empty-result queries and avoid the expensive query execution. This type of dependence covers phrases    , term proximity    , and term co-occurrence 
SIGIR 2007 Proceedings Session 13: Formal Models 
after query expansion. LSH INDEXING
The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. Further    , we limit ourselves to the " Central " evaluation setting that is    , only central documents are accepted as relevant and use F1 as our evaluation measure. Furthermore    , LSs can be customized by teachers or learners    , and may include tools to promote learning. Methods with the LIB quantity    , especially LIB    , LIB+LIF    , and LIB*LIF    , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy    , e.g. Evaluation
To evaluate TagAssist    , we used data provided to use by Technorati    , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. In order to implement this principle    , we would first parse the abstract to identify complete facts: the right semantic terms plus the right relationship among them    , as specified in the query topic. It was almost as if the default language of the interface was subconsciously suggesting to the user how they should undertake their information retrieval activities. Moreover    , it is worth noticing that    , since the search strategy and the application context are independent from each other    , it is possible to easily re-use and experiment strategies developed in other disciplines    , e.g. To simplify our experiments    , we dropped the document segments that were in the gold standard but were not in the ranked list of selected retrieved segments although we could have kept them by folding them into the LSA spaces. The weights tried were: w = 1 no upweighting    , w = 5    , and w = 6. For each combination of the parameters    , we run the inference for 100 iterations. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 
We find that domain experts can agree on concept coreness ratings    , and that intermediate-level annotated features can be used to computationally predict these coreness ratings. Note that    , in practice    , it is generally infeasible to consider all the words appearing in the blog entries as potential features     , because the feature set would be extremely large in the order of 100  ,000 in our data set    , and the cost of constructing a document-feature matrix could be prohibitively high. Dataset
As mentioned    , we collected massive conversation resources from various forums    , microblog websites    , and cQA platforms including Baidu Zhidao 6     , Douban forum 7     , Baidu Tieba 8     , Sina Weibo 9     , etc. Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. Our method can not only discover topic milestone papers discussed in previous work    , but also explore venue milestone papers and author milestone papers. Most steps just move the point of the simplex where the objective value is largest highest point to a lower point with the smaller objective value. CONCLUSION AND FUTURE WORK
In this paper    , we proposed a novel probabilistic model for blog opinion retrieval. Specifically    , we use Clickture as " labeled " data for semantic queries and train the ranking model. The final output of the forest is a weighted sum of the class distributions output by all of the trees in the forest. The model is based on PLSA    , and authorship    , published venues and citation relations have been included in it. The general scheme for this transformation for procedures without parameters and results ig see DIJKSTRA 
$ 
The iterative normal form thus consists of three parts: initialization    , repetition    , result indication. The bi-directional LSTM has 128 hidden units for each dimension ; CNN is 256 dimensional with a window size of 3. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 
RELATED WORK
 Prior research on two topics directly inform our study: 1 identification of core concepts in educational digital library resources    , and 2 automatic computation of semantic similarity between short text fragments. |   | 1 ^       l y l l Test x R r L MAE l − = ∑ 9 
where Test L denotes the number of the test ratings. Furthermore    , I would like to thank the pilot users and teams in Nokia    , especially I would like to thank Stephan Irrgang    , Roland Meyer    , Thomas Wirtz    , Juha Yli-Olli and Miia Forssell. Overall    , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. Typical tools include the Fast Fourier Transform FFT    , as well as the Discrete Wavelet Transform DWT 
Background material
In this section we give a very brief introduction to some necessary background material. Several papers formalized position bias using probabilistic models    , such as the Cascade model Another attractive property is that the proposal is constant and does not depend on ztd    , thus    , we precompute it once for the entire MCMC sweep. RELATED WORK
In this section    , we briefly review research related to our approach in two categories. This implies in particular that standard techniques from statistics can be applied for questions like model tting    , model combination    , and complexity control. On Persons 1    , the three curves are near -coincidental    , while in the case of ACM-DBLP    , the best performance of the proposed system was achieved in the first iteration itself hence    , two curves are coincidental. In the initial time-step    , the end-to-end output from the encoding procedure is used as the original input into first LSTM layer. Because the communicative context appears to mitigate the occurance of bias especially in the case of LIB   , Wikipedia vs. IMDb. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
This work was supported in part by 973 Program Grant No. We suggested why classical models with their explicit notion of relevance may potentially be more attractive than models that limit queries to being a sample of text. The use of the 
q W v W . For a value of a property    , the likelihood probability is calculated as P 'value | pref erred based on the frequency count table of that column. , t b     , te    , where t b is a beginning time point and te is an ending time point    , and te > t b . , b} 
Unlike the regular KLSH that adopts a single kernel    , BMKLSH employs a set of m kernels for the hashing scheme. Any distribution can be used to model p ˜ ∆ i |Θ; common examples used for response times include the exponential 
log p{∆ i }|{τ i }    , Θ = N i=1 log q∆ i |τ i     , Θ 3 
 Using the form of q∆ i |τ i     , Θ and the transformation using˜∆ing˜ ing˜∆ i defined by Equations 1 and 2 respectively    , the loglikelihood is equal to 
N i=1 log p ˜ ∆ i |Θ + N i=1 log aτ i + ∆ i  4 
 where the first term is the log-likelihood over effective response times { ˜ ∆ i }    , and the second term the sum of logactivity rates over the timestamps of all the ego's responses. 3 Information hiding/unhiding by folding tree branches. We utilize the Clarke Tax mechanism that maximizes the social utility function by encouraging truthfulness among the individuals    , regardless of other individuals choices. Introduction
Images are semantic instruments for capturing aspects of the real world    , and form a vital part of the scientific record for which words are no substitute. We employ a deep learning engine to semantically label photos to explore the visual content of real-life photos. This section provides a brief overview of LSH functions    , the basic LSH indexing method and a recently proposed entropy-based LSH indexing method. , models are built and applied on the same project    , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier    , while only random forest ranks in the first tier. In cooperation with BookCrossing     , we mailed all eligible users via the community mailing system    , asking them to participate in our online study. By learning the embedding E from the data    , we are uncovering K visual dimensions that are the most predictive of users' opinions. For the same number of iterations 1000    , such a model would take almost six years to train. They include the number of hidden sentiment factors in S-PLSA    , K    , and the orders of the ARSA model    , p and q. Our monolingual results for the four languages    , using the human-translated queries provided by NIST    , were significantly below those seen on the TREC-7 CLIR task: The reasons for this drop in performance are unclear. We are currently working on folding in our classifier module into a web-scale crawler. Encoder
Given a tweet in the matrix form T size: 150 × 70    , the CNN Section 2.1 extracts the features from the character representation. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces    , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. All the classifiers are implemented with random forest classification model    , which was reported as the best classification model in CCR. 10 
Optimization for Top-Down Transfer
 To efficiently solve the above loss function    , we propose to transform the Θ ∈ R M ×D matrix into the same dimension as B. In this way    , we can represent a DTD or Schema structure as a set of parallel trees    , which closely resemble DTD/Schema syntax    , with links connecting some leaves with some roots    , in a graph-like manner. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
This work was supported by 863 Program 2014AA015104    , and National Natural Science Foundation of China 61273034    , and 61332016. While this approach is not applicable to all software architectures    , it can yield benefits when applied to static systems    , and to static aspects of dynamic systems. For example    , in 
Modeling Subtleties. HR0011-12-C-0015; NSF under awards IIS- 0916043 and IIS-1144034. To encourage diversity in those replicated particles    , we select a small number of documents 10 in our implementation from the recent 1000 documents    , and do a single MCMC sweep over them    , and then finally reset the weight of each particle to uniform. Using these constraints    , we calculate the model parameters Θ with maximizing the log-likelihood log L in Equation 9. For the entropybased LSH method    , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset.   , ridge regularization method. Finally    , we adopt the weighted combination of the m kernels: 
κ = m l=1 α l κ l for KLSH. , cosine similarity and Pearson correlation. Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. Based on this idea    , an optimization approach is developed to efficiently search for a weighting scheme. This metric is computed for the two main activities of posting updates tweets and mentioning others. Structure Preservation
Structure preservation or manifold regularization has been shown effective for semi-supervised learning 
n i  ,j=1 S q ij q i W q − q j W q 2 + n i  ,j=1 S v ij v i W v − v j W v 2     , 
3 
 where S q ∈ R n×n and S v ∈ R n×n denote the affinity matrices defined on the queries and images    , respectively. The latter three variables were based on the topic classifications defined in the ImageCLEF 2007 
Data and Topics
The ImageCLEF 2007 collection is a set of 20  ,000 images    , 60 search topics    , and associated relevance judgments. State verb 
Linguistic Biases 
 We describe two linguistic biases discussed by social psychologists and communication scientists: the Linguistic Expectancy Bias LEB and the Linguistic Intergroup Bias LIB. Under the structure preservation criterion    , it is reasonable to minimize Eq.3    , since it will incur a heavy penalty if two similar examples are mapped far away. The paper is organized as follows: Section 2 discusses possible alternatives for adding types and functions to a DBMS by concentrating on the alternatives: static types versus dynamic types. Auto-regressive modeling
Auto-regressive models are the most widely known and used. To this end    , we only return tags that have an aggregate score greater than the mean score for all the tag candidates. We also implemented a prototype web-based pictogram retrieval system 
Comparison of Four Approaches. As rather conventional data structures are provided to program these functions no " trick programming " is required and as dynamic storage allocation and de-allocation is done via dedicated allocation routines /KKLW87/    , this risk seems to be tolerable. However the Q matrix is reduced by one row and one column in every iteration     , otherwise is unchanged. However    , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic    , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory    , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. Volcano uses a non-interleaved strategy with a transformation-based enumerator. Module 3 Rule execution receives detected events from module 2 and executes the concerned rules taking into account the coupling modes    , cascading in the sense of execution cycles    , priorities between rules    , and the calculation of net effect. For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers    , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. They were free to choose the topic language    , and then had to find relevant documents in the pool regardless of the languages in which the texts were formulated. This crossed-links will turn the whole diagram into a graph    , but with interesting visualization and folding properties. Image Tagging
 A large body of work on image tagging proceeds along two dimensions     , i.e. We would extract those facts as a whole    , noting that they might appear more than once in the abstract    , and then take both fact and term frequency into consideration when ranking the abstracts for relevance. Topicqi = ⟨P C1|qi    , P C2|qi    , · · ·     , P Cn|qi⟩    , where P Ci|q is the probability that q belongs to Ci. dynamic programming    , greedy    , simulated annealing    , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 
Extendibility
As anticipated    , to meet the extensibility and maintainability requirement previously identified the VDL Generator is    , by design    , composed of three parts: the search strategy    , the logical components and their search space    , the physical components and their search space. Acknowledgements
Hundreds of people have been involved in making RaPiD7 as a working practice in Nokia. We use a model that separates observed voting data into confounding factors    , such as position and social influence bias    , and article-specific factors. The training of CCL is performed simultaneously by minimizing the distance between query and image mappings in the latent subspace weighted by their clicks    , and preserving the structure relationships between the training examples in the original feature space. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method    , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. Automatic evaluation of tag suggestion engines is also critical to building effective systems. Hence we propose three fusion methods to combine the two quantities by addition and multiplication: 1. To this end    , we specify a distribution over Q: PQq can indicate    , for example    , the probability that a specific query q is issued to the information retrieval system which can be approximated. Query Likelihood
 In case of the query likelihood also referred as standard LM approach     , documents are ranked according to the likelihood of them being relevant given the query P D|Q. Empirical studies have shown that our new weighting scheme can be incorporated to improve the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method substantially under many different configurations. The resulting relevance model significantly outperforms all existing click models. Collective Similarity
 Now we consider the problem of multi-domain recommendation . If the same types of dependencies were capture by both syntactic and semantic dependencies    , LCE would be expected to perform about equally as well as relevance models. We investigate the relative importance of individual features    , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image    , another where each user has several thousand images    , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. However    , our spectral classifier may be more suitable for projects with heavily imbalanced  i.e. 7 
for an empirically determined threshold τS which governs how similar a term a must be to m to be considered a viable translation for m. 
Combining Evidence
 The previous two subsections introduced sources of evidence that might help cross-temporal IR. By emphasizing the discriminative power specificity of a term    , LIB reduces weights of terms commonly shared by unrelated documents    , leading to fewer of these documents being grouped together smaller false positive and higher precision. A supervised classifier based on random forest over variable length texts    , using word-clusters for input text representation. The assumption 2 VERTICAL POSITION BIAS ASSUMPTION is modeled by 4 and 6. Note that the variance is inversely proportional to the number of ratings so as the number of ratings increases the model becomes increasingly more certain in the preferences decreasing the variance. Semantic Relevance Measure
 We identified ambiguities in pictogram interpretation and possible issues involved in the usage of such pictograms in communication. Our models produced state-of-the-art results on TREC 2007 Blog Distillation dataset. Let Bt denote the set of blogs on the movie of interest that were posted on day t. The average probability of sentiment factor z = j conditional on blogs in Bt is defined as 
ωt  ,j = 1 |Bt| b∈B t pz = j|b    , 
 where pz = j|bb ∈ Bt are obtained based a trained S- PLSA model. A holistic approach for finding optimal plans based on Iterative Dynamic Programming IDP 
Future Work
Other future work will be the support for DESCRIBE-queries and IRIs as subjects. Capturing LCC Structure: To capture the connectivity structure of the Largest Connected Component LCC    , we use a few high-degree users as starting seeds and crawl the structure using a breadth-first search BFS strategy. The measurements were taken at five levels of minimum confidence    , and they are shown in 
We consider the results to be a positive indication that the predictive model is not over fitting the training data. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. Without the users the method would merely be a theory. We are currently investigating techniques to identify these effectively tagged blog posts and hope to incorporate it into future versions of TagAssist. F itness2 = RI * 10 − W I * 2 
EXPERIMENTS
In this section    , we present the results of the experiments we have performed to evaluate our proposed GP-based approach to deduplication. Therefore    , we extracted entities from the topic description and the top related tweets by means of different NER services DBpedia Spotlight    , Alchemy API    , and Zemanta. We experiment the extension in different setups    , results show that CyCLaDEs reduces significantly the load on LDF server. We are able to sample graphs from qH according to Section 4. The same AROW parameters of the baseline model were used. In the following    , two approaches    , namely JAD and Agile modeling    , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. Language modeling with relevance model RM2 
dbpWISTUD 
 This run integrated background knowledge from DBpedia and applied the semantic enrichment strategies described in Section 2.2.   , " oooooooooh " or " aaaaaaah " . This can be perceived from results already. Using the training blog entries    , we train an S-PLSA model. The predictor pops the top structure off of the queue and tries to extend it using the substantiator. The multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 and reduces that of the entropy-based approach by a factor of 5 to 8. A total of 399 words returned the same results for all four approaches. We have a concept occurrence    , also called a " semantic hit "     , when a paragraph contains an inflection of a question's concept or an entity with the same semantic category of the Question Focus Each occurrences is weighted according to the associated semantic slot and all weights are added up to obtain a score for each paragraph. Furthermore. Section 5 reports our experimental results. It is evident from experimental results that our approach has much higher label prediction accuracy and is much more scalable in terms of training time than existing systems. Then    , two paralleled embedding layers are set up in the same embedding space    , one for the affirmative context and the other for the negated context    , followed by their loss functions. The upper part lists the numbers for the product categorization standards    , whereas the lower three rows of the table represent the proprietary category systems . We will show the effectiveness of our proposed method in the experimental section. We use this measure in a similar way to the authors in 
Homogeneity
Another important measure of the social diversity of a place is the extent to which its visitors are homogeneous in their characteristics . Introduction
Following Linked Data principles    , data providers made billions of triples available on the web 
– We present CyCLaDEs an approach to build a behavioral decentralized cache on client-side. This approach leads to equations 
λ δ = argmax i P R|q δ     , λ i  λ γ = argmax i P R|q γ     , λ i  
that show how the probability of R is conditioned both by the model λ i and by the state sequence of the global or optimal paths. Therefore    , we need to deal with potentially infinite number of related learning problems    , each for one of the query q ∈ Q. However    , these positive opportunities have a sinister counterpart: large-scale " crowdturfing    , " wherein masses of cheaply paid shills can be organized to spread malicious URLs in social media    , form artificial grassroots campaigns  " astroturf "     , and manipulate search engines. INTRODUCTION
Advances in information retrieval have long been driven by evaluation campaigns using standardized collections of data-sets    , query workloads    , and most importantly    , result relevance judgments. However    , a personalized random walk is a centrality rank- ing 
the Input
BCDRW requires three inputs: a normalized adjacency matrix W    , a normalized probability distribution d that encodes the prior ranking    , and a dumpling factor λ that balances the two. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection    , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. As shown in 
CONCLUSIONS
 This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. Another possible direction for future work is to use S-PLSA as a tool to help track and monitor the changes and trends in sentiments expressed online. Typically    , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7    , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. To accomplish this    , we extract various features from a user's geotagged photos posted online. , 'book jacket' and 'dust cover'. Coordinate Ascent Fitting Procedure
We adopt an iterative optimization procedure which alternates between a fitting the model parameters Θ given the segmented timeline Λ    , and b segmenting the timeline Λ given the current estimate of the model parameters Θ. The third one is the CMU system    , which gives the best performance in TREC 2007 and 2008 evaluations 
Baseline 
CONCLUSIONS
In this paper    , we introduced two probabilistic models that model individual blog posts as hidden variables for blog seed retrieval tasks. We conjecture that the larger amount least information is needed to explain a term's probability in a document vs. in the collection    , the more heavily the term should be weighted to represent the document 
LI Binary LIB Model
 In the binary model    , a term either occurs or does not occur in a document. The latter problem is trivial    , as users tend to have very few pinboards per category 
Category prediction
We design a multi-class Random Forest classifier 7 to learn which category a user will repin a given image into. It is the length of the projection of one vector onto the other unit vector. System R also uses a bottomup enumerator and interleaves costing    , but does not prune the logical space as aggressively as greedy search techniques    , and augments the search with dynamic programming. First    , with similar query times    , the query-directed probing sequence requires significantly fewer hash tables than the step-wise probing sequence. We measure mainly the hit-ratio; the fraction of queries answered by the decentralized cache. This    , in turn    , corresponds to computing the negative logprobability of the true class. Finally    , we assessed our random forest model Sec. We can do model selection and combination—technical details are in Appendix C. This can be performed using only data gathered online and time complexity is independent of the stream size. This toleration factor reflects the inherent resolving limitation of a given relevance scoring function    , and thus within this toleration factor    , the ranking of documents can be seen as arbitrary. The random forest classifier appears in the first rank. In summary    , the ARSA model mainly comprises two components . The replicated examples were used both when fitting model parameters and when tuning the threshold. We use the L2 i.e. Participants were free to experiment with different topic fields using either the title    , description or narrative – or all three    , and with both automatic and manual runs    , similar to the definitions of the TREC adhoc task.   , as the product of the probabilities of the single observations    , which are functions of the covariates whose values are known in the observations and the coefficients which are the unknowns. In the case of Persons 2 and Restaurants    , both methods performed equally well. But combining these sources would presumably improve effectiveness of CTIR    , much as evidence combination has aided CLIR 
Naive Combination
It is tempting simply to assume that strong evidence on both dimensions – dictionary and spelling – should increase our confidence in a translation. A single directional LSTM typically propagates information from the first word to the last; hence the hidden state at a certain step is dependent on its previous words only and blind of future words . This step is like dividing the problem of learning one single ranking model for all training queries into a set of sub-problems of learning the ranking model for each ranking-sensitive query topic. Using MCMC    , we queried for the probability of an individual being a ProblemLoan. A Simple Display Application
The first example 
Reference Linking the D-Lib Magazine
The second example gathers and stores reference linking information for future use. This method only requires function evaluations    , not derivatives. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized    , 2 categorized    , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared    , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. We note a significant drop in the number of relevant documents for the TREC-8 CLIR task    , which may play a role: Query Track JHU/APL also participated in the query track. As we are interested in analyzing very large corpora and the behavior of the various similarity measures in the limit as the collections being searched grow infinitely large    , we consider the situation in which so many relevant documents are available to a search engine for any given query q that the set of n top-ranked documents Rq are all -indistinguishable. Our approach is compared to two commonly used weighting schemes: the inverse user frequency IUF 
3 How is the weighted memory-based approach compared to other approaches  ? Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input    , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. Sensitivity Results
 By probing multiple hash buckets per table    , the multiprobe LSH method can greatly reduce the number of hash tables while finding desired similar objects. Language modeling with relevance model RM2 
dbpWISTUD 
 This run integrated background knowledge from DBpedia and applied the semantic enrichment strategies described in Section 2.2. The basic idea is to model the event sequence as a play    , with objects as actors. To identify friends with similar tastes    , a context-aware version of Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. These benefits include verification of architectural constraints on component compositions    , and increased opporttmities for optimization between components. In light of TF*IDF    , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. We want to a avoid over-fitting and b present to the user those patterns that are important. University faculty lists form the seeds for such a crawl. After fitting this model    , we use the parameters associated with each article to estimate it's quality. In the second stage    , for the identification of the facet inclination of a given feed    , the IowaS group used sentiment classifiers and various heuristics for ranking posts according to each facet. gorithm 1 outlines the key steps of KLSH    , where b is a critical parameter that determines the length of hash key to be constructed in KLSH. ln the experiments reported in this paper we have also incremented document scores by some factor but the differences between our experiment and Croft's work are the methods used for identifying dependencies from queries    , and the fact that syntactic information from document texts sentence a.nd phrase boundaries is used in our work. Based on 2 and 3    , the semantic relevance or the measure of relevancy to return pictogram e when w i is input as query can be calculated as follows: 
SRw i     , e = j P w j |e|E i ∩ E j |/|E i ∪ E j | 4 
The resulting semantic relevance values will fall between one and zero    , which means either a pictogram is completely relevant to the interpretation or completely irrelevant. To the former we owe the concept of a relevance model: a language model representative of a class of relevant documents. It uses dynamic programming to compute optimal alignment between two sequences of characters. At a topic selection meeting    , the seven topics from each site that were felt to be best suited for the multilingual retrieval setting were then selected. MKLSH 
Experimental Results
We now present the performance evaluation results on the data sets. The results from the initial workshops were encouraging and the method was taken into use in several other teams    , too. Core concepts are the critical ideas necessary to support deep science learning and understanding. CLIR-Track Task Description
Similarly to last year    , CLIR track participants were asked to retrieve documents from a multilingual pool containing documents in four different languages. Applying 
the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. One is the time-dependent content similarity measure between queries using the cosine kernel function; another is the likelihood for two queries to be grouped in a same cluster from the click-through data given the timestamp. Please note that we build a global classifier with all training instances instead of building a local classifier for each entity for simplicity. The promising results we obtained during experimentations encourage us to propose and experiment new profiling techniques that take into account the number of transferred triples and compare with the current profiling technique. Retrospectively    , this choice now bears fruit    , as the update exists as an average amenable to stochastic gradient descent. RQ3 considers a second aspect of topic    , whether the topic is visually or semantically oriented 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN 2.1 Design
In our experiment we manipulated four independent variables: image size small    , medium    , large    , relevance level relevant    , not relevant    , topic difficulty easy    , medium    , difficult    , very difficult and topic visuality visual    , medium    , semantic. , inverse user frequency weighting IUF and variance weighting VW. Our random forest is composed of binary trees and a weight associated with each tree. Thus    , D S is identified by its CCD and all the linking candidates D T for this dataset are found in its cluster    , following our working hypothesis. Length Longer requests are significantly correlated with success. Hence    , in certain cases    , the coverage detection capability of our method is more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method. Multi-Probe vs. Entropy-Based Methods
Although both multi-probe and entropy-based methods visit multiple buckets for each hash table    , they are very different in terms of how they probe multiple buckets. Programming on the way from the dilettantism of a home-made 'trickology' 4 to a scientific discipline: this has been the general theme of many of the lectures by Dijkstra    , Hoare    , Dahl    , Perlis    , Brinch Hansen    , Randell    , Wirth    , Ershov    , Griffiths    , Gries and others 2. from a journal a real world example for a database containing medical document abstracts is given by the Journal of Clinical Oncology 1 . The first portion computes the new outcome that would have been the societal if user i's values had been ignored and then computes the social utility for such an outcome. Negative experiences in using RaPiD7 exist    , too. If the structure exceeds w entries    , then CyCLaDEs removes the entry with the oldest timestamp. Implicit User Social Relationships
As mentioned in Section 1    , all the social recommendation approaches need to utilize the additional explicit user social information    , which may limit the impact and utilization of these approaches. Considering the Random Forest based approaches we vary the number of trees ranging from 10 to 1000. Semantic Relatedness
The first evaluation is based on the SemEval 2015-Task 1: Paraphrase and Semantic Similarity in Twitter 
Sentiment Classification
The second evaluation is based on the SemEval 2015-Task 10B: Twitter Message Polarity Classification 
CONCLUSION AND FUTURE WORK
In this paper    , we presented Tweet2Vec    , a novel method for generating general-purpose vector representation of tweets    , using a character-level CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder architecture . are images from " difficult " topics more difficult to judge  ?. The average reference accuracy is the average over all the references.  F 1 -measure: the weighted harmonic mean of precision and recall. A text document can be viewed as a set of terms with probabilities estimated by frequencies of occurrence. ω k denotes the combination parameters for each term with emotion e k     , and can be estimated by maximizing log-likelihood function with L2 i.e. , http://searchmsn n.com/results.aspx  ?q=machine+learning&form=QBHP. This in contrast with the probabilistic model of information retrieval . For all models we found that 100 steps of gradient descent was enough to reach convergence. DATA AUGMENTATION & TRAINING
We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques    , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . , a 50:50 random split that has been previously applied in the defect prediction literature 
0.0 0.1 0.2 0.3 0.4 0.5 0.6 
¨ © 
In a within-project setting    , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier with only random forest ranking in the first tier. Authoring documents traditionally usually rely on inspections 
The following chapter provides insights to a method developed in Nokia in order to address the aforementioned problems in authoring documentation. The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. Thus to study the issue of user personalization we make use of our rating and review data see 
Features
Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 
TRAINING
Since we have defined a probability associated with the presence or absence of each relationship    , we can proceed by maximizing the likelihood of an observed relationship set R. In order to do so we randomly select a negative set Q = {rij|rij / ∈ R} such that |Q| = |R| and optimize the log likelihood lY  ,c|R    , Q = Learning then proceeds by optimizing lY  ,c|R    , Q over both Y and c which we achieve by gradient ascent. We then feed this profile to our models and compare the suggestions to the actual ratings that the user provided using the Pearson productmoment correlation coefficient 
An Attempt to Evaluate via a User Study
Runs and Results
We submitted two runs to the TREC 2013 Contextual Suggestion Track. For German    , texts from the Swiss newspaper "Neue Zürcher Zeitung" NZZ for 1994 were also added. The application runs from the command line. For the multi-probe LSH method    , we have implemented both step-wise probing and query-directed probing. EXPERIMENTS
We evaluated our model using two classification tasks: Tweet semantic relatedness and Tweet sentiment classifica- tion. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. Our research builds on summarization systems by identifying core concepts that are central ideas in a scientific domain. For the teams applying RaPiD7 systematically the reward is    , however    , significant. The query sets for learning and evaluation are the same as those in the experiments of section 4    , that is to say    , Q r and Q2    , respectively. Similarly    , for each observed rating rij     , we have the following stochastic gradient descent updating rules to learn the latent parameters: 
ui ← ui + γ1 ∆ijvj − α f ∈F + i s if ui − u f  −α g∈F − i sigui − ug − λ1ui     , vj ← vj + γ2∆ijui − λ2vj    , 
4 where ∆ij = rij − u T i vj     , 
5 
and F − i represents user i's inlink friends. Out of these posts    , 1.9M posts are tagged with an average of 1.75 tags per post. We also studied query independent features on an Support Vector Machine classifier. This click model is consisted of a horizontal model H Model that explains the skipping behavior    , a vertical model D Model that depicts the vertical examination behavior    , and a relevance model R Model that measures the intrinsic relevance between the prefix and a suggested query. it is possible in the probabilistic environment to take into account at least some of the dependencies and relationships between the terms used to iden- tify the queries and the stored records. After obtaining these entropies for all users for these two activities    , we compute the Pearson product-moment correlation between the geometric average of the country-level entropy and its corresponding Pace of Life rank. Our results show that the query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the simple    , step-wise sequence. 6 
The TDCM assumption 1 SKIPPING BIAS ASSUMPTION is modeled by 3 and 6. RELATED WORK
 Identifying the search intent of a user query is a longstanding research goal in IR that is generally treated as a classification scheme. We can estimate Px from the collection as: ~fxd d for all z n-grams X ~" 
Under ~h~ fame assumptions as above    , the variance of S is: 
axPx2+Nd 3 VARSd  ,e=NdNeE + Ne-2 E a P X X X X Nd+Ne-l  E x y~x axayPx2py2 4 Nd+Ne-l  E a P X X X 
With a multlnomial model of text and given n-gram probabilities    , 
one can thus 
predict the expected value and the variance of a similarity measure computed for a random pair of text items. The Qrels-based measures MAP and P@10 for a specific system were evaluated using the official TREC Qrels and the trec eval program    , while the Trels-based measures tScore    , tScore@k were evaluated using a set of Trels    , manually created by us    , for the same TREC topics for which Qrels exist.   , ridge regularization. The physician is interested in the immediate finding of articles where relevance is defined by the semantic similarity to some kind of prototype abstract delivered by the specialist. Search terms can easily be highlighted in found documents if they are presented using the internal representation; otherwise some word-by-word positional mapping back to the original may be needed. Also see the PR-curves for the baseline 
Concept cross translation
The numbers in table 1 show that the CLIR approach in general outperforms our baseline. The relevance judgments are supplied in a format amenable to TREC evaluation . We focused on the problem of opinion topic relatedness and we showed that using proximity information of opinionated terms to query terms is a good indicator of opinion and query-relatedness. Most combinations contained multiple topics    , with the exception of easy/semantic    , easy/medium visual    , and very difficult/medium visual. The changes in daily gross revenues are depicted in 
Discussion
It is interesting to observe from 
S-PLSA: A PROBABILISTIC APPROACH TO SENTIMENT MINING
In this section    , we propose a probabilistic approach to analyzing sentiments in the blogs    , which will serve as the basis for predicting sales performance. First    , when using the same number of hash tables    , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need    , compared with the entropy-based approach  ? The encoding procedure can be summarized as: 
H conv = CharCN N T  6 ht = LST M gt    , ht−1 7 
where g = H conv is an extracted feature matrix where each row can be considered as a time-step for the LSTM and ht is the hidden representation at time-step t. LSTM operates on each row of the H conv along with the hidden vectors from previous time-step to produce embedding for the subsequent time-steps. Finally    , to predict ratings for a test user    , the computed weights are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as described in Section 3. CyCLaDEs source code is available at: https://github.com/pfolz/cyclades 3 . This lack of relationship between sentiment and success may be a masking effect    , due to the correlation between positive sentiment and other variables like reciprocity Pearson correlation coefficient r = .08 and word length r = .10. , w k p  is given by w k = K −1/2 e k S . A well equipped and powerful system should be able to compare the content of the abstracts regarding their semantics    , i.e. Finally    , the unnormalized importance weight for particle f     , ω f after td is updated as
ω f ← ω f P xtd|z f td     , s f td     , x1:t−1    , 
7 
 which has the intuitive explanation that the weight for particle f is updated by multiplying in the marginal probability of the new observation xtd    , which we compute from the last 10 samples of the MCMC sweep over a given document. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . In our study    , we choose cosine similarity due to its simplicity. To compare the two approaches in detail    , we are interested in answering two questions. The entropy-based LSH method is likely to probe previously visited buckets    , whereas the multi-probe LSH method always visits new buckets.   , cosine similarity and Pearson correlation. As the value nears zero    , the pictogram becomes less relevant; hence    , a cutoff point is needed to discard the less relevant pictograms. However    , this step of going the last mile is often difficult for Modeling Specialists    , such as Participants P7 and P12. The assumption is reasonable given the patterns of acknowledgments described in the introduction. Experiments on several benchmark collections showed very strong per-formances of LIT-based term weighting schemes. To retrieve better intention-conveying pictograms using a word query    , we proposed a semantic relevance measure which utilizes interpretation words and frequencies collected from a web survey. Experimental Environment
We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 
Distribution of Co-reference in Linked Data
Some research implies that co-reference follows a power law distribution 
Experimental Settings
We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator    , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method. It is worth noting that although we have only used S- PLSA for the purpose of prediction in this work    , it is indeed a model general enough to be applied to other scenarios. In order to improve the quality of opinion extraction results    , we extracted the title and content of the blog post for indexing because the scoring functions and Lucene indexing engine cannot differentiate between text present in the links and sidebars of the blog post. INTRODUCTION
Despite the prevalence of context-independent word-based approaches for cross-language information retrieval CLIR derived from the IBM translation models 
BACKGROUND AND RELATED WORK
Although word-by-word translation provides the starting point for query translation approaches to CLIR    , there has been much work on using term co-occurrence statistics to select the most appropriate translations 
Context-Independent Baseline
As a baseline    , we consider the technique presented by Darwish and Oard 
Scored|s = j Weighttfsj     , d    , dfsj 1 tfsj    , d = t i tfti    , dP r token ti|sj  2  dfsj = t i dftiP r token ti|sj  3  
 In order to reduce noise from incorrect alignments    , we impose a lower bound on the token translation probability    , and also a cumulative probability threshold    , so that translation alternatives of sj are added in decreasing order of probability  until the cumulative probability has reached the threshold . He found the logarithm of the number of distinguishable states of the storage device to be intuitively acceptable and that    , when he I used it    , it worked. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. To the best of our knowledge    , ours is the first attempt at learning and applying character-level tweet embeddings . W3C 
TU The TU benchmark contains both English and Dutch textual evidence. Instead    , we use these topics as well as vocabulary from related LIWC categories Linguistic Inquiry and Word Count; Tausczik and Pennebaker 2010 as inspiration to define concise lexicons for five different narratives identified through topic modeling Money    , Job    , Student    , Family    , Craving. An arbitrary cutoff point of 20 was chosen for the collection rBllking for each query    , which gave 3 categories of documents for each query. This reconfirms previous observations that modeling dependencies via the use of proximity features within the MRF has more of an impact on larger    , noisier collections than smaller    , well-behaved ones. In the within-project setting i.e. Ultimately we used 92 bilingual aspects from 33 topics    , including 3 Chinese aspects that could only be used as training data for English aspect classification because each of them had only 4 segments. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods    , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. Accordingly    , objects {g    , h    , i    , j    , k    , l    , m} are grouped into the second cluster . In this study    , we use raw term frequencies with MLE to estimate probabilities and do not use any smoothing techniques to fine tune the estimates. Section 3 describes the general approach of CyCLaDEs. Section 4 defines CyCLaDEs model. For each topic    , the table lists the most probable words for the topic under its DCM parameters along with the words in the book most frequently assigned to the topic. Our document scoring    , αD    , our region scoring βR    , and our field scoring γF  are discussed in depth in the following sections. adjusted Pearson correlation method as a friendship measure. On the news recommendation front    , we report the results of a study involving 176 users; our tree-based classifier required few training examples and significantly outperformed a state-of-the-art classifier the support vector machine in terms of both speed and accuracy applied to either traditional or tree-structured features. eXtreme Programming XP's planning game. Two documents are -indistinguishable to a search engine S with respect to a query q if the search engine finds both documents to be equally relevant to the query within the tolerance of its ranking function. Thus we argue that the DICT model gives a reasonable baseline. From specialized systems like Ushahidi for crisis mapping    , Foldit for protein folding and Duolingo for translation to general-purpose crowdsourcing platforms like Amazon Mechanical Turk and Crowdflower – these systems have shown the effectiveness of intelligently organizing large numbers of people. We achieved convergence around 300 trees    , We also optimized the percentage of features to be considered as candidates during node splitting    , as well as the maximum allowed number of leaf nodes. We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. LI Frequency LIF Model
In the LI Frequency LIF model    , we use term frequencies to model least information. This is approached by embedding both the image and the novel labels into a common semantic space such that their relevance can be estimated in terms of the distance between the corresponding vectors in the space. The encoder consists of convolutional layers to extract features from the characters and an LSTM layer to encode the sequence of features to a vector representation    , while the decoder consists of two LSTM layers which predict the character at each time step from the output of encoder. Considerations other than pure utility values such as income and fairness might need to be taken into account. The support vector machine then learns the hyperplane that separates the positive and negative training instances with the highest margin. The NDCG results from the user dependent rating imputation method are shown in 
shows the learned variances together with the number of ratings for each movie. It is the same engine that was used for previous TREC participations e.g. For doing that    , the downhill Simplex method takes a set of steps. The log of the score of the answer likelihood was then added as a feature to the existing estimated relevance function embedded in PowerAnswer answer procesing 
Experimental Observations
For each of the three question class formation methods described above    , Lymba ran a set of experiments on previous TREC test sets in order to determine which set of question classes performed the best. To determine if a profile is better than another one    , we use the generalized Jaccard similarity coefficient defined as: 
Jx    , y = i minx i     , y i  i maxx i     , y i  
where x and y are two multi-sets and the natural numbers x i ≥ 0 and y i ≥ 0 are the multiplicity of item i in each multiset. As a result    , the precision/recall values are much lower than the results of human evaluation. Therefore    , by modeling both types of dependencies we see an additive effect    , rather than an absorbing effect. Abstract 
Current query languages for relational databases usually are fixed    , i.e. On Restaurants    , for example    , the random forest-based system had run-times ranging from 2–5 s for the entire classification step depending on the iteration. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. To avoid underflow and multiplication by zero    , we employ log-likelihood instead of likelihood: 
LogLikelihoodeScw|D f w  = w∈Scw ln P w|D f w  
 To reward similar words in at least one model of sentence likelihood as before    , we use a second    , more relaxed model of the loglikelihood of D generating S as a high-coreness sentence as follows: 
LogLikelihoodrScw|D f w  = w 1 ∈Scw ln max w 2 ∈D f w relw1    , w2 · P w2|D f w  
This second model introduces the lexical relw1    , w2 function into the formula in order to value words that are not present in the domain standards but are similar or related to words that are present. This model is then converted into a vector representation as mentioned above. Those which are specific to software and account for the internal complexity of programs i. e.    , their dynamic behaviors and    , possibly    , psychometric data on the programming activity. yt = p i=1 φiyt−i + q i=1 K j=1 ρi  ,jωt−i  ,j + t    , 
2 
where p    , q    , and K are user-chosen parameters    , while φi and ρi  ,j are parameters whose values are to be estimated using the training data. There are two methods of measuring variable importance in a random forest: by Gini importance and by permutation importance. The MG system only recognizes place names if the probability given by the Random Forest classifier for the class " match " is higher than a minimum threshold the minimum confidence level. Anil Dash    , a tech blogger and entrepreneur    , has written about his experiences being on the old version of the suggested users list 
Date 
Very shortly after being put on the old suggested user list on Oct. 2    , 2009    , Mr. A recent study of Twitter as a whole    , gathered by breadth-first search    , collected 1.47 billion edges in total 
Impact of the Suggested Users List
Given that the overall celebrity follow rate halved when Twitter switched to the categorical suggested users list    , it is clear that being on the suggested users list increases the acquisition of new followers substantially. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski    , Oula Heikkinen    , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. Availability of both words and n-grams also helped us significantly in the cross-language task    , for which HAIRCUT was a first-time participant. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 
Evaluation Benchmarks
For each dataset    , we created an evaluation benchmark by randomly picking 100 objects as the query objects    , and for each query object    , the ground truth i.e. Using the semantic relevance values    , pictograms can be ranked from very relevant value close to 1 to not so relevant value close to 0. Trustworthiness of an identity: The likelihood that the identity will respect the terms of service ToS of its domain in the future    , denoted by T rustID. Initialization. That is    , instead of using the appraisal words    , we train an S-PLSA model with the bag-of-words feature set    , and feed the probabilities over the hidden factors thus obtained into the ARSA model for training and prediction. Experiment Design
Two datasets of movie ratings are used in our experiments: MovieRating 
and EachMovie 2 . The second author is grateful to Esther and Kiri for their loving support and dedicates this work to Joshua and Jacob. This basic unit of objective information    , the bit    , was more formally related to thermodynamics by Szilard. Therefore     , much prior work has focused on constructing models that emphasize such domain-specific keywords for the vertical selection task 
3. We are interested in answering the question about the space requirements    , search time and search quality trade-offs for different LSH methods. These feature values are then used by a ranking model calculated via Learning To Rank to provide an ordered list of vocabulary terms. In order to find the best parameters    , we tried different λ values for each σ value in the range of 
Experimental Results on the Test Query Set
 In this section    , we present the evaluation results of our approaches on the TREC 2008 query topics. Selection-Centric Context Semantic Model
One potential problem to apply this context language model to score each reference document is that a document is very short see the snippet in 
Vs    , c = w∈c pw|s    , c · Vw 4 
Although using ESA for semantic matching is not entirely novel    , we are the first to leverage the term proximity evidence when computing the ESA vector. For evaluation purposes    , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. In our implementation    , we sample users uniformly to optimize the average AUC metric to be discussed later. Similarly    , the research community has created excellent production digital libraries systems: NCSTRL/Dienst 
NCSTRL and Its Limitations 
In this section    , we discuss NCSTRL and its implementation limitations. Next we describe how to derive a coordinate-ascentstyle optimization procedure to fit these two components. The MLP-based system achieved run-times ranging from 17 s for the first iteration to almost 20 min for the final iteration. We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. Following the likelihood principle    , one determines P d    , P zjd    , and P wjz b y maximization of the logglikelihood function 
L = X d2D X w2W nd; w log P d; w ; 3 
where nd; w denotes the term frequency    , i.e. They did not diversify the ranking of blog posts. The accurate celebrity subgraph has a total of 835    , 117    , 954    , or about 835 million    , directed edges in it which is actually a non-negligible fraction of edges in Twitter's social graph. The existing thread has the additional topic node 413 which is about compression of inverted index for fast information retrieval. Therefore    , we begin with an overview of Semin and Fiedler's Linguistic Category Model LCM 
Linguistic Category Model 
 Both the LEB and the LIB build upon the Linguistic Category Model. In our case the simole and regular form of data Q relahon makes the problem par&ularly attractive. A recent study of Twitter as a whole    , gathered by breadth-first search    , collected 1.47 billion edges in total 
Impact of the Suggested Users List
Given that the overall celebrity follow rate halved when Twitter switched to the categorical suggested users list    , it is clear that being on the suggested users list increases the acquisition of new followers substantially. However    , diaeerent research communities have associated diaeerent partially incompatiblee interpretations with the values returned from such score functions     , such astThe fuzzy set interpretation ë2    , 8ë    , the spatial interpretation originally used in text databases    , the metric interpetation ë9ë    , or the probabilistic interpretation underlying advanced information retrieval systems ë10ë. However    , evidences show that even if there exists a strong correlation between the number of blog mentions of a new product and the sales rank of the product    , it could still be very difficult to make a successful prediction of sales ranks based on the number of blog mentions 
Blog mentions
Let us look at the following two movies    , The Da Vinci Code and Over the Hedge    , which are both released on 
Box office data and user rating
Besides the blogs    , we also collect for each movie one month's box office data daily gross revenue from the IMDB website 2 . This includes issues of persistent storage    , efficient reasoning    , data mediation    , scalability    , distribution of data    , fault tolerance and security. These lexicons along with example posts for each narrative are shown in 
What Factors Are Predictive of Success  ? Shannon adopted the same log measure when he established the average information-transmitting capacity of a discrete channel    , which he called the entropy    , by analogy with formulae in thermodynamics. To gauge the effectiveness of our system compared to other similar systems    , we developed a version of our tagging suggestion engine that was integrated with the raw    , uncompressed tag data and did not use the case-evaluator for scoring    , aside from counting frequency of occurrence in the result set. Baseline for comparison was a simple string match of the query to interpretation words having a ratio greater than 0.5 5 .   , http://searchmsn n.com/results.aspx  ?q=machine+learning&form=QBHP. Our official results for these five runs are shown in 
Cross Language Track 
English French German Italian 6-grams 1.0 2.5 8.5 1.0 Words 6.0 1.0 1.0 1.5 
The resulting combined runs were then merged using these weights: The similarity of these runs lead us to believe that tuning weights under this approach to merging is not a cost-effective use of one's time. Each part γ i ∈ Dα constitutes a set of semantically related primary information items linked according to their semantic relationships. From a correlation perspective    , the similarity wij is basically the unnormalized Pearson correlation coefficient 
 1 Computing the Laplacian matrix from the weighted adjacency matrix    , where the Laplacian matrix is a widely used matrix representation of a graph in graph theory; 
 2 Performing an eigendecomposition on the Laplacian ma- trix; 
3 Selecting a threshold on the second smallest eigenvector to obtain the bipartitions of the graph. That partial structure is added as the first entry to the queue of partial structures. Note that while reputation is a function of past activities of an identity    , trustworthiness is a prediction for the future. Where applicable    , both F-Measures pessimistic and re-weighted are reported. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method    , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. Instructors select materials useful for promoting learning while students use them to learn. For example    , an LS for a lecture by Professor PG's on hydraulic geometric lesson would contain collections that foster student understanding of basic concepts such as w    , d    , v    , and Q and enable hypothesis testing concerning relations among them. Leading into TREC 2007 it was empirically determined that the models based on grouping questions by answer types was most effective     , and so was the configuration used for the TREC 2007 test set. Overall Approach
We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. An extension could also support composition and association between types    , supporting the structuring mechanisms from object-oriented programming languages in full generality. Such an approach might not fully explore the power of multiple kernels. In this example    , P-DBSCAN forms better clusters since it takes local density into account. This list is used by the predictor to perform a breadth first search of the possible concepts representing the input text. Four pictogram retrieval approaches 
were evaluated: 1 baseline approach which returns pictograms containing the query as interpretation word with ratio greater than 0.5; 2 semantic relevance approach which calculates semantic relevance value using not-categorized interpretations ; 3 semantic relevance approach which calculates semantic relevance values using categorized interpretations; and 4 semantic relevance approach which calculates semantic relevance values using categorized and weighted interpretations . A sensitivity question is whether this approach generates a larger candidate set than the other approaches or not. The shakwat group University of Paris 8 experimented with a random-walk approach using a space built using semantic indexing    , and containing the blog posts    , as well as the headlines    , in a window around the date of the topic. This was not so clear about our application in the relevance part of semantic data – in the form of the lexicon of referential equivalents. Multimodality is the capability of fusing and presenting heterogeneous data    , such as audio    , video and text    , from multiple information sources    , such as the Internet and TV. HAIRCUT exhibited 79% recall at 1000 on the CLIR task    , and a high average precision relative to retrieval using human-translated queries. These kinds of materials support in-depth knowledge of the field    , a creator    , or a genre; they also assist in developing theories regarding the relationships between creativity    , authorship and production. Another method of training topic models    , variational EM 
From topics to virtual shelves
 Tables 1    , 2 and 3 list topics selected from models generated for three books. Those resulting from extensions to software of techniques used for assessing hardware reliability and test coverage ; Z. To effectively leverage supervised Web resource and reduce the domain gap between general Web images and personal photos    , we have proposed a transfer deep learning approach to discover the shared representations across the two domains. We present the influence of α l     , αg and β in 
Community Membership Evaluation
On the PAPER dataset    , the evaluation result of NCut CCD = 1351.02    , and we list the evaluation results of Net- PLSA regarding to its parameter λ in 
Case Study
This section gives some case studies in the PAPER dataset to show the semantic community discovery ability of ToP. Language modeling
The retrieval engine used for the Ad Hoc task is based on generative language models and uses cross-entropy between query and document models as main scoring criterion. , 
κ = m l=1 1 m κ l     , 
 and adopts this combined kernel for KLSH. Multi-view Embedding
The research in this direction has proceeded along three dimensions: co-training 
Search by Using Click Data
 Click-through data has been studied and analyzed widely with different Web mining techniques for improving the efficacy and usability of search engines. Therefore    , the probability that emotion e k will be assigned to the i th comment can be estimated as below    , 
P e k |ci    , ui = expα k + N E l=1 β lk c il + N E l=1 γ lk u il  N E r=1 expαr + N E l=1 β lr c il + N E l=1 γ lr u il  
where α    , β and γ denote the combination parameters for bias    , the source of comments content and the source of emotion tags of news articles respectively. 9 
The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. Results: Numeric Data
We used the numeric data properties of the City class from DBpedia divided into 10 data sources to test our approach on numeric data. All D-Lib articles are written in HTML. Experiments showed that methods with the LIB quantity were more effective in terms of within-cluster accuracy e.g. Another 216 words returned the same results for the three semantic relevance approaches. First    , we apply the PLSA method to the candidate images with the given number of topics    , and get the probability of each topic over each image    , P z|I. Each metric captures a unique aspect of the classifier's performance. In most experiments    , the proposed methods    , especially LIB*LIF fusion     , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. The probabilistic retrieval model is attractive because it provides a theoretical foundation for the retrieval operation which takes into account the notion of document relevance. Similar results hold when using the fraction of sentences with positive/negative sentiment    , thresholded versions of those features    , other sentiment models and lexicons LIWC as well as emoticon detectors. The correlation between Qrels-based measures and Trelsbased measures is extremely high. We also tried several other    , more complex models    , without achieving significantly better model fitting. 2 summarizes related works. The instance gets projected as a point in this multi-dimensional space. In addition    , given that we allow users to freely enter additional tags    , we can use that information to improve TagAssist. Parameter q specifies the sentiment information from how many preceding days are considered    , and K indicates the number of hidden sentiment factors used by S-PLSA to represent the sentiment information. Further assuming under this condition that the Web application is invulnerable induces a false negative discussed in Section 5 as PF L |V  ,D. If an injection succeeds    , it serves as an example of the IKM learning from experience and eventually producing a valid set of values. In the results    , unless otherwise specified    , the default values are W = 0.7    , M = 16 for the image dataset and W = 24.0    , M = 11 for the audio dataset. Additional experiments have to point out which reason or reasons actually explain the experimental results the best. Suggestion Method Precision Recall 
Discussion
Our evaluation shows that TagAssist is able to provide relevant tag suggestions for new blog posts. The topics are categorised into a number of different categories    , including: easy/hard topic " difficulty "     , semantic/visual topic " visuality "     , and geographic/general 
Procedure
The study was implemented online    , and was distributed to staff and students at the University of Sheffield    , UK as well as via social media. Reusing existing GROUP BY optimization logic can yield an efficient PIVOT implementation without significant changes to existing code. This is done using stochastic gradient descent. SIGIR 
CNN-LSTM ENCODER-DECODER
In this section    , we describe the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model that operates at the character level and generates vector representation of tweets. With these choices    , nearby objects those within distance r have a greater chance p1 vs. p2 of being hashed to the same value than objects that are far apart those at a distance greater than cr away. Thus    , our solution successfully combines together two traditionally important aspects of IR: unsupervised learning of text representations word embeddings from neural language model and learning on weakly supervised data. The high efficiency ensures an immediate response    , and thus the transfer deep learning approach with two modes can be adopted as a prototype model for real-time mobile applications    , such as photo tagging and event summarization on mobile devices. Results: Overall Approach
First    , we used the data extracted from DBpedia consisting of the 52 numeric & textual data properties of the City class to test our proposed overall approach SemanticTyper. The Map class supports dynamic programming in the Volcano-Mapper    , for instance  because goals are only solved once and the solution physical plan stored. The Combined Model
 The CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model draws on the intuition that the sequence of features e.g. Their power of reasoning depends on the expressivity of such representation: an ontology provided with complex TBox axioms can act as a valuable support for the representation and the evaluation of a deep knowledge about the domain it represents. LIB+LIF: To weight a term    , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. We measure its value as the Shannon entropy of a location: 
Hl = − ï¿¿ u∈N h S l p l u logp l u 4 
where p l u is the probability that a given check-in in place l is made by user u. We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. In our experiments    , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. The objectives of our experiments are to 1 evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed deep learning-to-respond schema    , and 2 evaluate contextual reformulation strategies and components of multidimension of ranking evidences for the conversational task. Each tree is composed of internal nodes and leaves. Finally    , to predict the ratings for the test user    , we will simply add the weights to the standard memory-based approach. If this assertion is true    , than one can use a much less dense matrix instead of the full X to achieve the same goal    , and significantly reduce the mapping time because the computation in d x X is proportional to the number of non-zero elements in matrix X and vector d 
Conclusions
 To conclude the study in this paper    , noise and redundancy reduction is proposed and evaluated in the LLSF approach to documentto-categones mapping    , at the levels of words    , word combinations    , and word-category associations. , 71 does not depend on X. l 
When X entirely differentiates fault-prone software parts    , then the curve approximates a step function. Besides its advantages in learning efficiency and accuracy    , our approach has one other important benefit specific to the Web. The play is divided into acts in such a way that each act has a fixed set of actors participating objects fitting conveniently on the scene scenario diagram. In order to ensure that some of the candidates are better than the production ranker    , the relevant documents have a higher chance to be promoted to top than the irrelevant ones. The results are listed in 
To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method    , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. Because the denominator holds the maximum entropy and normalized entropy is subtracted from 1    , F falls in the range 
Sσ i     , σ j  = σ i · σ j σ i σ j 2 
 Because facts cannot have negative frequencies    , similarities are in the range 
Styles    , Institutions and Reproduction 
 Cultural Reproduction: Styles are mechanisms of reproduction of focus. First    , the basic Skip-gram model is extended by inserting a softmax layer    , in order to add the word sentiment polarity. In future the mediator should also use a OWL-DL reasoner to infer additional types for subject nodes specified in the query pattern. REFERENCES We then proposed different aspects for characterizing reference quality    , including context coherence    , selection clarity    , and reference relevance with respect to the selection and the context. Together with the self-learning knowledge base    , NRE makes a deep injection possible. Moreover    , our created lexicon outperforms the competitive counterpart on emotion classification task. Related Models
The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. Pearson's correlation r ∈ 
Individualism vs. Collectivism 
In addition to pace of life    , also human relationships differ across cultures. For simplicity    , we define LST M xt    , ht−1 to denote the LSTM operation on input x at time-step t and the previous hidden state ht−1. The default probing method for multi-probe LSH is querydirected probing. Also    , each method reads all the feature vectors into main memory at startup time. The two functions will be used to evaluate both our GPbased approach and the baseline method in our experiments. This section describes how this has been achieved in the Advanced Information Management Prototype For the user    , the most obvious solution to the query: Find all properties such that the length of the boundary is larger than a certain value    , would be to define a function 'get-length' which computes the length of a boundary and then use this function in the following  These types need some explanations: Since PAS- CAL like many other programming languages does not support dynamic arrays    , " special solutions " have to be used to overcome the problems of representing variable long lists or sets. We maintained a vocabulary of 177  ,044 phrases by choosing those with more than 2 occurrences. Our approach called SemanticTyper is significantly different from approaches in past work in that we attempt to capture the distribution and hence characteristic properties of the data corresponding to a semantic label as a whole rather than extracting features from individual data values. Here we skip the detailed formulations due to the space limitation. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features    , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. Six different images were shown to the participant for each topic    , the images varied for each combination of size and relevance    , for that topic. Hence    , connectivity-based unsupervised classifiers offer a viable solution for cross and within project defect predictions. Fitting the Fashion Epoch Segmentation Λ
 Given the model parameters Θ    , this step finds the optimal segmentation of the timeline to optimize the objective in Eq. One solution was to provide an additional feature which was the number of times any URL at the given domain was visited by a toolbar user. ,Q~    ,  ~_ KoQ ~ Zfl2t ~-Kad 2 
where K = t o t a l number of stems recognised and a denotes the standard deviation    , We also have 
E  ,Q  ,d    , " K covariance Q    , d 
Hence    , which is the Pearson product-moment correlation of Q and d. In other words    , the vector space computation is used because it approximates the correlation computation when the vectors are sparse enough. If entries of the Y matrix are unavailable    , under a missing completely at random MCAR assumption we can sample them in each iteration of the MCMC procedure using Equation 1    , and then use the equation above at prediction time. Automatic learning of expressive TBox axioms is a complex task. The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α. 
Dα = {γ1    , γ2} = {π1    , π2    , π3    , π4    , π5    , π6}    , 
with α > 0.2. Conclusion
This year we approached TREC Genomics using a cross language IR CLIR techniques. This means in practice that a person uses approximately a day to finalize the work. Intuitively    , this definition captures the notion that since a search engine generates a ranking of documents by scoring them according to various criteria    , the scores used for ranking may only accurately resolve document relevance to within some toleration . , yN  ∈ R K×N 
1 
where W and B need to be optimized in the subsequent transfer deep learning procedures. INTRODUCTION
Cross lingual information retrieval CLIR has been one of the major research areas in information retrieval during last few years 
LEARNING
Statistical Translation Models
Let's assume that the language of queries is Chinese and the language of documents is English. To obtain the ontology    , we explored the semantic distributions in the domain of personal photos by mining frequent tags from active users in Flickr. We adopt this best kernel for KLSH. The fitting is quite convincing for most of the goals see 
Conclusions 
Twitter provide a powerful medium through which users can communicate their observations not only with their friends    , but also with the world at large.   , for language modeling 44 and collaborative ltering 55. To compute the similarity weights w i  ,k between users ui and u k     , several similarity measures can be adopted    , e.g. Language 
CONCLUSIONS AND FUTURE WORK
In this paper    , we extended an MT-based context-sensitive CLIR approach 
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
 This research was supported in part by the BOLT program of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency    , Contract No. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in 
Combinations 
Cross-Site Scripting
As with SQL injection    , cross-site scripting 
Cross-Site Scripting Detection
Indications of cross-site scripting are detected during the reverse engineering phase    , when a crawler performs a complete scan of every page within a Web application. On the other hand    , a more standard assumption in economic theory is the ET game; in the ET game    , if there are ties the revenue is shared equally. For the online study    , we computed each recommendation list type anew for users in the denser BookCrossing dataset    , 
ΘF = 0 b 
Figure 3: Intra-list similarity behavior a and overlap with original list b for increasing ΘF though without K-folding. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . It is therefore common practice in information retrieval and multimedia databases to use numeric scores in the interval ë0  ,1ë to model user interests ë6    , 5    , 7ë. We have fit our model to the goals of WORLDCUP. Different LSH families can be used for different distance functions D. Families for Jaccard measure    , Hamming distance     , 1 and 2 are known 
h a  ,b v = j a · v + b W k 
 where a is a d-dimensional random vector with entries chosen independently from a p-stable distribution and b is a real number chosen uniformly from the range 
Basic LSH Indexing
 Using a family of LSH functions H    , we can construct indexing data structures for similarity search. Each perturbation vector is directly applied to the hash values of the query object    , thus avoiding the overhead of point perturbation and hash value computations associated with the entropy-based LSH method. Performing a similarity search query on an LSH index consists of two steps: 1 using LSH functions to select " candidate " objects for a given query q    , and 2 ranking the candidate objects according to their distances to q. With the acquired translation pairs    , we can now learn translation probabilities between Chinese words and English words. Since SGML provides a document exchange model rather than a general purpose data model 
Basic SGML Constructs
 Standard Generalized Mark-up Language SGML is an international stan- dard 
line 15 indicates that the corresponding elements actor line 7 and place line 14 have no content    , when these attributes have values. In addition    , the factor representation obtained by PLSA allows to deal with polysemous words and to explicitly distinguish between diierent meanings and diierent t ypes of word usage. Also    , when the standardised server is in place real    , strongly typed links via dynamic linking or interpretation could profitably be considered. LIB is similar in spirit to IDF and its value represents the discriminative power of the term when it appears in a document. Deep Learning with Bottom-Up Transfer
To ensure good generalization abilities in transfer learning    , a shared middle-level feature abstraction is first learned in an unsupervised pre-training and a supervised fine-tuning from both the source and target domains    , in which W is optimized. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. Using S-PLSA as a means of " summarizing " sentiment information from blogs    , we develop ARSA    , a model for predicting sales performance based on the sentiment information and the product's past sales performance. We have followed the method described in 
Conclusions and Future Work
We have presented a predictive model of the Web based on a probabilistic decomposition    , along with a statistical model fitting procedure. In all cases    , the first constraint is timed q 
    , tmax    , and the second constraint is 
FEATURES
In this section    , we present features used for learning a ranking model for related news predictions. Simply put    , RaPiD7 is a method in which the document in hand is authored in a team in consecutive workshops. We propose three aspects context coherence    , selection clarity and reference relevance for measuring context quality    , detecting noisy selections    , and computing the relevance of a reference concept    , respectively. In order to follow the edges in one direction in time    , we treat the edges between topic nodes as directed edges. Then the fitting problem is solved with a dynamic programming procedure    , which finds the segmentation such that rankings inside all bins are predicted most accurately. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function    , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. The new successive higher-order window representations then are fed into LSTM Section 2.2. Our goal in the design of the PIA model and system was to allow a maximum freedom in the formulation and combination of predicates while still preserving a minimum semantic consensus necessary to build a meaningful user interface    , an eaecient query evaluator    , user proaele manager    , persistence manager etc. Moreover    , in U    , no variable is needed for the second parameter which remains constant under recursion. Variable importance is a measurement of how much influence an attribute has on the prediction accuracy. , πn is the value of the g minus the tax numeraire    , given by: uic = vig − πi. Further investigation is needed to take full advantage of the prior information provided by term weighting schemes. Examples of learned translation probabilities are listed in 
EXPERIMENT
In this experiment    , we examine-the CLIR approach that learns a statistical translation model from the bilingual corpus generated by an online translation system. Any programming language which supports static types could be used as well    , for example MODULA /Wi83/. Given a human-issued message as the query    , our proposed system will return the corresponding responses based on a deep learning-to-respond schema. Our experiments after the evaluation show there is a value using semantic information in detecting similarity and dissimilarity. Drop-Out: we concatenate q0 with the whole context while leave-one-out each context sentence    , one at a time    , i.e. University of Maryland tried to circumvent the problem by using an unified index in some of their runs    , but the other groups working on the main task all had to rely on merging of some sort to combine their individual    , bilingual cross-language runs. Finally    , we select the state with the largest expected number of steps in word items as the next item g |G|+1 in BCDRW ranking: 
g |G|+1 = argmax n i=|G|+1 vi 25 
 Note that    , in each iteration we need to compute the fundamental matrix 20    , which is expensive. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. CONCLUSIONS
In this paper    , we propose to establish an automatic conversation system between humans and computers. Results
A total of twelve groups from six different countries submitted results for the TREC-8 CLIR track see 
Participant 
Merging remained an important issue for most participants. For example    , the mean number of nodes accessed in the top-down search of the complete link hierarchy for the INSPEC collection is 873 requiring only 20  ,952 bytes of core. The method: RaPiD7
An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents    , 7 steps. Note    , partial bindings    , which come from the same input    , have the same set of unevaluated triple patterns. The former one classifies the candidate documents into vital or non-vital    , yet the latter one classifies them into relevant vital + useful  or irrelevant unknown + non-referent. We split the document into paragraphs or sentences and rank them according to an estimate of relevance to the query. Our future work will study emotion-specific word embeddings for lexicon construction using deep learning. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index    , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. In this paper 1 we present a coordination middleware for the Semantic Web and demonstrate its relevance to these vital issues for Semantic Web applications. While videogames represent an important part of our cultural and economic landscape    , deep theory development in the field of Game Studies    , particularly theory related to creativity    , is lacking. Introduction
Recent research on multi-language digital libraries has focused on cross-language information retrieval CLIR—retrieving documents written in one language through a query in a different language 
The Niupepa Digital Library Collection
The Niupepa DL www.nzdl.org/niupepa makes available a collection of historic Māori newspapers published between 1842 and 1933 
Data Collection and Definition
The default language is defined as the language that the interface to the Niupepa DL web site is displayed in when the home page www.nzdl.org/niupepa is requested. Recent w ork has also shown that the beneets of PLSA extend beyond document indexing and that a similar approach can be utilized    , e.g. Data augmentation    , in our context    , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. We observe that even when there is no change in the entropy    , there is still an amount of information responsible for any variance in the probability distribution. Because linguistic biases are mitigated by the communicative context    , we might expect collaborative biographies created in a more anonymous communication environment     , such as IMDb    , to suffer less from linguistic bias    , where the social identity of the biography's subject is the primary trigger for LIB and LEB. Equipped with the proposed models    , companies will be able to better harness the predictive power of blogs and conduct businesses in a more effective way. However    , this feature was quite noisy and sparse    , particularly for URLs with query parameters e.g. Whilst classic relevance ratings have viewed relevance in purely semantic terms    , it would appear that in practice users adjust their relevance judgements when considering other factors. Here    , we propose a semantic relevance measure which outputs relevancy values of each pictogram when a pictogram interpretation is given. The workshops are well prepared    , and innovative brainstorming and problem solving methods are used. Specifically    , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. These training instances are represented in terms of their transformed feature vectors in the kernel space. EMPIRICAL EVALUATION
In this section we conduct a set of empirical studies to extensively evaluate the performance of our time-dependent query semantic similarity model. We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space    , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. Computational Complexity
All the presented approaches allow the computation of the probabilities using a dynamic programming approach. In the WSDM Evaluation setup    , we compare the performance of BARACO and MT using the following metrics: AUC and Pearson correlation as before. The general interest score is the cosine similarity between the user general interest model and the suggestion model in terms of their vector representations. These categories are:  REL/RETR-relevant documents retrieved above the cut- off  NON/RETR-non-relev8llt documents retrieved above the cutoff  REL/NON-relevant documents not retrieved above the 'cutoff 
What the results in 
The incrementing of document scores in this way is ba.sed on a probabilistic model of retrieval described in Croft's paper. Model selection
 Many of the dependences may be statistically insignificant     , so the respective coefficients should be set to zero. Each of these macro parts can be changed independently. In early years    , researchers have investigated into task-oriented conversation systems 
RELATED WORK
Conversation Systems
Early work on conversation systems is generally based on rules or templates and is designed for specific domains 
 Unlike previous work    , we conduct a novel study of retrievalbased automatic conversation systems with a deep learning-torespond schema via deep learning paradigm. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects    , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. However    , the MorphAdorner dictionary is an unusually large and clean knowledge base by CLIR standards.