Shannon Entropy is defined as To answer this question  , we calculate the Shannon Entropy of each user from the distribution of categories across their sessions. Shannon entropy: Shannon entropy 27 allows to estimate the average minimum number of bits needed to encode a string of symbols in binary form if log base is 2 based on the alphabet size and the frequency of symbols. FE- NN2 is based on the fast implementation scheme and the approximate pignistic Shannon entropy. We then calculate the Shannon Entropy Shannon et al.  the autocorrelation of the signal. Applying the Shannon Entropy equation directly will be misleading. Hence  , the optimum wavelet tree represents the maximum entropy contained in the image and thereby its information content. Shannon Entropy is shown on the left  , min-Entropy in the middle and Rényi Entropy on the right. In information theory  , entropy measures the disorder or uncertainty associated with a discrete  , random variable  , i.e. More specifically  , we compute two entropy-based features for the EDA and EMG-CS data: Shannon entropy and permutation entropy. We consider a set of objects described by boolean variables . In this section  , we analyze the characteristics of categories on Pinterest and Twitter. Entropy is being popularly applied as a measurement in many fields of science including biology  , mechanics  , economics  , etc. Higher entropy means a more uniform distribution across beer types  , i.e. The Theil uncertainty coefficient measures the entropy decrease rate of the consequent due to the antecedent . There are numerous metrics that are applicable such as informationbased metrics that result in the optimization of Shannon entropy  , mutual information  , etc. This indicates the proposed fast implementation scheme works well  , both in equivalent combination scheme and the use of approximate pignistic Shannon entropy. Shannon entropy in the past has been successfully used as a regularizing principle in optical image reconstruction problems. So he has there by advanced information theory remarkably . We choose the Shannon entropy as the opthising functional. In above  , K fuzzy evidence structures are used for illustration . Information theory deals with assessing and defining the amount of information in a message 32 . However  , the LZ method shows a more intense correlation since our model has considered the conditional situations. The results are shown in Table 3   , which indicate that an individual's NST@Self shows an obvious positive correlation with both shannon entropy and LZ  , i.e. Shannon proposed to measure the amount of uncertainty or entropy in a distribution. Shannon entropy. To answer this question  , we calculate the Shannon Entropy of each user from the distribution of categories across their sessions. Our task is to predict user engagement solely on the basis of inexpensive  , easy-to-acquire user interaction signals. Hypothesis 1 -Tweeters with higher diversity have higher brokerage opportunities. Having computed the topical distribution of each individual tweet  , we can now estimate an entire profile's topical diversity and do so by using the Shannon diversity theorem entropy: Topical Diversity. Uncertainties/entropies of the two distributions can be computed by Shannon entropy: Let Y denote posterior changed probabilities after certain information is known: Y = y1  , y2  , . In general  , the optimization problem 17 can be locally solved using numerical gradient-descent methods. In this section  , we present the least information theory LIT to quantify meaning semantics in probability distribution changes. Moreover  , the MI can be represented via Shannon entropy  , which is a quantity of measuring uncertainty of random variables  , given as follows It is straightforward that the MI between two variables is 0 iff the two variables are statistically independent. By varying the resistor R we can vary the weight given to the regularizing entropy term relative to the minimization of the square of the error. Another approach is to apply the Kolmogorov complexity that measures the signal complexity by its minimum description length  , that in the limit tends to the Shannon Entropy measure. Similarly  , the weighted permutation entropy scores did not exhibit a significant difference over the latency conditions  , for permutations of order With respect to the EDA data  , the obtained Shannon entropy scores did not change significantly across the latency conditions χ 2 3 = 3.40  , p > .05. For example  , using gray level histogram  , a checker-board b/w pattern of 2x2 squares will have the same entropy as one with 4x4 squares covering an equal area although the latter contains more information. Various other theorists introduced the concept of Entropy to general systems. Thus  , the Shannon Entropy forms a type of lower bound on the dimensionality of the index space. We made use of Spearman's rho 8  , which measures the monotonic consistency between two variables   , to test whether NST@Self stays in line with modelfree methods. The rationale for this choice  , as well as the underlying mathematics  , is described in detail later in this article. This basic unit of objective information  , the bit  , was more formally related to thermodynamics by Szilard. Finally  , to address the varying number of checkins per user  , we compute the Shannon Entropy of the per user checkin frequency. Yet  , we turn to a decomposition-like scheme  , where a product result of fuzzy evidence structures is treated as a fuzzy like focal with mass 1  , and it is further decomposed into a crisp evidence structure in the same manner as 3. Moreover   , pignistic Shannon entropy is computed based on the derived crisp evidence structure. Shannon adopted the same log measure when he established the average information-transmitting capacity of a discrete channel  , which he called the entropy  , by analogy with formulae in thermodynamics. Finally  , there might be months that are more olfactory pleasant than others. Specifically  , Let X be a |W | × C matrix such that x w ,c is the number of times term w appears in messages generated by node c. Towards understanding how unevenly each term is distributed among nodes  , let G be a vector of |W | weights where g w is equal to 1 plus term w's Shannon information entropy 1. We measure the compressibility of the data using zero order Shannon entropy H on the deltas d which assumes deltas are independent and generated with the same probability distribution  , where pi is the probability of delta i in the data: It also reduces the delta sizes as compared to URL ordering  , with approximately 71.9% of the deltas having the value one for this ordering. Query session := <query  , context> clicked document* Each session contains one query  , its corresponding context and a set of documents which the user clicked on or labeled which we will call clicked documents. Mutual information is a measure of the statistical dependency between two random variables based on Shannon' s entropy and it is defined as the following: Thus probabilistic correlations among query terms  , contextual elements and document terms can be established based on the query logs  , as illustrated in Figure 1. In the field of information science  , Shannon has defined information as the degree of entropy. In t h e 1940's  , Shannon resolved the problem of measuring information by defining Entropy as a measure of the uncertainty of transmission of information: where as is the space of information signals transmitted 12  , 51. On both datasets  , the feature weight shows that powerful users tend to express a more varied range of emotions. Using these interpretations  , it would be possible to relate this information measure to the conventional Shannon-Hartley entropy measure. We calculate these metrics for both the fitted model and the actual data  , and compare the results. Indeed  , training a classifier on the Shannon entropy of a user's distribution of NRC categories achieved good performance on FOLLOWERS and KLOUT  , with accuracies of 65.36% and 62.38% respectively both significant at p < 0.0001. In the information theory  , the concept of entropy developed by Shannon measures the extent to which a system is organized or disorganized. In this section  , we compare DIR to the informationtheoretic measures traditionally used to evaluate rule interestingness see table 1for formulas:  the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , which measures the deviation from equilibrium;  the mutual information 12  , the Theil uncertainty 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12  , which measure the deviation from independence. The outputs of our computational methodology are two  , inter-related  , user typologies: 1 a course-grained view of the user population segmented into use diffusion adopter categories and 2 a fine-grained view of the same population segmented along the same two dimensions but using more detailed measures for variety and frequency. Furthermore  , since NST@Self actually measures an individual's aspiration for variety  , we compared two model-free methods widely adopted in information theory: shannon 37  , which calculates the conditional entropy. The information-theoretic measures commonly used to evaluate rule interestingness are the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , the average mutual information 12 often simply called mutual information  , the Theil uncertainty coefficient 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12 cf. Several well studied codes like the Huffman and Shannon- Fano codes achieve 1 + HD bits/tuple asymptotically  , using a dictionary that maps values in D to codewords. The dynamic programming is carried out from bottom to top. Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. s k   , any subsegmentation si . Dynamic programming. stochastic dynamic programming  , and recommended actions are executed. The dynamic programming step takes approximately 0.06 seconds for set 1. 20 showed how to compute general Dynamic Programming problem distributively. The dynamic programming is performed off-line and the results are used by the realtime controllers. If the grid is coarse  , dynamic programming works reasonably quickly. ft and STight are computed by dynamic programming. The objective function for the dynamic programming implementation is defined as Finding the path is one of programming technique 4. Dynamic Programming Module: Given an input sequence of maximum beacon frame luminance values and settings of variables associated with constraints discussed later  , the Dynamic Programming Module outputs a backlight scaling schedule that minimizes the backlight levels. In this section  , we seek to derive accurate estimates of the value of this dynamic programming problem in the limit when an ad has already been shown a large number of times. The basic criteria for the applicability of dynamic programming to optimization problems is that the restriction of an optimal solution to a subsequence of the data has to be an optimal solution to that subsequence. We may justify why dynamic programming is the right choice for small-space computation by comparing dynamic programming to power iteration over the graph of Fig. Good object-oriented programGing relies on dynamic binding for structuring a program flow of control -00 programming has even been nicknamed " case-less programming " . The idea behind VDP is to use as much as possible the power of classical complete dynamic programming-based methods   , while avoiding their exponential memory and time requirements. In contrast  , our double dynamic programming technique Section 2 can be directly applied to arbitrary unrooted  , undirected trees. Note that the dynamic programming has been used in discretization before 14 . Though real-time dynamic programming converges to an optimal solution quickly  , several modifications are proposed to further speed-up the convergence. All the techniques transform the tree into a rooted binary tree or binary composition rules before applying dynamic programming. For the sensor selection problem we use dynamic programming in a similar fashion. Consequently  , one would expect dynamic programming to always produce better query plans for a given tree shape. The current implementation of the VDL Generator has been equipped with a search strategy adopting the dynamic programming with a bottom-up approach. However  , this problem is solvable in pseudopolynomial time with dynamic programming 6 . Consider an optimization problem with The operation of dynamic programming can be explained as follows. Its cost function minimizes the number of reversals. 21 used dynamic programming for hierarchical topic segmentation of websites. Dynamic programming is also a widely used method to approximately solve NP-hard problems 1.  , 33 propose an evolutionary timeline summarization strategy based on dynamic programming. 11  used dynamic programming to implement analytical operations on multi-structural databases. where || · || 2Figure 3 : Experience fitting as a dynamic programming problem . We consider two time series The time warping distance is computed using dynamic programming 23. This dynamic programming gives O|s| 2  running time solution. 1: Progression of real-time dynamic programming 11 sample states for the Grid World example. A sensory perception controller SPC using stochastic dynamic programming has been developed. Dynamic time warping is solved via dynamic programming 20. coordinated motion  , the equation in 3 would be used as the cost function for either optimal control or DTW. For dynamic programming  , we extended ideas presented by entries in the 2001 ICFP programming competition to a real-world markup language and dealt with all the pitfalls of this more complicated language. Most attempts to layer a static type system atop a dynamic language 3  , 19  , 34 support only a subset of the language  , excluding many dynamic features and compromising the programming model and/or the type-checking guarantee. However  , we found it difficult in many cases with dynamic leak detection to identify the programming errors associated with dynamic leak warnings. Second  , the system is extensible. Dynamic programming can be employed to solve LCS. The method is also an initial holonomic path method. One final extension is required. by using dynamic programming. A dynamic programming approach is used to calculate an optimal  , monotonic path through the similarity matrix. The idea of dynamic programming was proposed by Richard Bellman in the 1940s. is developed1. However  , dynamic programming has about two orders of magnitude larger consumption of computational resources Fig. We apply multidimensional Dynamic Programming DP matching to align multiple observations. This optimization problem can be solved by dynamic programming. Dynamic programming is a method for optimization which determines the optimal path through a grid. Figure 1 illustrates the idea of outer dynamic programming . There are multiple ways to form intervals. Rows represent experience levels  , columns represent ratings   , ordered by time. Currently  , we support two join implementations: We use iterative dynamic programming for optimization considering limitations on access patterns. As mentioned earlier  , a combined Lagrangian relaxation and dynamic programming method is developed . Specifically  , we make the following contributions: 1.  The use of dynamic programming to re-arrange markup Section 8. The fitness matrix D will be used in the dynamic programming shown in Fig. A dynamic programming procedure controls the graph expansion. The most common of these include dynamic programming 2   , mixed integer programming 5  , simulation and heuristics based methods. The programming of robot control system if structured in this way  , may be made of different programming languages on each level. A major challenge is then to design a distributed programming model that provides a dynamic layout capability without compromising on explicit programmability of the layout thereby improving system scalability and yet retains as much as possible the local programming language model thereby improving programming scalability. Dynamic programming languages  , such as Lisp and Smalltalk  , support statement-and procedure-1eve:l runtime change. Experimental results will be presented in the Section 4 comparing these heuristics. Computed LCS lengths are stored in a matrix and are used later in finding the LCS length for longer prefixes – dynamic programming. Dynamic programming is popular for music information retrieval because melodic contours can be represented as character strings  , thus melodic comparison and search can benefit from the more mature research area of string matching. SARSOP also uses a dynamic programming approach  , but it is significantly more efficient by using only a set of sampled points from B. The size of the dynamic programming table increases exponentially with the number of sequences  , making this problem NP-hard for an arbitrary number of sequences 18  , and impractical for more than a few. A conventional dynamic-programming optimizer iteratively finds optimal access plans for increasingly larger parts of a query. The flow of the computation is illustrated in Fig.1. In the dynamic programming DP in Fig.1 part  , we define a discrete state space  , transition probability of the robot  , and immediate evaluation for its action. Silvestri and Venturini 21  resort to a similar dynamic programming recurrence to optimize their encoder for posting lists. Thus the expected value of the dynamic programming problem that arises in the next period is F zE˜θE˜θ k+1 The probability the advertiser does not win the auction is 1 − F z  , in which case the value of the dynamic programming problem that arises next period remains at V k x ˜ θ k   , k. As the dynamic programming technique is popular for approximate string matching  , it is only natural that it be broadly used in the area of melodic search. As is well known  , the dynamic programming strategy plays an central role in efficient data mining for sequential and/or transaction patterns  , such as in Apriori-All 1  , 2  and Pre- fixSpan 10. The core of the dynamic programming approach is that for each region  , we consider the optimal solutions of the child sub-problems  , and piece together these solutions to form a candidate solution for the original region. Unlike languages with static object schemas e.g. If the programming language into which the constructs are embedded has dynamic arrays  , the size of the program buffer can be redefined at Proceedings of the Tenth International The constructs can be generalized to dynamic and n-dimensional arrays. Given current object-based programming technology  , such systems can be rapidly developed and permit dynamic typechecking on objects. There are also successful examples of dynamic walking systems that do not use trajectory optimization. However  , the high di- IEEE International Conference -2695 on Robotlcs and Automation mension of the state space usually results in dynamic programs of prohibitive complexity. Since collection of dynamic information affects over all target program  , this functionality becomes a typical crosscutting concern  , which is modularized as an aspect in AOP 4. However  , the dynamic programming approach requires the samples to be sorted  , which in itself requires On logn operations. A relocatable dynamic object can be dynamically loaded into a client computer from a server computer. With these methods   , the right method according to the dynamic types of the parameters is executed.  Standard compiler optimization techniques  , in this case dead-code removal Section 9. The finegrained approach supports relocation for every programming language object. To choose the best plan  , we use a dynamic programming approach. At each site  , a singlesite cost-based optimizer generates optimized execution plans for the subqueries. We use simple heuristics to separate acronyms from non-acronym entity names. The optimizer uses dynamic programming to build query plans bottom-up. it is difficult to compute this instantaneously   , so instead  , we compute an approximate navigation function by using dynamic programming on an occupancy grid. Amini2  p pesented dynamic programming for finding minimun points. Dynamic programming can be employed to find the optimal solution for LCS efficiently. This application was built using the C programming language. Hence  , computationally efficient methods such as dynamic programming are required. In our method  , the dynamic programming search considers all these trajectories and selects the one with globally minimal constraint value. The method using Dynamic Programming DP matching is proposed to compare demonstrations and normalize them. Finally  , the segmentation was done using dynamic programming. Each block was given a final score based on its rank position and length. Similarly  , the dynamic programming step is On with a constant factor for maximum window size. We use iterative dynamic programming for optimization considering limitations on access patterns. We leverage the dynamic programming paradigm  , due to the following observa- tion: Next  , we investigate how to determine the optimal bucket boundaries efficiently. The soft-counting is done efficiently by dynamic programming . The application of the dynamic programming is also elucidated by /Parodi 84/. 11 produced an influential paper on finding unusual time series which they call deviants with a dynamic programming approach. This section presents a dynamic programming approach to find the best discretization function to maximize the parameterized goodness function. In the following  , we introduce our dynamic programming approach for discretization. We are currently investigating a dynamic programming technique that improves on this performance. There are length-1 and length-2 rules in practice. Object-oriented OO programming has many useful features   , such as information hiding  , encapsulation  , inheritance  , polymorphism  , and dynamic binding. The main idea of dynamic programming is captured in lines 10-15. Thus  , the following congregation property is extremely useful. We implemented this iterative dynamic programming technique for the motion of the wheel. To study the quality of plans produced by dynamic programming   , we built a stripped-down optimieer baaed on it. The only real difference is the way the cost of subplans are computed. Multiple sequence alignment based on DP matching is extensively studied in the field of biological computing 111. Another approach is to discretize the state space and use dynamic programming 9  , IO . In Section 3 we describe the general principle underlying Variational Dynamic Programming. The most frequent smallest interval  , which is also an integer fraction of other longer intervals  , is taken as the smallest note length. This can be easily done using dynamic programming. 22 presented an alignment method to identify one-to-one Chinese and English title pairs based on dynamic programming. Dynamic programming is used to determine the maximum probability mapping for each of the time series. For this task  , dynamic programming DP has become the standard model. This problem can be solved efficiently using the following dynamic programming formulation. We have applied Aspect-Oriented Programming AOP to collect dynamic information. However  , construction of OPTIMAL using dynamic programming for 100  , 000 intervals proved to be unacceptably slow on our computing platform. All were confirmed to be real duplicates. using a dynamic programming approach. under the constraint that IIa~11~ = 1. An alignment path of maximum similarity is determined from this matrix via dynamic programming. The flow chart of the neural dynamic programming was shown in 4shows a case when the robot achieves square corners. Model-based control schemes may employ a kinematic as well as dynamic model of the robotic mechanism. The cost function minimized by the dynamic programming procedure represents the number of maneuvers. After the values are computed  , every node computes an optimal policy for itself according to Equation 2. For all environments  , the initial holonomic path is computed using a dynamic programming planner. For efficiency consideration  , we use greedy search rather than dynamic programming to find valid subsets. For each query  , we pre-compute the second maximization in the equation for all positions of using dynamic programming. The Rover toolkit provides two major programming abstractions: relocatable dynamic objects RDOs  , and queued remote procedure call QRPC. Optimizers of this sort generate query plans in three phases. There are two key considerations in applying a quadratic programming approach. Note that an optimal ordering of pair-wise co-compressibilities does not necessarily result in an optimal compression across all columns. However  , directly applying it to the distance matrix did not generate the best segmentation results . However  , they require an a priori identification of singular arcs. 29 use smoothed contact models to achieve short-horizon motion planning through contact at online rates using differential dynamic programming.   , we must compute the best recovery action. Field 7 assumes no prespecified path but assumes quasi-static conditions of operation. Rather than applying the concept to dynamic programming  , this paper applies the concept to experimental design. For this purpose  , a minimax problem is solved using Dynamic Programming methods 5. Section 2 describes how we achieve manual but lead through programming by controlling the dynamic behavior of the robot. The demonstration data consists of various signals. In Section 4 we present the faster heuristic version of the planner PVDP. The minmatches+l time series with the highest associated probabilities are identified. The time warping distance is computed using dynamic programming 23. the optimal substructure in dynamic programming. Set of split points is also used by dynamic programming. However  , we can use dynamic programming to reduce the double exponential complexity. The Decomposition Theorem immediately gives rise to the Dynamic Programming approach 17 to compute personalized Page-Rank that performs iterations for k = 1  , 2  , . But  , it is not standard in statically typed languages such as Java. As described above  , paths are generated by simultaneously minimizing path length and maximizing information content  , using dynamic programming 15 . Further  , the enumeration must be performed in an order valid for dynamic programming. Then  , Section 3.2 gives specific recurrences for choosing partitioning functions. For nonoverlapping buckets  , the recurrence becomes: We can then rewrite the dynamic programming formulations in terms of these lists of nodes. For a two-dimensional binary hierarchy  , the dynamic programming recurrence is shown below. Hence  , the overall complexity of our dynamic programming approach is O Finally  , in lines 17-21  , the reconstruction of buckets takes d steps. We can then pursue variations of the dynamic programming techniques to achieve better performance in melodic search. The word segmentation is performed based on maximizing the segmented token probability via dynamic programming. It converges reasonably close to the optimal solution although it is very slow many minutes. We apply dynamic programming to find the segmentation  ˆ Specifically  , we denotêdenotê D =  where Diam ˆ Dij is the sum of all elements ofˆDijofˆ ofˆDij. We found that dynamic programming technique performs relatively well by itself. considered the problem of choosing the production rates of an N-machine Aowshop by formulating a stochastic dynamic programming problem. This report is organized as follows. Now if the new advertiser places a bid of z  , then the probability the advertiser wins the auction is F z  , in which case the expected value of the dynamic programming problem that arises next period is E˜θE˜θ k+1  The value of the dynamic programming problem that arises from placing the optimal bid z in the current period  , V k x ˜ θ k   , k  , is equal to the immediate reward from bidding z or the negative of the loss function that arises in the current period plus δ times the expected value of the dynamic programming problem that arises in the next period. For this particular example  , quadratic programming gets the optimal solution; this motivates the development of MDLH-Quad  , a quadratic programming heuristic. FarGo attempts to reconcile these seemingly conflicting goals. Sections 3 overviews the monitoring service along with an event-based scripting language for external programming of the layout. Attempting to use dynamic methods to remove all of the leaks in a program  , especially ones with reference counting and user-defined allocators was very time consuming. To maximize power savings under constraints  , this module runs only when the Scanning Module has forwarded pixel luminance histogram information from enough beacon frames to form a meaningful batch of frames. For this purpose  , the dynamic programming approach uses the following indicators regarding the starting and finishing times of operations of the two jobs. It can be observed that there is a good agreement between the stationary solution corresponding to z 1   , which is the global minimum  , and the solution obtained from the dynamic programming approach. The ideas presented here are complimentary to some early ideas on task level programming of dynamic tasks 2 ,1  , but focus instead on how collections of controllers can be used to simplify the task of programming the behavior of a generic mechanism. First  , unless programming tools can quickly support the constantly evolving requirements of dynamic web applications  , we will always be tempted to expose to developers the lower level client-side scripting and server-side generative code used in web pages. We conducted quantitative experiments on the performance of the various techniques  , both individually and in combination  , and compared the performance of our techniques to simple  , text-based compression. While modeling languages are basically notations for concurrent/extended finite-state machines  , programming languages are much more expressive and complex since they support procedures  , recursion  , dynamic data structures of various shapes and sizes  , pointers  , etc. The rule definition module is a modular tool which offers a language for rule programming and a rule programming interface for dynamic creation or modification of rules within an application. In the enhanced form MDLe  , it provided a formal basis for robot programming using behaviors and at the same time permitted incorporatlon of kmematic and dynamic models of robots in the form of differential equations. For instance  , dynamic possibilities for creating and referencing objects are desirable in implementation languages  , but are excluded from Unity  , in order to keep the associated programming logic simple. We have developed a programming model that carefully balances between programming scalability and system scalability  , and which uses the inter-component reference as its main abstraction vehicle. Another notable difference is that HaskellDB is designed to work with functional programming languages whereas the SQL DOM is designed to be used from object oriented programming languages. Of all the above systems  , only Sumatra employs such support  , but using a drastically different programming model and API  , which tightly couples relocation into the application's logic. The aim is t o provide-at the task levelgeneric and efEcient programming methodologies for rigorous mission specification with a gateway to teleoperation for online user intervention. By using the Pascal-like programming language LAP :0 Logic f Actions for Programming  , we formal­ ize the controller specification. Finally   , applications may be developed by multiple teams  , possibly using multiple programming paradigms and programming languages. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: Section 2 presents the programming model and its main entities: complets  , the relocatable application building blocks  , and complet references  , FarGo's main abstraction for dynamic layout programming. The external API enables relatively simple programming of new behaviors of the isolation engine. Dynamic reconfiguration would be a powerful addition  , although It would be another source for nondeterminism. This complexity arises from three main sources. Finally  , our parameters are randomly initialized between 0 and 1.0. 3. attribute vs. property: the meta-programming facility of scripting languages enables the addition of attributes to objects dynamically whereas their dynamic typing enables the attributes to have values of multiple types. Without strict enforcement of separation   , a template engine provides tasty icing on the same old stale cake. The method is optimal but its time complexity is exponential  , and thus not suitable for practical use. Another unique aspect of FarGo is how dynamic layout is integrated with the overall architecture of the application. A subsequent example will illustrate our approach. Given this automaton  , we can use dynamic programming to find the most likely state sequence which replicates the data. Dynamic programming has already been used to generate time optimal joint trajectories for nonredundant manipulators 11  , 3 or for known joint paths 10. The dynamic programming technique currently used for finding the minimum-cost trajectories demands a monotonic integration of the entropy. Instead of selecting two chromosomes at a time  , the supervised crossover operator will put the whole population under consideration. In 9  , separate GPs are used to model the value function and state-action space in dynamic programming problems. Edit distance captures the amount of overlap between the queries as sequences of symbols and have been previously used in information retrieval 4  , 14  , 28. Within the context of the sentence distance matrix  , text segmentation amounts to partition the matrix into K blocks of sub-matrix along the diagonal. In Section 3  , we describe the architecture of the welding robot we have customized and provide some details on important components. As an example of the use of stochastic dynamic programming for predicting and evaluating different actions see 2  , where planning of robot grinding tasks is studied. in the collision regions are found by selecting the configurations with locally minimum potential on MO. In this work we presented a more efficient way to compute general heuristics for E-Graphs  , especially for those which are not computed using dynamic programming. For the high-dimensional cases we developed a general method for NMP  , that we call the method of Progressive Constraints PC. Bang motions are produced by applying some control during a short time. Takeda  , Facchinetti and Latombe 1994 13 introduce sensory uncertainty fields SUF. It determines the most appropriate action at all states according to an evaluation function. They are chosen by the dynamic programming so as to minimize steps of the robot from the current position to the destination. 7  Their sevenlink biped was controlled using dynamic programming and followed desired trajectories as found by Winter2 and Inmanl. The curse of dimensionality referred to here has been widely addressed in the fraiiiework of dynamic programming in the literature 1131. There are exponentially many possible segmentations  , but dynamic programming makes the calculation tractable. It is important to note that the dynamic programming equation 2 is highly parallelizable. It does this by optimizing some figure-of-merit FOM which is computed for alternative routes. We discuss the necessary changes in the context of a bottom-up dynamic programming optimizer SAC 79. The topics of these documents range from libertarianism to livestock predators to programming in Fortran. Each of the methods use a dynamic programming approach. It is a dynamic programming problem functional minimization. For this to happen  , each candidate point correspondence is associated with a value point correspondence cost. However   , the existing approaches do not have a global goodness function to optimize  , and almost all of them have to require the knowledge of targeted number of intervals. Not all common evaluation functions possess this property. In particular  , we obtain the following result: For small values of σ k   , we can use a Taylor expansion to approximate the value of the above dynamic programming problem. Such extension programs are written separately from the application  , whose source remains unmodified. A standard dynamic programming induction can be employed to show that at Line 10  , the value of Aj *  is the maximum possible likelihood  , given the total order constraint. This value can easily be computed by dynamic programming  , much like the Gittins index. ViTABaL 7 is a hybrid visual programming environment that we had previously developed for designing and implementing TA-based systems. Scene was implemented in Oberon which is both an object-oriented programming language 1 3  and a runtime environment 18  , 25 providing garbage collection   , dynamic module loading  , run-time types  , and commands. Packaging: not relevant  , usually all routines are linked together in one executable program  , but overlays and dynamic linkage libraries are stored separately. Therefore  , we modify the standard dynamic programming to accept real-valued matching similarity. The alignments use dynamic programming and the Levenshtein edit distance as the cost. One problem is to avoid the kinematic and dynamic interferences between the two robots during operations . The design of an application simulation is done as follows. could appear anywhere in the retrieved list and  , using dynamic programming  , compute by enumeration the resulting EAP . Table 3lists the CPU time comparison of the exhaustive search method and our dynamic programming method. Recently  , the authors of 5 showed how the time-honored method of optimizing database queries  , namely dynamic programming 14  , could be cxtcndcd to include both pipelining and parallelism. The same results are also used to highlight the advantages of bushy execution trees over more restricted tree shapes. We have pursued and implemented our approach because it has several crucial advantages. Our optimizer explores both kinds of parallelism  , itrtza and inler-operation. Further  , by starting with 1 and incrementing by 1  , the enumeration order is valid for dynamic programming: for every subset  , all its subsets are generated before the subset itself. To reconstruct the entire bucket set  , we apply dynamic programming recursively to the children of the root. Figure 8  , may be thought of as using standard dynamic programming for edit-distance computation  , but savings are achieved by SPF works by finding any one place where I potentially occurs in Q   , if any. The required cost matrix is generated for symbolic as also for object-oriented representations of terrains. For real-time  on-line  control  , however  , the computational costs of this solution can be prohibitive. Other approaches like Gradient Vector Flow 10 and its variants 11 perform better when the initialization is not as good. This mechanism prevents changes in the state of occupancy of a cell by small probability cha ,nges. Lee  , Nam and Lyou  l l  and Mohri  , Yamamoto and Marushima  171 find an optimized coordination curve using dynamic programming. The freedom in choosing a heuristic is very large. To be of any practical value  , the extra incurred overhead cost by the SPC can not outweigh the actual sensing costs. The SPC is based on stochastic dynamic programming and a detailed description of the model is presented i n1 4. Application of the SPC was demonstrated for a planar robotic assembly task by 5. Remember  , the four components are LCA expansion  , computation of pairwise sentence similarity  , segment ranking and dynamic programming . This strategy consists in generating the various plans in a bottom-up manner  , as follows. In Section 4  , we present the problem of active learning in labeling sequences with different length and propose to solve it by dynamic programming. We make use of the firstorder independence assumption and get the output in a dynamic programming fashion. structure. We also experimented with allowing wildcards in the middle of tokens. Foote's experiments 5 demonstrated the feasibility of such tasks by matching power and spectrogram values over time using a dynamic programming method. In our first experiment we demonstrate the convergence of rounded dynamic programming measured by the maximum error as the number of iterations increases whilst keeping fixed at a modest 10 −4 in all iterations. Typically  , redirection methods are useful in the Java programming language as it does not support the late-binding on dynamic types of method parameters. The two additional matrices store the alignment scores associated with insertion gaps and deletion gaps respectively. Researchers have recognized the importance of software evolution for over three decades. Currently programming is done in terms of files. The text manipulation functions natively available in the language also allow for expressive transformations to be applied to the largely text-based message data. These interfaces do not support dynamic queries  , so they are not able to handle the full range of queries needed in complete applications. Another limitation is that for large datasets containing long trajectories  , even if they were completely available   , the dynamic programming solution may be too inefficient to be practical. Hence all known approaches to solving the problem optimally  , such as dynamic programming   , have a worst-case exponential running time. Constraints expressed in logical formulas are often very expensive to check. Reeulta were collected for the improved version of the BC heurietic M well. This relaxation adds additional overhead to our search space in dynamic programming from; otherwise nothing else changes. Evolutionary summarization approaches segment post streams into event chains and select tweets from various chains to generate a tweet summary; Nichols et al. However  , these prohibitive complexities make this solution unfeasible for inputs larger than few thousands of integers. In Section 4  , we discuss details of our experiments. It then builds a graph of all possible chords  , and selects the best path in this graph using dynamic programming. Experiments have been performed on a MIDI song database with a given ground truth for chords. This paper presents a multi-agent architecture for dynamic scheduling and control of manufacturing cells based on actor framawork . Programming such an autonomous robot is very hard. the minimal cost-to-go policy is known as using a greedy strategy. In the first generation  , the population generator will generate n crossover points  , i.e. The inspection all* cation problem for this configuration has been solved using dynamic programming in Garcia-Diu 3. Second  , the dynamic programming phase must examine all connected sub graphs of 1 to n nodes. Note that the time and memory complexity of this problem is proportional in the product N × M   , which becomes problematic for long pieces. The approximate matching on 9400 songs based on dynamic programming takes 21 seconds. The focus of these efforts has been the off-line computation of the timeoptimal control using the Pontryagin Maximum Principle   , dynamic programming and parameter o timizations . At this point we dispose of a sparse metric reconstruction . Moreover  , here occurs the question of the evaluation of optimality of the "solution". The exponents A 1 and X2 are weights  , and were chosen experimentally. The centers of corresponding MDs between two image planes should be searched for only within the same horizontal scanlines. A method for planning informative surveys in marine environments is detailed in 8. The resulting planner is less general in theory than the original VDP planner  , since it uses problem-specific heuristics to guide the search. In section 6  , we briefly discuss some theoretical and practical issues related to variational dynamic programming. Dynamic programming is used to find corresponding elements so that this distance is minimal. A dynamic programming based technique is presented to find the optimal subset of clusters. These variants can also be solved by dynamic programming. We simply evaluate all bipartitions made up of consecutive vertices on the ordering n ,d. As we only compute a bipartitioning  , we do not need to resort to dynamic programming as for k-way partitioning. Our dynamic programming approach for discretization referred to as Unification in the experimental results depends on two parameters  , α and β. Notice that unlike in the dynamic programming where we gradually increase the precision of d PPR By 6 we need to calculate SPPR k u efficiently in small space. Such dynamic generation and compilation results in large computation overhead and dependence on direct availability of a compiler. To manage affine gaps  , OASIS and S-W must expand three dynamic programming matrices. The multiattribute knapsack problem has been extensively studied in the literature e.g. Equation 1 gives the recurrence relation for extending the LCS length for each prefix pair Computed LCS lengths are stored in a matrix and are used later in finding the LCS length for longer prefixes – dynamic programming. Without the congregation property  , the best known technique for maximizing the breach probability is the dynamic-programming technique developed in 14. In modern dynamic programming optimizers Loh88  , HKWY97   , this corresponds to adding one rule to each of those phases. In this section  , we study symmetric settings  , and show that we can identify the optimal marketing strategy based on a simple dynamic programming approach. Modeling has nothing to do with instructing a computer  , it simply denotes the static and dynamic properties of the future program  , and it allows the engineers to reason about them. The Starburst optimizer also has a greedy join enumerator that can generate left-deep  , right-deep and bushy execution trees. Optimizers based on dynamic programming typically compute a single cost value for each subplan that is based on resource consumption. Through experiment& tion  , we found that 2 alternatives sufficed and that 3 or more alternatives offered virtually no improvement. Garlic's optimizer employs dynamic programming in order to find the best plan with reasonable effort S+79. Those nodes N  whose subtrees use a nearly optimal partitioning are stored in the dynamic programming table as field nearlyopt. Therefore  , in these experiments we tested the improved heuristic computation using euclidean distance. The idea of dynamic programming has been used in find the optimal path of a vehicle on a terrain by including the consideration of forhidden region and the slope. Along a slightly different line of research  , Lynch addresses the problem of planning pushing paths 13. Side constraints such as fuel limits or specific time-of-arrival may be placed on the FOM calculation. In many previous works on segmentation  , dynamic programming is a technique used to maximize the objective function. The Map class supports dynamic programming in the Volcano-Mapper  , for instance  because goals are only solved once and the solution physical plan stored. The warping path is defined as a sequence of matrix elements  , representing the optimal alignment for the two sequences. For our two-state model  , we are interested in the transitioning behavior of the machine. The details regarding the ARX programming environment are explained in the Appendix. Optimization approaches include branch-and-bound and dynamic programming methods e.g. In dynamic environments  , autonomous robot systems have to plan robot motions on-line  , depending on sensor information. It uses dynamic programming in order to bring the global and local route planning together. Typical cost functions are: traversibility  , fuel limits  , travel time  , weather conditions etc. We propose in the following paragraph some heuristic methods which allow us to find trajectories that permit to identify parameters in the case of a one arm planar robot. Based on this  , free space for driving can be computed using dynamic programming. If K  , N  , T assume realistic values  , though  , the exact solution of BP may become rather cumbersome or infeasible in practice. In the current state of knowledge   , the single-vehicle dial-a-ride problems can rarely be achieved to optimization when the number of tasks is more than 40. There are 105 stages for this problem  , and the dynamic programming computations took about 20 seconds on a SPARC 20 workstation. The procedure uses the individual energy consumption values for each grid side. 5that the set of objective vectors generated by the modified dynamic programming approach agree well with the Pareto optimal set and  , more importantly  , captures its non connectivity. Simulations showed correlation between simulated muscle activation and EMG patters found in gait. A* is efficient because it continues those trajectories that appear to have the smallest total cost. This implementation uses purely local comparisons for maximal efficiency  , and no global adjustments such as dynamic programming or graph cuts are used. Section 5 shows some experiment results and we made our conclusion in Section 6. We then use a dynamic programming heuristic to get an approximate solution to this problem. This way  , we find a cluster of a particular size that is composed solely from whiskers. The large majority of users cannot—and do not want to— be engaged in any kind of " programming " other than simple scripting. It sets the backlight level according to the schedule computed by the Dynamic Programming Module. Before rendering each frame with backlight scaling  , the rendering module also performs luminance compensation for every pixel of the frame. Finding an optimal solution to this problem can be accomplished by dynamic programming. Achieving such a re-arrangement of attributes was found to be possible  , using dynamic programming. This would make the thresholding method closer to traditional beam thresholding. For implementations on a larger scale one may use external memory sorting with the two vector dynamic programming variant. Not all applications provide this feature  , although Such explicit reflective programming  , in which the system manipulates a dynamic representation of its own user interface  , is difficult to capture in a static query. Item 3 in Definition 1 is meant to address dynamic dispatching in object-oriented programming. Object introspection allows one to construct applications that are more dynamic  , and provides avenues for integration of diverse applications. Formally  , software evolution is defined as " …the dynamic behavior of programming systems as they are maintained and enhanced over their life times " 3. However  , we improved upon this result in our XSEarch implementation by using dynamic programming. We say that nodes n and n are strongly-interconnected if they are interconnected and are also labeled differently . For regions where there are more two non-leaf nodes  , we resort back to dynamic programming . Optimal bucket boundary can be reported by additional bookkeeping  , Lines 8–15 are the dynamic programming part: We compute OP T j  , b according to the recurrence equation Equation 3. The spotting recognition method 7  based on continuous dynamic programming carries out both segmentation and recognition simultaneously using the position data. Gesture recognition in complex environments cannot be perfect. Since RAP is known to be NP-hard4  , we take a dynamic programming approach that yields near optimal solutions. Note that although the target trajectory is quite long  , the distance traveled by the observer is short. A different approach  , based on stochastic dynamic programming  , was proposed in 6  , 51. This interface offers direct access to the rule manipulation primitives for allowing dynamic creation or modification of rules within an application. This experiment studied the performance of the IDP optimizer that is based on dynamic programming. As we shall show experimentally in the Section 5  , DTW can significantly outperform Euclidean distance on real datasets. After applying the substitution of Mj ,i  , a summary is hence generated within this iteration and the timeline is created by choosing a path in matrix M |H|×|T | . PSub pp 0 denotes the probability that the recognizer substitutes a phoneme p with p 0 . Therefore  , there is no way to model actions that reduce uncertainty. In this section we will set the above optimal control problem in a standard framework such that dynamic programming can be used to approximate the solution. Dynamic programming efficiently solves for a K for each possible θ   , i.e. Such methods are for example : Differential Dynamic Programming technique I  , or multiple shooting technique 2. allows the planning of time-optimal trajectories using phase plane shooting methods or by dynamic programming . The number of segments and their end points can now be determined efficiently using dynamic programming. An early approach applied dynamic programming to do early recognition of human gestures 16 . We are currently studying methods by which we can improve the RS programming language. We assume that the robot can discriminate the set  the reward distribution  , we can solve the optimal policy   , using methods from dynamic programming 19. If the grid is fine enough to get useful  , the computation and storage required even for small problems quickly gets out of hand due to the " curse of dimensionality. " Therefore  , we modify the standard dynamic programming to handle real-valued matching similarity. Fortunately problem 3 is in a form suitable for induction with dynamic programming . These routes are then translated into plans represented symbolically as ' discussed in Section 6. In the context of dynamic programming  , a similar problem on machine replacement has been discussed by Bertsekas 15. The graph expands according to a dynamic programming procedure  , starting from nodes that correspond to the initial states  , and until a goal state is reached. For arbitrary rooted trees  , one can use an inner dynamic programming in a similar way as in Section 2. To avoid multiple assignments of single switch events to different FSMs  , the optimisation has to be repeated until all of them are sol- ved. Unfortunately  , as we show below  , such ideas are unlikely to help us efficiently find discords. Systems that support dynamic extension generally consist of a base application and an extension programming language in which extensions to the base can be written. These features are then used in 24 to implement a transformational framework that  , starting from a dedicated programming language  , produces XML data for model checking as well as executable artifacts for testing.  In order to deal with dynamic cases where trajectories are updated incrementally  , we derive another cost model that estimates an optimal length for segments when " incrementally " splitting a trajectory. Such explicit reflective programming  , in which the system manipulates a dynamic representation of its own user interface  , is difficult to capture in a static query. For histograms the interface would be the boundary bucket which contains the partition; for wavelets this would be the interaction with the sibling. In this paper we present a new and unique approach to dynamic sensing strategies. This march towards dynamic web content has improved the web's utility and the experience of web users  , but it has also led to more complexity in programming web applications. Notice that  , different from the standard edit distance  , the Similar to the computation of the edit distance and the dynamic time warping  , the summed Fréchet distance can be expressed as a recurrence in a straight-forward manner which allows a dynamic programming solution that runs in OM N  time. Hence  , the proposed dynamic programming model can be transferred to different dynamic sensor selection problems without major changes. We therefore approach the problem using dynamic programming  , with the vectors a as the states of the dynamic program. An autonomous robot can be considered as a physical device which performs a task in a dynamic and unknown environment without any external help. In addition  , the hybrid approach may find sub-optimal solutions for dynamic vehicle routing problems of any size. Similar to the computation of the edit distance and the dynamic time warping  , the summed Fréchet distance can be expressed as a recurrence in a straight-forward manner which allows a dynamic programming solution that runs in OM N  time. In the previous section we have given exact expressions for the value of the dynamic programming problem and the optimal bidding strategy that should be followed under this dynamic programming problem. The situation today is that the modeling facilities of most programming and simulation systems are not capable of describing either the full dynamic behaviour of the total robot system nor the use of external sensor feed-back in the generation of control data. Many extension mechanisms require extensions The relationship among the EI components  , the to be written by programming the user interprogram components  , and the user interface is the face; such extensions consist of files containing key to the effective utilization of dynamic extension. Unfortunately  , it is difficult to provide even limited programming capabilities to developers without exposing them to the full complexity of these Turing-complete languages and their associated data models e.g. In conclusion there is a need for a programming and simulation system for robot driven workcells that illustrates the true real-time behaviour of the total robot system. As a component of a long term project minifactory'  5   which is focused on the development of modular robotic components and tools to support the rapid deployment and programming of high-precision assembly systems  , the work presented here targets the most  basic levels of a modular control and coordination architecture which is central to the larger project. Although the approach is not limited to a particular 00 language  , to illustrate results on real software developed with a widely used programming language  , this paper is focused on C++· All 00 features are considered: pointers to objects  , dynamic object allocation  , single and multiple inheritance  , recursive data structures  , recursive methods  , virtual functions  , dynamic binding and pointers to methods. This can be compared to a type-cast in strongly typed object-oriented programming languages where an object's dynamic type must be compatible to the static casted type which can only be determined at runtime. These functionalities are known as the basis for Ajax-style programming 12 and are widely available in popular browser implementations such as Mozilla Firefox  , Microsoft Internet Explorer  , Opera  , Apple Safari  , and Google Chrome. First we derive the total social value that arises in a particular period when a new ad makes a particular bid. For instance  , dynamic scripting languages such as Ruby and Python are candidates  , since their high-level nature is similar to PHP in using a lazy string implementation that is transparent to application programs. Our problem  , and corresponding dynamic programming table  , is thus two-dimensional. At the same time  , we needed a language supporting both static and dynamic typing  , to reduce the differences between the experimental treatments. In contrast  , dynamic techniques tend to be more practical in terms of applicability to arbitrary programs and often seem to provide useful information despite their inherent unsoundness. There is a number of environments supporting aspects explored by our spontaneous software approach  , like programming languages supporting code on demand and content delivery and software distribution systems allowing dynamic distribution and updating of digital resources. In practice  , instead of segmenting text into n parts directly   , usually hierarchical segmentation of text is utilized and at each level a text string is segmented into two parts. This was followed by factoring classes out  , with an average reduction by 33.4%  , and finally dead-markup removal with an average reduction by 12.2%. We developed techniques to improve the HTML aspects identified  , including the removal of whitespace and proprietary attributes  , dead-markup removal  , the use of header style classes and dynamic programming. 4. structural inheritance: by itself  , the lack of structural inheritance in RDFS does not form a problem for an object-oriented mapping. Among the advantages of these languages is the dynamic typing of objects  , which maps well onto the RDFS class membership  , meta-programming  , which allows us to implement the multi-inheritance of RDFS  , and a relaxation of strict object conformance to class definitions. ActiveRDF is light-weight and implemented in around 600 lines of code. However  , it is also interesting to observe the behavior of our dynamic programming based method for low and high range of penalties. Caching has long been studied and recognized as an effective way to improve performance in a variety of environments and at all levels of abstraction  , including operating system kernels  , file systems  , memory subsystems  , databases  , interpreted programming languages  , and server daemons. Thus  , our hybrid auctions are flexible enough to allow the auctioneer and the advertiser to implement complex dynamic programming strategies collaboratively  , under a wide range of scenarios. Neither per-impression nor perclick bidding can exhaustively mimic the bidding index in these natural scenarios. Like FarGo  , the above systems do support mobility  , but in a model that tightly couples movement operations to the application's logic. In essence  , a Server page contains a combination of HTML and programming language scripts  , and the web server uses it to generate web pages at runtime. Thus  , we " discretize " the error in steps of K for some suitable choice of K  , and apply the dynamic programming above for integral error metrics with appropriate rounding to the next multiple of R; the details are omitted. Second  , we develop a new dynamic programming based approach for finding all occurrences of a subsequence within a single sequence and by extension within a database of sequences. First  , our sequences are much more compact than their extended signatures because of firstFollowing and firstAncestor nodes. In summary  , we leverage a dynamic programming based approach instead of a traditional index-based approach for finding the set of all subsequence matches. Volcano uses a non-interleaved strategy with a transformation-based enumerator. In this respect  , our optimizing technique is similar to the very well-known' dynamic programming approach of SAC+791 which orders joins starting from the entire scan-operations-as we do. First  , single collection access plans are generated  , followed by a phase in which 2-way join plans are considered  , followed by 3-way joins  , etc. We can then rewrite the dynamic programming formulations in terms of these lists of nodes. A dynamic programming approach which is similar to the classical system R optimizer 10 can be used to construct the query plan from small strongly connected sub-graphs. In this paper we have proposed to use the traditional architecture for query optimization wherein a large execution space is searched using dynamic programming strategy for the least cost execution based on a cost model. As rather conventional data structures are provided to program these functions no " trick programming " is required and as dynamic storage allocation and de-allocation is done via dedicated allocation routines /KKLW87/  , this risk seems to be tolerable. We believe ours is the first solution based on traditional dynamic-programming techniques. First  , the language constructs presented in section 2 map a portal into a buffer which is a static l-dimensional array. We employ the dynamic programming approach to check for patterns of equally spaced strong and weak beats among the detected onsets and compute both inter-beat length and the smallest note length. Lin and Kumar 9 and Walrand 15 consider an W 2 system with heterogeneous machines  , using dynamic programming or probabilistic arguments to prove that the optimal policy is of the threshold type. We have illustrated that the same global minimum to the variational problem 3-5 can be retrieved using a dynamic programming approach. As an example  , we use the RP assembler in combination with the C programming language to fully utilize RP's vector capabilities in writing inverse kinematic and inverse dynamic computations. There are many ways to find optimal trajectories  , including using Pontryagin's Minimum PrinciplelS  , gradient descent9  , dynamic programming  , and direct search. Figure 6shows the path that has been used as the initial guess and the final path computed using our planner for one sample environment Env-1 in Table II. A new approach for a mobile robot to explore and navigate in an indoor environment that combines local control via cost associated to cells in the travel space with a global exploration strategy using a dynamic programming technique has been described. If we are given a world model defined by the transition probabilities and the reward function Rs ,a we can compute an optimal deterministic stationary policy using techniques from dynamic programming e.g. Inter-robot communication allows to exchange various information  , positions  , current status  , future actions   , etc 3  , 16  , 151 and to devise effective cooperation schemes. In principle  , a dynamic programming approach can be taken to determine optimal strategies for the partially-predictable case; however  , even for a simple planar problem the state space is fourdimensional . Because the feature functions are only relied on local dependencies  , it enables the efficient search of top-K corrections via Dynamic Programming . The distance computation can be performed via dynamic programming in time O|x||y|. We answer this question quantitatively in Section 6. However  , the key issue is doing this efficiently for practical cases. This optimization is performed first by noticing that the exponential loss En+m writes: The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. Stack Search Maximizing Eq. The window provides us with a safety frame that guides the search in a promising direction. iv The large volume of ESI needed to be handled has also been known to lead to suboptimal performance with traditional IR solutions that may need to search hundreds or thousands of individual search indexes when performing an investigative search. 1 also indicate an exponential increase in the number of web services over the last three years. We tackle i using heuristic search -a well known technique for dealing with combinatorial search spaces. an exhaustive search is not practical for high number of input attributes. The search technique needs to be combined with an estimator that can quantify the predictive ability of a subset of attributes. As with any program synthesis technique which fundamentally involve search over exponential spaces  , the cost of our technique is also worst case exponential in the size of the DSL. In our experiment  , the search workload under the fixed workload scheme is set to be 2500 50 generations with 50 individuals in each generation  and is stipulated by workload function w = ϕ 2 in The time complexity may now become exponential with respect to ϕ as long as the workload function is an exponential function w.r.t ϕ. As in relational databases  , where the problem of large search space is mainly caused by join series  , in OODBMS the search space of a query is exponential according to the length of path expressions. The RAND-WALK agent impkments a completely randomized search strategy  , which has been shown to have a search complexity that is exponential in the number of state-action pairs in the system 2  , lo. With the exponential growth of information on the Web  , search engine has become an indispensable tool for Web users to seek their desired information. However  , it is never Copyright is held by the International World Wide Web Conference Committee IW3C2. However  , the problem of finding optimal plans remains a difficult one. For example  , our Mergesort branch policy still leaves an exponential search for worst-case executions. As we hypothesized  , the rate parameter of the exponential in Eq. A query task classification system was also employed  , based on 32 words indicative of home page search such as 'home' or 'homepage'. Watchpoint descriptions begin with a list of module names. These search based methods work only for low-dimensional systems because their time/space complexity is exponential in the dimension of the explored set. For a given sample data set  , the number of possible model structures which may fit the data is exponential in the number of variables ' . In our experience of applying Pex on real-world code bases  , we identify that Pex cannot explore the entire program due to exponential path-exploration space. Existing DSE tools alleviate path explosion using search strategies and heuristics that guide the search toward interesting paths while pruning the search space. We also embedded the collision detection method within a search routine to generate collision-free paths. Practically  , it is impossible to search all subgraphs that appear in the database. This reduces the computational complexity from 0  2 ~  to oN~ or from exponential computational time to polynomial computational time  121. Frequent closed itemsets search space is exponential to |I| i.e. To solve the problems optimally  , it requires an exponential search. Since the space is exponential in the number of attributes   , heuristic search techniques can be used. Zweig and Chang 43 found that the use of Model M exponential n-gram language model with personalization features improved the speech recognition performance on Bing voice search. The current Web is largely document-centric hypertext. Unlike the univariate approach  , the tuning of covariance matrix Q has an exponential search space  , since we need to simultaneously set all diagonal elements. 26 introduces a way to empirically search for an exponential model for the documents. the size of the search space increases in a strong exponential manner as the number of input attributes grows  141  , i.e. These conditions are easily checked  , but the exponential number of partitions m must be fairly large to allow decryption renders ex- haustive search impossible. In the worst case  , the search for all possible alliances in order to not miss any solution to the original problem reintroduces exponential complexity. The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. When dealing with a human figure  , the notion of naturalness will come into consideration. Finding locally optimal solutions in this respect would be a logical approach and is the subject of current research. With about 32 degree of freedom DOfs to be determined for each frame  , there is the potential of exponential compl exity evaluating such a high dimensional search space. Theoretically  , the number of paths is exponential in the user-assigned search depth. Further advances in compositional techniques 26  , pruning redundant paths 7  , and heuristics search 9 ,40 are needed. Using an exponential distribution to accomplish a blending of time and language model Eq. From Table 1  , we can see that the search space for optimizing a path expression is exponential to the path length. The heuristic-search has the exponential computational complexity at the worst case. Because of the size of the graph  , this requires exponential time to solve using standard graph search techniques. However  , Grimson lo has shown that in the gencpal case  , where spurious m e a surements can arise  , the amount of search needed to find the hest interpretation is still exponential. A distributed e-library is perhaps best explained as a huge  , global database  , where search engines or directory services act as the indexes to information see  , Figure 11. To tame this exponential growth  , we use a beam search heuristic: in each iteration  , we save only the best β number of ungrounded rules and pass them to the next iteration. However  , for most practical problems  , solutions are easier to find and such search is not neces- sary. The organization of this paper is described as follows . Even though this bmte-force approach  , unlike the other work mentioned above  , guarantees optimality and completeness  , it k n o t practical for larger scale problems because of its computational complexity  , which is exponential in the number of moving droplets. As each evaluated state in the search requires execution of a collision detection method  , an efficient method will effectively reduce the magnitude of the base of the exponential relationship  , significantly improving the time performance of the search. This is especially important  , since the search space is exponential and the number of MDS patterns present in the data may also be very large. Due to its exponential complexity  , exhaustive search is only feasible for very simple queries and is implemented in few research DBMSs  , mainly for performance comparison purposes. Despite the exponential growth of Web content  , we believe the relevance of content returned by search engines will improve as query options will become more flexible. If the query optimizer can immediately find the profitable nary operators to apply on a number of collections  , the search space will be largely reduced since those collections linked by the nary operator can be considered as one single collection. An exhaustive search method that evaluates all the possible  i 0 values can require a total of r n combinations which is exponential with n and can require a large amount of calculation time. As the exponential growth of web pages and online documents continues  , there is an increasing need for retrieval systems that are capable of dealing with a large collection of documents and at the same time narrowing the scope of the search results not only relevant documents but also relevant passages or even direct answers. They adjust an exponential discount model to the expected quality of a search experience  , based on the session information. In modern query optimizer architectures FV94  , FG94  , different components are driven by different search strategies; thus  , it would be useful to have a special combination of strategies for optimizing path expressions . Early signs of such trends are visible with Google and Microsoft providing Twitter based search results for real-time events  , and exponential growth of tools like Yelp and Foursquare. The restricted search space has still an exponential size with respect to dimensionality  , which makes enumeration impossible for higher dimensionalities. In section 4 we show that for common scenarios there is significant benefit to nevertheless search for the best cost minimal reformulation. Unfortunately  , it is well known that the generation of the reachability tree takes exponential time for the general case. They use this model to generate a set of weights for terms from past queries  , terms from intermediate ranked lists and terms from clicked documents  , yielding an alternative representation of the last query in a session. If the moving direction keeps the same in the iterations  , the step increases faster than an exponential function and is given by iteration the search span at the moving direction  , a is the Fig. The approach to searching these huge spaces has been to apply heuristics to effectively reduce the extent of the space. Understandably  , model refinement implies exponential enhancement in the search space where the solution should be found. A simple chemical data set of 300 molecules can require many hours to mine when the user specifies a low support threshold. This occurs because a worst-case Mergesort execution must alternate between the two sides of a critical conditional  , but our generator can only capture that worst-case paths are always permitted to take either branch. This suggests that using the m most recent queries as the the search context for generating recommendations will likely introduce off-topic information  , causing recommendations that seem out of place. For taking the rank into consideration  , an exponential decay function with half-life α = 7 is proposed by Ziegler et al. Even then  , the exhaustive search is lirmted in the range and resolution of the weights considered  , and often has to be approximated by either gradient-descent or decomposmon techniques. The complexity of the planner is exponential on the number of joints  , and is of the order of Mn2nu   , where A4 is the discretization of the rectangular grid. A major challenge in substructure mining is that the search space is exponential with respect to the data set  , forcing runtimes to be quite long. To find out the best model structure from this huge space  , an efficient search strategy is highly demanded. Heuristic search aspires to solve this problem efficiently by utilizing background knowledge encoded in a heuristic function. After fitting a combination of exponential and Weibull models to their data  , they report that roughly 10% of inter-modification intervals are 10 days or less and roughly 72% are 100 days or less. To put this into perspective  , even for the simple snowflake example with 12 nodes  , the size of the lattice is 1024 and the size of the game tree is 1024 factorial the amount of time required to search the game tree  , an astronomically large number. In order to prevent this exponential increase of the planning time for queries with many patterns  , we use a greedy query optimizer when the number of patterns in the query is greater than a fixed number. Then the document scores and their new ranks are transformed using exponential function and logarithmic function respectively. In order to deal with configuration similarity under limited time  , Papadias et al. In Section 5 we present a technique based on analyzing the properties of ideal queries  , and using those observations to prune the option search space. In this work  , we take advantage of the advancement in speech recognition  , to explore a high-quality transcribed query log  , but do not delve into speech recognition aspects. Specifically  , it was shown empirically that the score distributions on a per query basis may be fitted using an exponential distribution for the set of non-relevant documents and a normal distribution for the set of relevant documents. In order to avoid this situation  , most researchers 1623 focus on a special case where all images/frames contain exactly the same set of labeled objects. Along the line of similar studies  , the statistics suggest an exponential growth of pages on the WWW. In general  , in the worst case we would need to look at all possible subsets of triples an exponential search space even for the simplest queries. OPTIMIZED uses memoization to avoid this exponential explosion: it never expands a rule more than once per query. During the past decade colleges and universities have witnessed an exponential growth in digital information available for teaching and learning. The only approach that could be employed is systematic search  17 18  , which due to the worst case exponential cost is not guaranteed to terminate within reasonable time. We first show that the score distributions for a given query may be modeled using an exponential distribution for the set of non-relevant documents and a normal distribution for the set of relevant documents. In these conditions   , the interpretation tree approach seems impracticable except for very small maps. However  , the discretized equations of motion can be formulated in such way that most of the operations can be precomputed. With a case-base on the order of ten cases  , we were able to solve a set of ASG tasks which otherwise require exponential time because of the spatial properties involved. Figure 3shows the scalability of All-Significant-Pairs and LiveSet-Driven with respect to various gradient thresholds . This is a very important issue since if the rules were applied in an unordered and exhaustive manner there would be the problem of exponential explosion of the search space. By making objects a part of the domain model  , SPPL planner avoids unnecessary grounding and symmetries  , and the search space is reduced by an exponential factor as a result. The occurrence of sub-itemsets in the search space is a threat when answer completeness is required. sheet approach all require user examination to discard unintended mappings 8  with extra effort devoted to search for mappings not automatically generated missed mappings. Allowing disconnected sub-ensembles would imply an exponential search through all subsets of the total ensemble  , and distributing information between the members of these subsets would require significant multi-hop messaging. T Query arrival rate described by an exponential distribution with mean 1/λ  , T = λ. ts Seek plus latency access time  , ms/postings list  , ts = 4 throughout. To allow larger distances to increase backtracking capability and avoid the exponential explosion  , a maximum number of markings is allowed at each level. The second challenge is that the MDS's frequency threshold cannot be set as high as it is in frequent subsequence mining. The straightforward exhaustive search is apparently infeasible to this problem  , especially for highdimensional datasets. The perplexity of tweet d is given by the exponential of the log likelihood normalized by the number of words in a tweet. In contrast  , the proposed approach in this paper leverages the exponential character of the probabilistic quadtree to dramatically reduce the state space  , which also benefits the Fig. In this section  , we show how to normalize a tRDF database — later  , in Section 6  , we will show experimentally that normalization plays a big part in evaluating queries efficiently at the expense of a small increase in the storage space. Our analytical model has these features:  Pages have finite lifetime following an exponential distribution Section 5.1. If the size of d is p the number of alternatives then after n steps there are pn possible target configurations  , so the search space is exponential. Although abstract action models capture the world dynamics compactly  , using them for planning is challenging: the state space in relational domains is exponential in the number of objects  , the search space of action sequences is huge  , and reasoning about actions is aggravated by the their stochasticity. The key feature of the prophet graph  , is that we can use it to compute the solution to the query without having to refer to the original graph G. Though PRO-HEAPS still has exponential computational complexity in the worst case  , in practice it is able to execute queries in real time as shown in our Section 4. The ontology building experience in my Grid suggests the need of automated tools that support the ontology curator in his work  , especially now with the exponential increase of the number of bioinformatics services. Because NDCG focuses on ranking for top pairs  , it is extensively used to measure and compare the performances of rankers or search engines. Our approach differs in three ways: our method for finding the internal grasp force can be carried on efficiently during the computation of the robot dynamics 9; we use a penalty-based optimization rather than a potentially exponential search; and we deal directly with the frictional constraints  , which requires knowing or estimating only the coefficient of kinetic friction between the fin ers and the grasped object. 0 Motion prediction. Several variants coexists; among them the Fourier Transform for discrete signals and the Fast Fourier Transform which is also for discrete signals but has a complexity of On · ln n instead of On 2  for the discrete Fourier Transform. This can be calculated in JavaScript. The Fourier coefficients are used as features for the classification. By applying the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT to the ZMP reference   , the ZMP equations can be solved in frequency domain. These feature vectors are used to train a SOM of music segments. Fast Fourier Transform FFT has been applied to get the Fourier transform for each short period of time. Most data visualizations  , or other uses of audio data begin by calculating a discrete Fourier transform by means of a Fast Fourier Transform. This section describes an important when there is an acceleration or deceleration  , the amplitude is greater than a threshold. The Fourier spectrum is normalized by the DC component  , i.e. We modeled FFTs in two steps which are considered separately by the database. In 10 the authors use the Fast Fourier Transform to solve the problem of pattern similarity search. 4shows the beating heart motion along z axis with its interpolation function and the frequency spectrum calculated from off-line fast fourier transform. The Fourier spectrum calculation is proportional to the square of the voltage input signal. First one  , we transform the data into Frequency domain utilizing the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , obtain the derivative using the Fourier spectral method  , and perform inverse FFT to find the derivative in real time domain. This is followed by a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT across the segments for a selected set of frequency spectra to obtain Fourier coefficients modeling the dynamics. The Servo thread is an interrupt service routine ISR which The windows are grouped in two sections: operator windows green softkeys and expert windows blue softkeys. Second one  , numerically calculate the derivative using the finite difference method. Since the temporal data from 'gentle interaction' trials were made of many blobs  , while temporal data from 'strong interaction' trials were mainly made of peaks  , we decided to focus on the Fourier spectrum also called frequency spectrum  which a would express these differences: for gentle interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for lower frequencies while for strong interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for higher frequencies. A fast-Fourier transform was performed on this signal in order to analyze the frequencies involved and the results can be seen in figure 12. The use of the fast Fourier transform and the necessity to iterate to obtain the required solution preclude this method from being used in real time control. Periodically  , the fast Fourier transform FFT yields a signal spectrum: But the bcst way is to determine TI and T2 directly in DSP from input data array xn. The impulse was effected by tapping on the finger with a light and stiff object. The first method is to take the fast Fourier transform FFT of the impulse response for Table 2: Characteristic frequencies for link 2 a given impulse command. Fast Fourier Transform. Each segment  , the entire interval when the sensor is in contact with the object  , is transferred to the frequency domain using Fast Fourier Transform. Since it is hard to pick up the signals during contact phase  , we cannot use the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT technique which converts the signal from time-domain to frequencydomain . As na¨ıvena¨ıve implementations that evaluate the KDE at every input point individually can be inefficient on large datasets  , implementations based on Fast Fourier Transformation FFT have been proposed. To ensure the FFT functioned appropriately  , the data was limited to a range which covered only an integer number of cycles. 1for an example spectrogram. Then the inverse FFT returns the resulted CoM trajectory into time domain. A Fast Fourier Transform FFT based method WiaS employed to compute the robot's C-space. In this method th'e C-space is respresented as the convolution of the robot and workspace bitmaps 19. We identify this noise elements by high frequency and low-power spectrum in the frequenc domain transformed by the fast Fourier transform YFFT. The signal detection operates on a power signal; a Fast Fourier Transform FFT is being done which trans­ forms the signal in time domain into frequency domain. We assume that the torque sensor output is composed of various harmonic waves whose frequencies are unknown. Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. It is often easier to recognize patterns in an audio signal when samples are converted to a frequency domain spectrogram using the Fast Fourier Transform FFT 3  , see Fig. The vibration modes of the flexible beam are identified by the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , and illustrated in Fig. For example  , our Space Physics application 14 requires the FFT Fast Fourier Transform to be applied on large vector windows and we use OS-Split and OS- Join to implement an FFT-specific stream partitioning strategy. The Discrete Cosine Transform DCT is a real valued version of Fast Fourier Transform FFT and transforms time domain signals into coefficients of frequency component. By exploiting a characteristic that high frequency components are generally less important than low frequency components  , DCT is widely used for data compression like JPEG or MPEG. Figure 2shows the impulse expressed as a change in the wavelength of light reflected by an FBG cell and its fast Fourier transform FFT. In an early attempt  , Anuta l  used cross-correlation to search for corresponding features between registered images; later he introduced the idea of using fast Fourier transform. Similar attempts   , using the sum of absolute differences  , were also reported in the early stages of research on this topic. The statistic behaviors for each indicator were determined computing the mean and standard deviation. The one-dimensional Fast Fourier Transform is then applied to this array. Step 2: Since the primary task is to maintain visibility of the target  , the acceptable observer locations are marked. After removing this noise data from the data  , the remaining elements are transformed into the time domain by using the inverse FFT. The resulting frequency spectra are plotted for pitch and roll in Fig. These features are usually generated based on mel-frequency cepstral coefficients MFCCs 7 by applying Fast Fourier transforms to the signal. The sharp pixel proportion is the fraction of all pixels that are sharp. To obtain features  , we calculated the power of the segment of 1 second following the term onset using the fast Fourier transform and applying log-transformation to normalize the signal. However  , it can still be used in open-loop control and other closed-loop control strategies. In 8  , it is shown that the Fast Fourier Transform can be used to efficiently obtain a C-space representation from the static obs1 ,acles and robot geornetry. To better understand the nature of the VelociRoACH oscillations as a function of the stride frequency  , we used Python 3 to compute the fast Fourier transform of each run  , first passed through a Hann window  , and then averaged across repeated trials. Used features. The twenty-tree indicators are : 2 indicators of instant energy  , 3 obtained by fast Fourier transform FFT  , 16 from the computation of mean power frequency MPF and  , others resulting from the energy spectrum of each component derived from the wavelet decomposition of the normalized EMG. The photographs are transformed from spatial domain to frequency domain by a Fast Fourier Transform  , and the pixels whose values surpass a threshold are considered as sharp pixels we use a threshold value of 2  , following 4. The used features are Root Mean Square RMS computed on time domain; Pitch computed using Fast Fourier Transform frequency domain; Pitch computed using Haar Discrete Wavelet Transform timefrequency domain; Flux frequency domain; RollOff frequency domain; Centroid frequency domain; Zero-crossing rate ZCR time domain. They use the Discrete Fourier Transform DFT to map a time sequence to the frequency domain  , drop all but the first few frequencies  , and then use the remaining ones to index the sequence using a R*-tree 3 structure. We conduct CLIR experiments using the TREC 6 CLIR dataset described in Section 5.1. Xu and Weischedel 19 estimated an upper bound on CLIR performance. Probabilistic CLIR. We chose probabilistic structured queries PSQ as our CLIR baseline because among vector space techniques for CLIR it presently yields the best retrieval effectiveness. It does not occur in an operational CLIR setting. The simpler MoIR models may be directly derived from the more general CLIR setting. Section 7 and 8 compare our system with structural query translation and MTbased CLIR. For commercial reasons  , we have developed technology for English  , Japanese  , and Chinese CLIR. We ran CLIR and computed MAP at different Cumulative Probability Thresholds CPT. Retrieval results show that their impact on CLIR is very small. Table 4shows a comparison of the recall precision values for the English-Chinese CLIR experimental results. Despite the big differences between the two language pairs  , our experiments on English- Chinese CLIR consistently confirmed these findings  , showing the proposed cross-language meaning matching technique is not only effective  , but also robust. In this paper we report results of an experimental investigation into English-Japanese CLIR. We propose an approach to estimate the translation probability of a query term according to its effect on CLIR. While most existing studies have concentrated on CLIR between English and one or more European languages  , there is a need to develop methods for CLIR between European and Asian languages . To perform such benchmark  , we use the documents of TREC6 CLIR data AP88-90 newswire  , 750MB with officially provided 25 short French-English queries pairs CL1-CL25. The actual CLIR research seeks to answer the question how fuzzy translation should be applied in an automatic CLIR query formulation and interactive CLIR to achieve the best possible retrieval performance. Both CLIR and CLTC are based on some computation of the similarity between texts  , comparing documents with queries or class profiles. The main difficulties for CLIR are the disambiguation of the query term in the source and target language and the identification of the query language. Next we examined transitive retrieval to gauge its impact on notranslation CLIR. Based on this fundamental idea of CLIR  , we can define a corresponding Mixed-script IR MSIR setup as follows. What is shown at each point in the figure is the monolingual percentage of the CLIR MAP. The resulting good performance of CLIR corresponds to the high quality of the suggested queries. In the other experiments  , the English queries are translated into French and French queries are translated into English using various tools: 2. Since monolingual retrieval is a special case of CLIR  , where the query terms and document terms happen to be of the same language e.g. Nonetheless  , the results suggest that a simple dictionary-based approach can be as effective as a sophisticated MT system for CLIR. In order to analyze how good our query translation approach for CLIR  , we display in Fig. We performed three official automatic CLIR runs and 29 post-hoc automatic CLIR runs. Overall  , English-French CLIR was very effective  , achieving at least 90% of monolingual MAP when translation alternatives with very low probability were excluded. This is also one of very few recent studies to empirically explore the value of multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies for CLIR. Such effectiveness is consistent across different translation approaches as well as benchmarks. Paradoxically  , technical terms and names are not generally found in electronic translation dictionaries utilised by MT and CLIR systems. In dictionary-based CLIR queries are translated into the language of documents through electronic dictionaries. In each case  , we formed title+description queries in the same manner as for the automatic monolingual run. Our most relevant work 10  presented a method to predict the performance of CLIR according to translation quality and ease of queries. The reader is referred to the technical report by Oard and Dorr for an excellent review of the CLIR literature 18. Moreover we investigate how a controlled vocabulary can be used to conduct free-text based CLIR. For English-Chinese CLIR  , we accumulated search topics from TREC-5 and TREC-6  , which used the same Chinese document collection. The effectiveness of the various query translation methods for CLIR was then investigated. Most present CLIR methods fall into three categories: dictionary-based  , MT-based and corpus-based methods 1 . CLIR is characterized by differences in query and document language 3. Table 5shows that probabilistic CLIR using our system outperforms the three runs using SYSTRAN  , but the improvement over the combined MT run is very small. RUN1: To provide a baseline for our CLIR results  , we used BableFish to " manually " translate each Chinese query. Applications for alignments other than CLIR  , such as automatic dictionary extraction  , thesaurus generation and others  , are possible for the future. Multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies   , however  , are an underrepresented class of CLIR resources. Our approach to CLIR in MEDLINE is to exploit the UMLS Metathesaurus and its multilingual components. Research in the area of CLIR has focused mainly on methods for query translation. However  , previous work showed that English- Chinese CLIR using simple dictionary translation yields a performance lower than 60% of the monolingual performance 14. Although the principle of using parallel texts in CLIR is similar  , the approaches used may be very different. Based on the observation that the CLIR performance heavily relies on the quality of the suggested queries  , this benchmark measures the quality of CLQS in terms of its effectiveness in helping CLIR. There might be two possible reasons. The multilingual information retrieval problem we tackle is therefore a generalization of CLIR. Section 2 introduces the statistical approach to CLIR. Table 6shows examples of queries transformed through both alternatives. cross-language performance is 87.94% of the monolingual performance. Similar as for MoIR  , the combined CLIR models are also compared. Based on the results of this study our future research will involve the identification of language pairs for which fuzzy translation is effective  , the improvement of the rules for example  , utilising rule co-occurrence information  , testing the effects of tuning a confidence factor by a specific language pair  , selecting the best TRT and fuzzy matching combination  , and testing how to apply fuzzy translation in actual CLIR research. The Ad Hoc task provides a useful opportunity for us to get new people familiar with the tools that we will be using in the CLIR track|this year we submitted a single oocial Ad Hoc run using Inquery 3.1p1 with the default settings. Because the commercial versions of the dictionaries were converted automatically to CLIR versions  , with no manual changes done to the dictionaries or the translations  , the performance level of the CLIR queries achieved in the study can be achieved in practice in an operational CLIR setting. The study used a structuring method  , in which those words that were derived from the same Finnish word were grouped into the same facet. Even though a common approach in CLIR is to perform query translation QT using a bilingual dictionary 32  , there were studies showing that combining both QT and document translation DT improved retrieval performance in CLIR by using bilingual representations in both the source and target language 28  , 19  , 7  , 4. Our experiments with an English-French test collection for which a large number of topics are available showed that CLIR using bidirectional translation knowledge together with statistical synonymy significantly outperformed CLIR in which only unidirectional translation knowledge was exploited  , achieving CLIR effectiveness comparable to monolingual effectiveness under similar conditions. The CLIR experiments reported in this section were performed using the TREC 2002 CLIR track collection  , which contains 383 ,872 articles from the Agence France Press AFP Arabic newswire  , 50 topic descriptions written in English  , and associated relevance judgments 12. Experiments for English and Dutch MoIR  , as well as for English-to-Dutch and Dutch-to-English CLIR using benchmarking CLEF 2001-2003 collections and queries demonstrate the utility of our novel MoIR and CLIR models based on word embeddings induced by the BWESG model. Section 5 presents the results  , Section 6 suggests future work  , and Section 7 concludes. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR refers to retrieval when the query and the database are in different languages. In this section  , we show the effectiveness of our approach for CLIR. The results are available in tab. 1997 found that their corpus-based CLIR queries performed almost as well as the monolingual baseline queries. Our approach is independent of stemmers  , part of speech taggers and parsers. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR remains a difficult task. Hence  , CLIR experiments were performed with different translations: i.e. Phrasal translation approach 17  , 11 was inspected for improving CLIR performance. However  , our approach is unique in several senses. This is importmt in a CLIR environment. Automatic phrase identification methods have been developed for CLIR environment Ballesteros & Croft  , 1997 . It also shows that monolingual performance is not necessarily the upper bound of CLIR performance. Moving from the global perspective to an individual level  , CLIR is useful  , for example  , for the people  , who are able to understand a foreign language  , but have difficulty in using it actively. The focus of this paper is on machine learning-based CLIR approaches and on metrics to measure orthogonality between these systems. Translation experiments and CLIR experiments are based on the CLEF topic titles C041-C200  , which are capitalized  , contain stopwords and full word forms. Technical terms and proper names constitute a major problem in dictionary-based CLIR  , since usually just the most commonly used technical terms and names are found in translation dictionaries. Direct comparison to techniques based on language modeling would be more difficult to interpret because vector space and language modeling handle issues such as smoothing and DF differently. In addition to the ambiguity problem  , each of the approaches to CLIR has drawbacks associated with the availability of resources. In this paper  , we look at CLIR from a statistical modelling perspective  , similarly to how the problems of part-of-speech tagging  , speech recognition  , and machine translation have been  , successfully  , approached. Dictionary based CLIR was explored by several groups including New Mexico State University 8  , University of Massachusetts l  , and the Xerox Research Center Europe ll. An overview of the technical issues involved in supporting CLIR within the European Library with a specific focus on user query translation can be found in Agosti1. It is certainly true that nonparticipants might have more difficulties in interpreting their results based on the small size of the CLIR pool  , as Twenty-One points out. In English-Chinese CLIR  , pre-translation query expansion means using a separate English collection for pretranslation retrieval in order to expand the English query with highly associated English terms. Our experiments of CLIR showed that the triple translation has a positive impact on the query translation  , and results in significant improvements of CLIR performance over the co-occurrence method. Finding translations in general dictionaries for CLIR encounters the problems of the translation of unknown queries -especially for short queries and the availability of up-to-date lexical resources. It has been suggested that CLIR can potentially utilize the multiple useful translations in a bilingual lexicon to improve retrieval performance Klavans and Hovy  , 1999. Section 3 then introduces our meaning matching model and explains how some previously known CLIR techniques can be viewed as restricted implementations of meaning matching . Research on CLIR has therefore focused on three main questions: 1 which terms should be translated ? Although not strictly an upper bound because of expansion effects  , it is quite common in CLIR evaluation to compare the effectiveness of a CLIR system with a monolingual baseline. More generally  , this research is motivated by the fact that  , relative to dictionaries and collection based strategies  , thesauri remain unexplored in the recent CLIR context. We investigate query translation based CLIR here. Even though precomputation can improve the efficiency of our system as we discussed earlier  , we expect MT-based CLIR would still be faster due to a sparser term-document matrix. One might wonder whether we can use the Arabic monolingual thesaurus to improve CLIR. The left graph shows a comparison of doing English-German CLIR using the alignments  , the wordlist or the combination of both. Research in CLIR explores techniques for retrieving documents in one language in response to queries in a different language. The most obvious approach to CLIR is by either translating the queries into the language of the target documents or translating the documents into the language of the queries. The problem of multilingual text retrieval has a long history. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR addresses the situation where the query that a user presents to an IR system  , is not in the same language as the corpus of documents being searched. However  , as the translation resource is constant across the experiments in the paper  , we were confident this would not affect the comparison of triangulation to other CLIR techniques. Thus  , it is important for a translation system based CLIR approach to maintain the uncertainty in translating queries when queries are ambiguous. OOV problem consists of having a dictionary that is not able to completely cover all terms of a language or  , more generally  , of a domain . These components interact  , respectively  , with the MT services and with the domain-specific ontology deployed on the CLIR system. The goal of the presented study was the investigation on the effectiveness of integrating semantic domain-specific resources  , like ontologies  , into a CLIR context. We obtained monolingual baselines for each language pair by retrieving documents with TD queries formulated from search topics that are expressed in the same language as the documents. Scanning the papers of CLIR Track participants in TREC-9 and TREC-2001  , we observe a trend toward the fusion of multiple resources in an attempt to improve lexical coverage. We also show how to use the alignments to extend the classical CLIR problem to a scenario where mono-and cross-language result lists are merged. In CLIR  , queries are translated from the source language to the target language  , and the original and translated queries are used to retrieve documents in both the source and targeted languages. This strategy works well with many relevant documents retrieved in the initial top n  , but is less successful when the initial retrieval effectiveness is poor  , which is commonly the case in CLIR where initial retrieval performance is affected by translation accuracy see  , e.g. However  , research funding by such projects as TIDES 1   , indicates that there is a need  , within intelligence organisations at least  , for CLIR systems using poor translation resources and pivots. Contributions. Indeed  , the impressive CLIR performance was typically observed in the following settings: 1 test documents were general-domain news stories i.e. Let L1 be the source language and L2 be the target language in CLIR  , all our corpus-based methods consist of the following steps: 1. Benchmarked using TREC 6 French to English CLIR task  , CLQS demonstrates higher effectiveness than the traditional query translation methods using either bilingual dictionary or commercial machine translation tools. Davis and Dunning 1996 and Davis 1997 also found that the performance of MRD-based CLIR queries was much poorer than that of monolingual queries. A common problem with past research on MT-based CLIR is that a direct comparison of retrieval results with other approaches is difficult because the lexical resources inside most commercial MT systems cannot be directly accessed. Tools for CLIR such as dictionaries are not universally available in every language needed or in every domain covered in digital libraries. Thirteen groups participated in the CLIR track introduced in TREC-6  , with documents and queries in German   , English  , French and queries in Dutch and Spanish as well. Interestingly  , this assumption yielded good results in the English-F'rench CLIR runs. We are interested in realizing 1 the possibility of predicting a query term to be translated or not; 2 whether the prediction can effectively improve CLIR performance; and 3 how untranslated OOV and various translations of non-OOV terms affect CLIR performance. This paper has proposed an approach to automatically translate unknown queries for CLIR using the dynamic Web as the corpus. The obtained experimental results have shown its effectiveness in efficiently generating translation equivalents of various unknown query terms and improving retrieval performance for conventional CLIR approaches. The most important difference between them is the fact that CLIR is based on queries  , consisting of a few words only  , whereas in CLTC each class is defined by an extensive profile which may be seen as a weighted collection of documents. In developing techniques for CLTC  , we want to keep in mind the lessons learned in CLIR. At query time  , the CLIR system may perform the construction of three types of queries  , starting from the ones formulated by users  , based on the system configuration: 1. CLIR systems need to be robust enough to tackle textual variations or errors both at the query end and at the document end. Explicitly expressing term dependency relations has produced good results in monolingual retrieval 9  , 18   , but extending that idea to CLIR has not proven to be straightforward. Query translation approaches for cross-language information retrieval CLIR can be pursued either by applying a machine translation MT system or by using a token-to-token bilingual mapping. Even for Spanish- Chinese CLIR  , we used the English projection to place documents of both languages in the reduced space where the actual CLIR-task is performed. However  , when MRD translation was supplemented with parts-of-speech POS disambiguation  , or POS and corpus-based disambiguation   , CLIR queries performed much better. We propose that translating pieces of words sequences of n characters in a row  , called character n-grams can be as effective as translating words while conveying additional benefits for CLIR. In pure thesaurus based retrieval  , documents and queries are matched through their thesaurus based representations   , with document representations derived by an indexer and query representations provided by users. As summarized by Schauble and Sheridan 24  the TREC- 6 CLIR results appear consistent with previous results in that the performances typically range between 50 and 75% of the corresponding monolingual baselines. From our perspective  , it is evident that given the nature of the TREC collections  , CLIR approaches based upon multilingual thesauri remain difficult to explore. Soergel describes a general framework for the use of multilingual thesauri in CLIR 27   , noting that a number of operational European systems employ multilingual thesauri such as UDC and LCSH for indexing and searching. Query translation  , which aims to translate queries in one language into another used in documents  , has been widely adopted in CLIR. Its correct Chinese translations result in average precision AP of 0.5914 for CLIR. Section 4 then describes the design of an experiment in which three variants of meaning matching are compared to strong monolingual and CLIR baselines. A major motivation for us to develop the cross-language meaning matching model is to improve CLIR effectiveness over a strong CLIR baseline. One of the simplest yet well performing approaches to CLIR is based on query translation using an existing Statistical Machine Translation SMT system which is treated as a black box. The fact that our approach outperformed one of the best commercial MT systems indicates that some specific translation tools designed for query translation in CLIR may be better than on-the-shelf MT systems. For evaluating the effectiveness of the CLIR system  , different standard metrics have been adopted. We also presented a revised version of the co-occurrence model. For patent search in compounding languages  , the CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than for other language pairs 3  , 7 . Recently  , approaches exploiting the use of semantics have been explored. Both NUS and NIfWP queries were divided into two subtypes  , structured and unstructured queries. However  , the performance can be improved by supplemental methods and by structuring of queries. CLIR typically involve translating queries from one language to another. In Section 2  , we review previous work on CLIR using query translation  , document translation  , and merged result sets. We proposed and evaluated a novel approach to extracting bilingual terminology from comparable corpora in CLIR. Exploiting different translation models revealed to be highly effective. In this paper  , we proposed a method to leverage click-through data to extract query translation pairs. 2 reports the enhancement on CLIR by post-translation expansion. From a statistical perspective  , the CLIR problem can be formulated as follows. This phenomenon motivates us to explore whether a query term should be translated or not. Still others are affected by the translation quality obtained. Score normalisation is not necessary for the web task  , but is relevant for other tasks like CLIR and topic tracking. Conventionally CLIR approaches 4 ,7 ,8 ,12 ,21 have focused mainly on incorporating dictionaries and domain-specific bilingual corpora for query translation 6 ,10 ,18. This is also observed in our experiments. The advantage of the dictionary-based approach is also twofold. We contrast and compare our recent work as CLIR/DLF postdoctoral fellows placed in three different institutions 2. On English-Chinese CLIR  , our focus was put on finding effective ways for query translation. 4a comparison of the retrieval results for the 25 queries. We have a large English-Chinese bilingual dictionary from LDC. Finally  , Section 8 states some conclusions. The above experiment demonstrates the effectiveness of using CLQS to suggest relevant queries for CLIR enhancement. The runs which do candidate selection fig. Corpus based methods have also been investigated independent of dictionaries. The impact of disambiguation for CLIR is debatable. Applying the research results in that area will be helpful. The effect on CLIR queries was small  , as the Finnish queries did not have many phrases. Therefore the main task in CLIR is not translating sentences but translating phrases. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR deals with the problem of finding documents written in a language different from the one used for query formulation. Two reports have measured retrieval performance as a function of resources for English-Chinese retrieval. Therefore  , it gives a good indication on the possible impact on query translation. The CLIR model described in 5 is based on the following decomposition: In particular  , the models proposed in 5  , 18  , 1 are considered. Large English- Chinese bilingual dictionaries are now available. 2 11 queries with monolingual Avg. P lower than CLIR. Despite the reasonable average percentual increase  , most of the differences are not significant. Groups experimenting with such approaches during this or former CLIR tracks include Eurospider  , IBM and the University of Montreal. A second approach we used for translation is based on automatic dictionary lookup. In this paper  , we explore several methods to improve query translation for English-Chinese CLIR. We evaluate the three proposed query translation models on CLIR experiments on TREC Chinese collections. According to Hull and Grefenstette 1996 human translation in CLIR experiments is an additional source of error. Pair-wise pvalues are shown in Table 4. Some should-not-betranslated terms inherently suffer from their ineffectiveness in CLIR. In CLIR  , given the expense of translation  , a user is likely to be interested in the top few retrieved documents. However  , it is often a reasonable choice to transliterate certain OOV words  , especially the Named Entities NEs. There are several ways to cross the language barriers in CLIR systems. Section 2 presents an overview of the works carried out in the field of CLIR systems. The Arabic topics were used in our monolingual experiments and the English topics in our CLIR experiments. Within the project Twenty-One a system is built that supports Crosslanguage Information Retrieval CLIR. Query translation is usually selected for practical reasons of eeciency. Thecompared AveP and G AveP. However  , it should be stressed that MT and IR have widely divergent concerns. Half of the topics shows an increase in average precision  , the other half a decrease. Section 3 describes our CLIR experiments with and without our automatically discovered dictionary entries. Results are presented and discussed in Section 4. They concluded that even if the translation ambiguity were solved correctly  , only limited improvement can be obtained. 3 9 queries with monolingual average precision higher than CLIR. This makes it worth finding how effective CHI is in CLIR when compared to WM1. 16  develops a cross-lingual relevancy model by leveraging the crosslingual co-occurrence statistics in parallel texts. In Section 3  , we presented a discriminative model for cross lingual query suggestion. The following list of user requirements related to CLIR was derived: Together with the observation notes  , the scenarios served to identify key factors for system design. In cross-language IR either documents or queries have to be translated. The last section summarizes this work and outlines directions for future work. We induced a bilingual lexicon from the translated corpus by treating the translated corpus as a pseudo-parallel corpus. The system achieved roughly 90% of monolingual performance in retrieving Chinese documents and 85% in retrieving Spanish documents. We define translation  , expansion  , and replacement features. Another group of useful features are CLIR features. To overcome the language barrier in cross-language information retrieval CLIR  , either queries or documents are translated into the language of their counterparts. Thus we argue that the DICT model gives a reasonable baseline. One reason is simply the cost of existing linguistic resources  , such as dictionaries. Another problem associated with the dictionary-based method is the problem in translating compound-noun phrases in a query. In this section  , we describe the approach we have adopted for addressing the CLIR problem. A gold standard that  , for each query  , provides the list of the relevant documents used to evaluate the results provided by the CLIR system. SMT-based CLIR-methods clearly outperform all others. In the following sections  , we first describe the system and the language resources employed for the TREC-8 CLIR track. In TREC-10 the Berkeley group participated only in the English-Arabic cross-language retrieval CLIR track. one such technique of implementing fuzzy text search for CLIR to solve the above mentioned problems. Thus  , the previous studies show that simple MRD-based CLIR queries perform poorly. Previous studies McCarley  , 1999 suggested that such a combination can improve CLIR performance. Research in the area of cross-language information retrieval CLIR has focused mainly on methods for translating queries. In particular we concentrate on the comparison of various query translation methods. We have explored a CLIR method for MEDLINE using only the multilingual Metathesaurus for query translation . Such approaches pursue the reduction of erroneous or irrelevant translations in hope that the CLIR performance could approach to that of monolingual information retrieval MIR. NTCIR test collection and SMART retrieval system were used to evaluate the proposed strategies in CLIR. Results showed that larger lexicon sources  , phrase translation  , and disambiguation techniques improve CLIR performance significantly and consistently on TREC-9 corpus. However  , MT systems are available for only a few pairs of languages. In comparison with MT  , this approach is more flexible. Many questions need to be answered. This year we approached TREC Genomics using a cross language IR CLIR techniques. In this work  , we have presented a CLIR system based on the combination of the usage of domain-specific multilingual ontologies i for expanding queries and ii for enriching document representation with the index in a multilingual environment. However  , except for very early work with small databases 22   , there has been little empirical evaluation of multilingual thesauri controlled vocabularies in the context of free-text based CLIR  , particularIy when compared to dictionary and corpus-based methods. There have been three main approaches to CLIR: translation via machine translation tectilques ~ad94; parallel or comparable corpora-based methods lJX195aj LL90  , SB96  , and dictionary-based methods Sa172 ,Pev72  , HG96  , BC96. CLIR has received more attention than any other querytime replacement problem in recent years  , and several effective techniques are now known. In the last decade  , however  , with the growth in the number of Web users  , the need of facing the problem of the language barriers for exchanging information has notably increased and the need for CLIR systems in everyday life has become more and more clear the recent book by J.-Y. Since the main goal of the presented work consists of exploring the impact of domain-specific semantic resources on the effectiveness of CLIR systems  , in our investigations we will focus on the strategies for matching textual inputs to ontological concepts applied to both the query and the documents in the target collection rather than on the translation of the textual query. It is caused by that statistical features reflect the underlying distribution of translated terms in the document collection  , and also that CLIR features reveal the degree of translation necessity. We have demonstrated that using statistical term similarity measures to enhance the dictionary-based query-translation CLIR method  , particularly in term disambiguation and query expansion  , can significantly improve retrieval effectiveness. Post-hoc CLIR results are reported on all 75 topics from TREC 2001 and TREC 2002. One reason is that ad-hoc CLEF tasks evaluate CLIR systems as a whole; there is no direct comparison of alternative solutions for specific system components  , such as translation strategies given a fixed set of translation resources  , or resource acquisition techniques given a fixed translation strategy. For TREC-7 and TDT-2 we had been using PRISE  , but our interest in trying out Pirkola's technique for CLIR led to our choice of Inquery for CLIR TREC-8. MRD-based approaches demonstrated to be effective for addressing the CLIR problem ; however  , when CLIR systems are applied to specific domains  , they suffer of the " Out-Of-Vocabulary " OOV issue 7. A plethora of literature about cross lingual information retrieval CLIR exists. These methods follow a very similar pattern: the query 28 or the target document set 3 is automatically translated and search is then performed using standard monolingual search. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file formats  , such as e.g. Jeff Rothenberg together with CLIR 25  envision a framework of an ideal preservation surrounding for emulation. Emulation requires sufficient knowledge from the user about the computer environment and dependencies of components. In both works  , the results demonstrated that the idea of using domain specific resources for CLIR is promising. Since then  , research in CLIR has grown to cover a wider variety of languages and techniques. Such a technique has been shown to improve CLIR performance. This more general problem will also be investigated in the CLIR track for the upcoming TREC-7 conference. Quality assessment independent of a specific application will be discussed in the following  , whereas an evaluation of the alignments for use in CLIR can be found in section 4. There are various reasons for textual variations like spelling variations  , dialectal variations  , morphological variations etc. The English NL/S and NUWP queries that provided the basis for Finnish queries  , were also used as baselines for CLIR queries see Figure 1. The syn-operator treats its operand search keys as instances of the same key. One possible way by which structuring disambiguates CLIR queries is that it enforces " conjunctive " relationships between search keys. Translating pieces of words seems odd. In this paper  , we proposed several approaches to improve dictionary-based query translation for CLIR. The latter runs the decoder directly with the new weights. WE-VS. Our new retrieval model which relies on the induction of word embeddings and their usage in the construction of query and document embeddings is described in sect. Sometimes such expressions are written identically in different languages and no translation is needed. CLIR systems' proven ability to rank news stories might not transfer readily to other genres such as medical journal articles – a point also raised by 16. We outline the corpus-based CLIR methods and a MT-based approach  , with pointers to the literature where detailed descriptions can be found. All of the correlation values exceed 0.6  , and therefore are statistically highly significant. We propose a novel approach to learning from comparable corpora and extracting a bilingual lexicon. Successful translation of OOV terms is one of the challenges of CLIR. A Chinese topic contains four parts: title  , description  , narrative and key words relevant to whole topic. This implies users would prefer them  , but the technique is rarely deployed in actual IR systems. So it is very interesting to compare the CLQS approach with the conventional query expansion approaches. Interestingly  , both systems obtained best results by using French as source language 4 . Disambiguation of multiplesense terms by estimating co-occurrence for each chandi- date3 has also shown evident accuracy enhancement. In this section  , we discuss the effect of translating OOV and non-OOV query terms on CLIR. For those ineffective OOV terms LRMIR < 0  , not-translating such terms is beneficial to CLIR performance. We also verify that translating should-be-translated terms indeed helps improve CLIR performance across various translation methods   , retrieval models  , and benchmarks. According to the authors  , it appears that document translation performs at least as well as query translation. For TREC-6  , the CLIR track topics were developed centrally at NIST Schäuble and Sheridan  , 1998. They found that users were able to reliably assess the topical relevance of translated documents . Only the umd99b1" and umd99c1" runs contributed to the relevance assessment pools. But in our CLIR system  , in some degree  , word disambiguation has not taken some obvious affect to retrieval efficiency. After that  , we submit four runs for CLIR official evaluation this year. TREC-8 marks the first occasion for CLARITECH to participate in the CLIR track. With our TREC-8 submission  , we are in a position to assess how well our techniques extend to European languages. For CLIR involving more than two languages  , we decompose the task into bilingual retrieval from the source language to the individual target languages  , then merge the retrieval results. While there is little research on using syntactic approaches for resolving translation ambiguity for CLIR  , linguistic structures have been successfully exploited in other applications. This study explores the relationship between the quality of a translation resource and CLIR performance. The upper two figures are for AP88-89 dataset  , and the lower two are for WSJ87-88 dataset. Arabic  , the same retrieval system was also used for monolingual experiments. The TREC-9 collection contains articles published in Hong Kong Commercial Daily  , Hong Kong Daily News  , and Takungpao. As discussed earlier  , direct comparisons with other techniques have been a problem because lexicons in most MT systems are inaccessible. Table 3shows the retrieval results of our CLIR system on TREC5C and TREC9X. Once a list of monolingual results has been retrieved in each collection   , all the lists are merged to produce a multilingual result list. In cultures where people speak both Chinese and English  , using mixed language is a common phenomenon. On English-Chinese CLIR of TREC5 and TREC6  , we obtained 75.55% of monolingual effectiveness using our approach. The main aim of our participation in the cross-language track this year was to try different combinations of various individual cross-language information retrieval CLIR approaches. This is because even though we invested considerable effort  , we were not able to locate an offthe-shelf German Italian machine translation system. shows Kendall's rank correlations with the NTCIR-3 CLIR Chinese data for all pairs of IR metrics considered in this study. We used the English document collection from the NTCIR- 4 1 CLIR task and the associated 50 Chinese training topics. We therefore omitted Model 4 for the English- Chinese pair. The wordlist contains about 145 ,000 entries. Thus  , we both use a Japanese corpus to validate the hypothetical katakana sequences. The co-occurrence technique can also be used to reduce ambiguity of term translations. Similarly to last year  , CLIR track participants were asked to retrieve documents from a multilingual pool containing documents in four different languages. Another advantage of the proposed method is that it can automatically extract the popular sense of the polysemous queries. Nevertheless  , it is arguable that accurate query translation may not be necessary for CLIR. For example  , in 12  , syntactic dependency was exploited for resolving word sense ambiguity. Our experimental results will show that the probabilistic model may achieve comparable performances to the best MT systems. The results we have obtained already showed clearly the feasibility of using Web parallel documents for model training. A CLIR BMIR-J2 collection was constructed by manually translating the Japanese BMIR-J2 requests into English. In previous work on direct word-for-word translation  , Ballesteros and Croft 1 reported CLIR effectiveness 60% below monolingual. Our comparable results for the direct run indicated performance 81% below monolingual. CLIR methods involving machine translation systems  , bilingual dictionaries  , parallel and comparable collections are currently being  explored. Disambiguation strategies are typically employed to reduce translation errors. Thus  , our second measure is average interpolated precision at 0.10 recall. We utilize linguistic Ling  , statistical Stat  , and CLIR features f si of query term si to capture its characteristics from different aspects. CLIR features are the key to learning what characteristics make a term favorable or adverse for translation. Note that the English and Chinese documents are not parallel texts. Realizing what factors determine translation necessity is important. Both tasks use topic models to retrieve similar documents. We distinguish preretrieval and post-retrieval data merging methods. A key resource for many approaches to cross-language information retrieval CLIR is a bilingual dictionary bidict. Query translation research has developed along two broad directions  , typically referred to as " dictionary-based " and " corpus-based " techniques. 2 11 queries with monolingual average precision lower than CLIR. Researchers have used various language pairs Copyright is held by the author/owner. The probabilistic approach will be compared empirically with two popular CLIR techniques  , structural query translation and machine translation MT. Studies that used MT systems for CLIR include Ballesteros and Croft 1998; Oard 1998. WEAVER was used to induce a bilingual lexicon for our approach to CLIR. Its performance is around 85% of monolingual retrieval. Term disambiguation has been a subject of intensive study in CLIR Ballesteros  , 1998. The paper will also offer explanations  , why these methods have positive effects. This has a depressing effect on CLIR performance  , as such expressions are often prime keys in queries. Besides the above phrase translation method  , we also use another two methods in our Chinese-English CLIR system: CEMT-based method and dictionary-based method. These context-sensitive token translation probabilities can then be used in the same way as context-independent probabilities. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file format. Section 3 discusses methods for evaluating the alignments and section 4 shows the application of alignments in a CLIR system. For application in a CLIR system  , pairs from classes 1 through 4 are likely to help for extracting good terms. A technique for translating queries indirectly using parallel corpora has been proposed by Sheridan & Ballerini 19  , 20. In this paper  , we present an approach facing the third scenario. This problem has been addressed in two different ways in the literature. In the provided evaluation   , the gold standard was manually created by the domain experts. This further enrichment of the documents representation permits to increase the effectiveness of the CLIR system. However  , the combined use of the two ontologies is destructive with respect to the use of the sole Organic. Lingua one. Our method of fuzzy text search could be used in any type of CLIR system irrespective of their underlying retrieval models. The former reuses hypergraphs/lattices produced with the MIRA-tuned weights and applies new weights to find an alternative  , CLIR-optimized  , derivation. The user may not be proficient at reading a foreign language  , so could not be expected to look through more than the top retrieved documents. Figure 2: Comparison of CLIR performance on heterogeneous datasets using both short and long queries. In 19  , for example  , an IR-like technique is used to find statistical association between words in two languages. The use of the combined dictionary is motivated by previous studies 9  , 17  , which showed that larger lexicon resource improves CLIR performance significantly. EuroWordNet has a small phrase vocabulary  , which we anticipated would reduce the effectiveness of our CLIR system. Many applications of CLIR rely on large bilingual translation resources for required language pairs. Hence  , this approach bears high potential for CLIR tasks. The problem of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR extends the information retrieval framework by assuming that queries and documents are not in the same language. Particular difficulties exist in languages where there are no clearly defined boundaries between words as is the case with Chinese text. For example  , AbdulJaleel and Larkey describe a transliteration technique 1  that they successfully applied in English- Arabic CLIR. English stop words were removed from the English document collection  , and the Porter stemmer 13  was used to reduce words to stems. Our English-Chinese CLIR experiments used the MG 14 search engine. No statistically significant improvements over the baseline were observed for the fine fax resolution or the standard fax resolution not shown. In section 4  , we describe the use of query expansion techniques. In CLIR  , queries can be expanded prior to translation  , after translation or both before and after translation. 3 9 queries with monolingual Avg. P higher than CLIR. On its own the CLIR approach gives varying results: some topics benefit from the reweighting of important query terms and the expansion with tokens related to the detected biomedical concepts. One Arabic monolingual run and four English-Arabic cross-language runs were submitted. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 11. With the explosion of on-line non-English documents  , crosslanguage information retrieval CLIR systems have become increasingly important in recent years. extracted from parallel sentences in French and English  , the performance of CLIR is improved. We investigate the retrieval ability of our new vector space retrieval model based on bilingual word embeddings by comparing it to the set of standard MoIR and CLIR models. LM-UNI  , which was the best scoring MoIR model  , is now outscored by the other two models which rely on structured semantic representations. For a parallel corpus  , we use Brown et al's statistical machine translation models Brown et al  , 1993 to automatically induce a probabilistic bilingual lexicon. The syn-operator was used in structured CLIR queries; the words of the same facet were combined by the syn-operator. Disambiguation through increasing the weight of relevant search keys is an important way of disambiguation Hull  , 1997. This is made more critical as the number of languages represented in electronic media continues to expand . Combining either of these two expansion methods with query translation augmented by phrasal translation and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance above 90% monolingual. Furthermore  , post-translation expansion is capable of improving CLQS-based CLIR. We first explored the viability of no-translation CLIR on a broader range of disparate language pairs than has been heretofore reported. However  , the accuracy of query translation is not always perfect. NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 CLIR tasks also provide English and Chinese documents  , which are used as the source and target language corpora  , respectively. The coefficient of determination R 2 measures how well future outcomes are likely to be predicted by the statistical models. We use NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 English-Chinese tasks for evaluation and consider both <title> and <desc> fields as queries. It shows that T is influenced by intrinsic ineffectiveness  , semantic recovery by query expansion  , or poor translation quality. Our goal is to assess the UMLS Metathesaurus based CLIR approach within this context. We also show that such dictionaries contribute to CLIR performance . In this study we presented a novel fuzzy translation technique based on automatically generated transformation rules and fuzzy matching. One of them is based on cognates  , for which untranslatable and/or similar terms in case of close languages are used for matching the query. We argue that these variations can be captured by successfully matching training resources to target corpora. This simple scenario is modified in the context of CLIR  , where   , dN } consists of only those documents that are in the same language and script  , i.e. This paper's main contribution is a novel approach to CTIR. Since all of our models require large sets of relevance-ranked training data  , e.g. The evaluation metric is Mean Average Precision MAP. Informal tests " viewing the interaction with a CLIR system available on the Web ARCTOS and machine-translated web pages Google. CLIR is to retrieve documents in one language target language providing queries in another language source language. Although different resources or techniques are used  , all these methods try to generate the best target queries. Only the title and description fields of the topics were used in query formulation. Clearly a need for enhanced resources is felt. We have used it for three popular languages Hindi  , Bengali and Marathi which use Brahmi origin scripts. This is called the ambiguity problem in CLIR. Related work on alignment has been going on in the field of computational linguistics for a number of years. Evaluating document-level alignments can have fundamentally different goals. The full topic statements were used for all runs  , and the evaluation used relevance assessments for 21 queries. Much of the research conducted in this area has focused on supporting more effective cross-language information retrieval CLIR. The knowledge source used in English-Chinese-oriented CLIR system mainly includes dictionary knowledge and Chinese Synonym Dictionary. In addition  , stopword list and word morphological resumption list are also utilized in our system. Ogden and Davis 19 were among the first to study the utility of CLIR systems in interactive settings. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 18. In Section 2  , we describe the various components of CLIR systems  , existing approaches to the OOV problem  , and explain the ideas behind the extensions we have developed. While each of the above phases involve different tech-niques  , they are all inter-related. Table 1provides some statistics of the data. 3 report on CLIR experiments for French and Spanish using the same test collection as we do OHSUMED  , and the UMLS Metathesaurus for query translation  , achieving 71% of baseline for Spanish and 61 % for French. One principled solution to this problem is Pirkola's structured query method 6. This is an encouraging result that shows the approach based on a probabilistic model may perform very well. multi Searcher deals with several CLIR issues. We proposed a context-based CLIR tool  , to support the user  , in having a certain degree of confidence about the translation. We performed one Chinese monolingual retrieval run and three English-Chinese cross-language retrieval runs. A good MT system  , if available  , may perform query translation of reasonable quality for CLIR purposes. We return to the issue of vocabulary coverage later in the paper. An underlying assumption in this approach is that the initial manual translation is accurate  , and that it can be unambiguously translated back to the original Japanese query. We had found that dividing the RSV by the query length helps to normalize scores across topics. Corpus-based approaches are also popular. We employed the query translation approach to CLIR by translating the English queries and retrieve in monolingual Chinese. Overall  , both translations are quite adequate for CLIR. The Natural Language Systems group at IBM participated in three tracks at TREC-8: ad hoc  , SDR and cross-language. Full document translation for large collections is impractical  , thus query translation is a viable alternative. Newly borrowed technical words and foreign proper names are often written in Japanese using a syllabic alphabet called katakana. Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval CLIR addresses the problem of ranking documents whose language differs from the query language. In this section  , we present the results of our CLIR experiments on TREC Chinese corpora. We focused on translation of phrases  , which has been demonstrated to be one of most effective ways to obtain more accurate translations. CLIR experiments in the literature have used multilingual   , document-aligned corpora  , where documents in one language are paired with their translation in the other. We used four graded-relevance data sets from the TREC robust track and the NTCIR CLIR task: some statistics are shown in Table 1. N and R denote the number of judged nonrelevant and relevant documents. Their correct translation therefore is crucial for good performance of machine translation MT and cross-language information retrieval CLIR systems. This can be attributed to the presence of compounds  , which leads to higher rates of OOV compound For patent search in compounding languages  , the CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than for other language pairs 3  , 7 . In this paper  , we propose to use CLQS as an alternative to query translation  , and test its effectiveness in CLIR tasks. This also shows the strong correspondence between the input French queries and English queries in the log. For each English word a precise equivalent was given. As a result  , many nonrelevant documents are ranked high. Levow and Oard  , 1999 studied the impact of lexicon coverage on CLIR performance. In our experiments  , we used SYSTRAN version 3.0 http://www.systransoft.com for query and document translation. Extending this to CLIR is straightforward given a multilingual thesaurus. Selected English Phrases: therapy  , replacement Final English Query: causation  , cancer  , thorax  , estrogens   , therapy  , replacement Since we have follow up refinement steps in our CLIR approach  , we set M  , the number of concepts identified for each query  , to 15. Their concern was evaluated on a whole query  , whereas we think every single term has its own impact on CLIR performance. We denote tj as the corresponding translation of si in target language. As linguistic  , statistical and CLIR features are complementary  , we use all of the features in the following experiments. Based on the pre-trained model  , we'd like to test if we can improve the CLIR performance with 4 different translation strategies. Each strategy generates its own tj given source term si. " Context features are useful for predicting translation quality. In brief sum  , " to-translate-or-not-to-translate " is influenced by various and complicated causes. How to efficiently translate unknown terms in short queries has  , therefore  , become a major challenge for real CLIR systems 4 ,7. This section presents two methods of combining dictionary and spelling evidence in the framework given by Eq. Use of the alignments for CLIR gives excellent results  , proving their value for realworld applications. However  , the degrees of improvement are not similar for all the query sets. CLIR is concerned with the problem of a user formulating a query in one language in order to retrieve documents in several other languages. The proposed CLIR system manages a collection of documents containing multilingual information as well as user queries that may be performed in any language supported by the system. The CLIR system has been evaluated by adopting three different configurations and the results have been compared with the gold standard  , according to the metrics described above. This paper explores flat and hierarchical PBMT systems for query translation in CLIR. The lower similarity between CVMR and CVMF M can be explained by training data Table 3: Test results for combined CLIR models see Table 2. Some dictionary-based and corpus-based methods perform almost as well as monolingual retrieval 7  , 8  , 9. Future research includes collecting more interview data and developing a thesaurus of English terms used in CLIR to enhance traditional or monolingual controlled vocabularies. There are three broad types of CLIR systems: those based on query translation  , those based on document translation  , and those that use some aspects of both 15. Our tests in TREC8 showed that using Web documents to train a probabilistic model is a reasonable approach. We evaluated three multilingual data merging methods to obtain a single ranked list for the purpose of TREC-8 CLIR track submission. In distinction from the earlier TREC-5/6 Chinese corpus  , these sources were written in the traditional Chinese character set and encoded in BIG5. In addition to the specific results reported by each research team  , the evaluation produced the first large Arabic information retrieval test collection. Finding a good monolingual IR method is a prerequisite for CLIR. The MAP were cross-language runs  , not monolingual runs. It can reduce translation error by 45% over automatic translation bringing CLIR performance up from 42% to 68% of monolingual performance. This is still well below a monolingual baseline  , but irnprovedphrasrd translations should help to narrow the gap. This amounts to no sense disambiguation for query words. As indicated in Table 1Figure 1: Comparison of CLIR performance on homogeneous datasets using both short and long queries. The second approach is to project document vectors from one language into another using cross-language information retrieval CLIR techniques. When we embarked on this line of research  , we did not find any publications addressing the area of Cross-Lingual Text Categorization as such. In CLIR  , we need a relevance model for both the source language and the target language. The second can be obtained using either a parallel corpus or a bi-lingual lexicon giving translation probabilities. In CLTC  , for performing translations we shall have to use similar linguistic resources as in CLIR. Since our resources are less than ideal  , should we compensate by implementing pre-and post-expansion ? Finally  , we combined the various transitive runs to determine whether triangulated retrieval is useful in the absence of translation resources. The corpora consisted of comparable news articles in Hindi  , Bengali  , and Marathi collected during 2004 to 2007. Our paired T-test results indicate that our retrieval scores are statistically significant. But combining these sources would presumably improve effectiveness of CTIR  , much as evidence combination has aided CLIR 25. More specifically  , the problem is considered solved if high-quality training resources parallel text  , online dictionaries  , multi-lingual thesauri  , etc. Challenges for domainspecific CLIR  , in particular the problem of distinguishing domainspecific meanings  , have been noted in 12. more likely to be a person or entity vs. medical domain documents more likely to be a chemical. Section 4 discusses our CLIR approaches. Note that all the documents in a typical CLIR setup are assumed to be written in the corresponding native scripts. The commercial versions of the dictionaries were converted automatically to CLIR versions by removing from them all other material except for actual dictionary words. For these reasons  , a special dictionary alleviates the translation polysemy problem  , in which the translation of one source language word to many target language words causes fuzziness in CLIR queries. Future research should concentrate on finding methods by which the performance of CLIR queries could be improved further. Still another method that would be worth studying is data fusion; different translation methods produce different result lists. There are two main scenarios where the user input could be incorporated into the system to enhance multilingual information retrieval: 1. Section 6 compares CLIR performance of our system with monolingual IR performance. We proposed and evaluated a probabilistic CLIR retrieval system. To our knowledge  , this is the first systematic comparison of those models on the task of English to Chinese CLIR on gold test sets. The following three runs were performed in our Chinese to English CLIR experiments: 1. Kraaij 8 showed successful use of the widely used BableFish 6 translation service based on Systran. Without any English OOV terms  , our translated queries achieved 86.7% of the monolingual result. In order to assess the value of what we have done  , we tested the usefulness of the newly derived dictionaries on a medical document collection. They use probabilities derived from the target language corpus to choose one transliteration  , reporting improved CLIR results  , similar to ours. This work evaluated a number of search strategies for the retrieval of Arabic documents  , using the TREC Arabic corpus as the test bed. Example-based method can provide very good translation results but the similarity computation between sentences is quite complex. Hull & Grefenstette 10 demonstrated that the retrieval performance of queries produced using manual phrase translation was significantly better than that of queries produced by simple word-forword  dictionary-based translation. No tools such as part of speech taggers  , stemmers and separate corpora are involved. Though these works have brought significant improvement in translation accuracy  , they eventually tried to translate as many terms as possible  , which we believe is not always an effective approach in CLIR. Particularly  , they incorporate dictionaries   , bilingual corpora  , or the Web to estimate the probability of translation ptj|si  , Qs. Usage of correct translations shall help reveal the necessity of translation. The basic formulae are a straightforward generalization of Darwish's PSQ technique with one important difference: no translation direction is specified. An important reason for this is that there is an implicit query expansion effect during translation because related words/phrases may be added. This indicates that the coverage of the dictionary is still an important problem to be solved to improve the performance of CLIR. We will extensively use this property during the construction of our MoIR and CLIR models. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 6. Besides the well-known Precision and Recall measure  , other metrics are widely used in the IR community. We expect similar improvements on CLIR  , and this will be confirmed by our experiments. This expansion task is very similar to the translation selection in CLIR. This section tries to point out similarities and differences of the presented approach with respect to other statistical IR models presented in the literature. Already  , the current results indicate that an automatically constructed parallel corpus may be a reasonable resource for CLIR. In this paper  , we investigated the possibility of replacing MT with a probabilistic model for CLIR. The numbers in table 1 show that the CLIR approach in general outperforms our baseline. In this paper  , decompounding German words is realized by an approach which has been employed in domain-specific CLIR 2. The decompounding is based on selecting the decomposition with the smallest number of words and the highest decomposition probability . 2 It is helpful for CLIR since it can extract semantically relevant queries in target language. One advantage of the proposed method is that it can extract relevant translations to benefit CLIR. Typically  , queries are translated either using a bilingual dictionary 22  , a machine translation software 9 or a parallel corpus 20. Even if this point of view is not original  , neither for IR 1 nor for CLIR Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. We sought to answer three questions: 1 what is the best that can be done using freely available resources; 2 how w ell does Pirkola's method for accommodating multiple candidate translations work on the TREC CLIR collection; and 3 would building a single index be more eeective than building separate indices for each language ? McCarley 28 trained a statistical MT system from a parallel corpus  , applied it to perform QT and DT  , and showed that the combination of scores from QT and DT drastically improved either method alone. Other specific works on CLIR within the multilingual semantic web may be found in 17 and 18   , while a complete overview of the ongoing research on CLIR is available at the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum CLEF 3   , one of the major references concerning the evaluation of multilingual information access systems. The assumption behind such mechanism is that queries are consistently used in one language. Only Translations: query terms are translated into the reference language used for retrieving documents. Since the evaluation of the Organic . Lingua CLIR system is based on the methodology introduced by CLEF 21 ,22  , the same metrics will be used for evaluating the described system. The question of how well the findings apply to a range of different collections remains open; however  , the fact that AP and SDA are quite dissimilar gives hope that a lot of data can be aligned. Translation polysemy is a phenomenon   , in which the number of word senses increases when a source language word is translated to a target language by replacing it with all of its target language equivalents. Ballesteros and Croft 1997 studied the effect of corpus-based query expansion on CLIR performance  , and found that expansion helped to counteract the negative effects of translation failures. Thus  , in unstructured CLIR queries unimportant search keys and irrelevant translation equivalents tend to dominate and depress the effect of important keys. Note how the term o~feoporosis has relatively more weight in the structured queries. Through our experiments  , we showed that each of the above methods leads to some improvement  , and that the combined approach significantly improves CLIR performance. In other words  , given the rank order produced through the use of one translation  , what would be the effect of treating the other word as part of the same cluster ? Thus  , a monolingual retrieval engine does not need to be altered after translating queries into the target language. where f w ,k ∈ R denotes the score for the k-th inter-lingual feature associated with w within the dim-dimensional shared inter-lingual embedding space. For EN→DE  , MAP is even slightly higher  , due to hyphenated compounds in the German translation of recovered topics  , i.e. To investigate the scientific knowledge inherent in patent retrieval  , we also used the NTCIR-3 CLIR test collection consisting of two years of newspaper articles  , and compared the results obtained with different genres of documents. Finally  , CLIR can be achieved by using the described document placement methods to place documents of different languages in the same map. While languages like Chinese and Japanese use multiple scripts 24  , they may not illustrate the true complexity of the MSIR scenario envisaged here because there are standard rules and preferences for script usage and well defined spellings rules. 10 used CLIR followed by MT to find domain-specific articles in a resource-rich language  , in order to use them for language modeling in a resource-poor language. This calculation results in a matrix of term-term associations  , which we use for query translation in the same manner as the matrix of translation probabilities in WM1. In this paper  , we return to first principles to derive an approach to CLIR that is motivated by cross-language meaning matching. For example  , to find documentlangauge synonyms  , we computed: Because statistical wordto-word translation models were available for use in our CLIR experiments  , we elected to find candidate synonyms by looking for words in the same language that were linked by a common translation. Model 4 seeks to achieve better alignments by modeling systematic position variations; that is an expensive step not commonly done for CLIR experiments . Figure 3shows the MAP of the top five official monolingual French runs from CLEF 2001. In addition  , the baseline PSQ technique exhibited the same decline in MAP near the tail of the translation probability distribution i.e. The latter finding suggests the necessity of combining bidirectional translation with synonymy knowledge. For the experiments reported below  , a greedy method was used  , with replacements retained in order of decreasing probability until a preset threshold on the cumulative probability was first exceeded. Even with a higher baseline of monolingual with expansion  , combining the CO method with expansion can still yield up to 88% of monolingual performance . Cross language information retrieval CLIR is often based on using a bilingual translation dictionary to translate queries from a source language to the target language in which the documents to be retrieved are written e.g. These solutions  , and others  , such as considering CLIR as spell- correction 2  , will all work reasonably well if the two languages in question are linguistically historically related and possess many cognates. We have been experimenting with a method for automatically creating candidate Japanese transliterated versions of English words. Our baseline bilingual CLIR lexicon is based on EDICT 4   , a widely used Japanese-to-English wordlist that contains a list of Japanese words and their English translations. However the issue is more difficult in Chinese as many characters have the same sound  , and many English syllables do not have equivalent sounds in Chinese  , meaning that selecting the correct characters to represent a transliterated word can be problematic. As shown in Table 2  , the extracted top translations are closely related to the source query  , even though sometimes they are not the translation equivalent of the source query. Therefore  , if a candidate for CLQS appears often in the query log  , then it is more likely the appropriate one to be suggested. Despite the various types of resources used  , out-of-vocabulary OOV words and translation disambiguation are the two major bottlenecks for CLIR 20. To overcome this knowledge bottleneck  , web mining has been exploited in 7  , 27  to acquire English- Chinese term translations based on the observation that Chinese terms may co-occur with their English translations in the same web page. The improvement on TREC French to English CLIR task by using CLQS demonstrates the high quality of the suggested queries. This  , however  , does not compromise our results since our experiments are aimed at comparing the performance of two different CLIR methods and not at comparing different search engine architectures. Moreover  , the search engine we employ is more in line with current clinical and Web retrieval engines and the requirements they have to fulfill. Various translation methodologies such as phrasal translation or sense disambiguation have brought significant improvements in CLIR. Translations with non-negative LRT D are regarded having good translation quality  , as they perform as well as or better than correct translation in the benchmarks. Documents of a comparable collection may be aligned at the document  , sentence or even word level. As reported in 24  , another interesting angle in the CLIR track is the approach taken by Cornell University wherein they exploit the fact that there are many similar looking words between French and English   , i.e. On the CLIR task  , due to the nature of the evaluation metric  , the computation time for MAP  , DO and HSA  , while being different for each metric  , is equal across the different model configurations. The issue of CLIR has also been explored in the cultural heritage domain. The question answering task in the interactive track of the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum iCLEF is an example of that more comprehensive perspective 8 . Our work involved two aspects: Finding good methods for Chinese IR  , and finding effective translation means between English and Chinese. We reused the same corpus-based methods that we utilized last year with considerable success  , while experimenting with using a number of off-the-shelf machine translation products.  The Salmone Arabic-to-English dictionary  , which was made available for use in the TREC-CLIR track by Tufts University. The first experiment CLARITdmwf used preretrieval data merging  , i.e. The goal of the track is to facilitate research on systems that are able to retrieve relevant documents regardless of the language a document happens to be written in. There was some concern over the test collection built in the TREC 2001 CLIR track in that the judgment pools were not as complete as they ideally would be. This presents a number of challenges  , primarily the problem of translation. Ballesteros 3 researched a transitive scheme and techniques to overcome word ambiguity. The availability of test collection and translation resources was the overriding factor determining our choice of languages. Examination of it suggested that the best choice of query language was German  , as its vocabulary coverage in EuroWordNet was reasonable. Thus  , the collection used for this investigation was the English corpus from the TREC8 CLIR Track and the 28 German and English queries from the same track for which relevance judgements are available. In this paper  , we investigate several approaches to translate an IR query into a different language. However  , when a query is truly ambiguous and multiple possible translations need to be considered  , a translation based CLIR approach can perform poorly. Because of the first point  , the rarity of electronic sources for translation  , investigators may be drawn to use the resources most readily available to them  , rather than those best suited for bilingual retrieval. In order to differentiate the source language from the target language  , a superscript s is used for any variable related to the source language and a superscript t is used for any variable related to the target language. All three were formed from the UN parallel corpus and the Buckwalter lexicon using the same procedure described in Section 3. Although their impact on CLIR performance is small  , spelling normalization and stemming are still useful because they reduce the need for memory because there are fewer entries in the lexicon and they improve the retrieval speed by simplifying the score computation. In CEMT-based method  , we use a CEMT system named TransEasy 4 to translate the queries into English. We use a probabilistic cross-lingual retrieval system  , whose theoretical basis is probabilistic generation of a query in one language from a document in another. For TREC-9  , the CLIR task used Chinese documents from Hong Kong. Once we had a dictionary in a suitable format  , we used it with our existing Dictionary-based Query Translation DQT routines to translate the query from English into the language of one of the four language-speciic CLIR subcollections no translation was needed for the English subcollection. The first three of them are automatic query translation run  , using our word segmentation approach for indexing  , while the monolingual run we submit uses n-gram based segmentation. As an alternative  , we also explored three ways of incorporating translation probabilities directly into the formulae: 1. Experimental evaluation of the CLIR model were performed on the Italian-to-English bilingual track data used in the CLEF 2000 C0 and CLEF 2001 C1 evaluations. In order to create broadly useful systems that are computationally tractable  , it is common in information retrieval generally  , and in CLIR in particular  , to treat terms independently . The key insight between what we call meaning matching is to apply that same perspective directly to CLIR. Figure 4 shows the relative English-French CLIR effectiveness as compared to the monolingual French baseline. However  , in both cases  , the best DAMM was statistically indistinguishable from the best IMM. There are other variants of cross-language meaning matching  , depending on translation in which direction is used and synonymy knowledge in which language is used. But for unrelated languages  , such as English and Japanese  , a word missing from the dictionary has little chance of matching any pertinent string in the other language text. Despite promising experimental results with each of these approaches   , the main hurdle to improved CLIR effectiveness is resolving ambiguity associated with translation. However  , CLIR is a difficult problem to solve on the basis of MT alone: queries that users typically enter into a retrieval system are rarely complete sentences and provide little context for sense disambiguation. In particular  , if the user intends to perform CLIR  , then original query is even more likely to have its correspondent included in the target language query log. Our experiments showed that the decaying co-occurrence model performs better than the standard co-occurrence model  , and brings significant improvements over the simple dictionary approaches in CLIR. The translation resource was EuroWordNet  , a multilingual thesaurus consisting of WordNets for various European languages including those used in TREC CLIR queries 20. However  , the relatively poor performance of the translation component of our test CLIR system was not a major concern to us  , as it remained a constant throughout our experiments. Such a study will help identify good candidate pivot languages. When compared with previous results we see that Spanish CLIR using the Metathesaurus for query translation is on the high end of the performance range of 50- 75% of baseline scores observed with approaches based on dictionaries with or without information extracted from corpora 12  , 3  , 7  , 14. Yet 10  focused merely on evaluating the performance of a whole query and did not give insight into the effect of translation for each query term. The focus of previous works1  , 4 did key-term selection in the mono-lingual environment; however  , our discovery of various causes such as pre-and post-translation query expansion would influence the preference of translation in CLIR. Finally   , a larger R 2 can be achieved by including more features for training. InQuery's synonym operator was originally designed to support monolingual thesaurus expansion  , so it estimates TF and DF as follows 11 Pirkola appears to have been the first to try separately estimating TF and DF for query terms in a CLIR application 13  , using the InQuery synonym operator to implement what he called " structured queries. " In general  , language modeling approaches to retrieval rely on collection frequency CF in place of DF: Corpus-based approaches to CLIR have generally developed within a framework based on language modeling rather than vector space models  , at least in part because modern statistical translation frameworks offer a natural way of integrating translation and language models 19. Inclusion of rare translations in a CLIR application was shown to be problematic for all three methods  , however. Use of only the most likely of those translations turned out to be an effective expedient  , but only when an appropriate threshold on cumulative probability was selected. The combination of our approach with the MT system leads to a high effectiveness of 105% of that of monolingual IR. Experience has shown that several factors make it hard to obtain statistically significant results in CLIR evaluations . The goal of cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR is to find documents in one language for queries in another language. Therefore  , we cannot draw a firm conclusion about the retrieval advantage of probabilistic CLIR without further study. Figure  1shows the results. For retrieving newspaper articles  , we used <DESCRIPTION> and a combination of <DESCRIPTION> and <NARRATIVE>  , extracted from all 42 topics in the NTCIR-3 CLIR collection. While NEs have been worked on extensively in IR and CLIR  , transliterated queries where the text  , in addition to NE  , is represented in the script of another language  , typically English  , have not received adequate attention. Experiments on the TREC-5/6 English-Chinese CLIR task show that our new approach yields promising although not statistically significant improvements over that baseline. In future work we plan to try this approach for document translation where we would expect greater benefit from context  , although with higher computational cost  , at least in experimental settings. This task is similar to cross-language information retrieval CLIR  , and so we will refer to it as cross-temporal retrieval CTIR. On the other hand  , there is a rich literature addressing the related problem of Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval CLIR. Two approaches can be distinguished: 1. translation-based systems either translate queries into the document language or languages  , or they translate documents into the query language 2. In this case  , the alignments help overcome the problem of different RSV scales. Results for the strategies just described on the TREC-6 CLIR collection are presented in the following: Figure 2shows a comparison of using alignments alone  , using a dictionary pseudo-translation and then using both methods combined  , i.e. doing initial retrieval using a dictionary translation  , and then improving this translation using the alignments  , as outlined above. Some caution is appropriate with regard to the scope of the conclusions because this was the first year with a CLIR task at the TREC conference  , and the size of the query set was rather small. Cross-language retrieval supports the users of multilingual document collections by allowing them to submit queries in one language  , and retrieve documents in any of the languages covered by the retrieval system. Several studies recognized that the problem of translating OOV has a significant impact on the performance of CLIR systems 8 ,9. In the following subsections  , we will present the results obtained with the different configurations adopter for evaluating the proposed CLIR system. Indeed  , in all experiments performed on our document collection  , the usage sole or combined of the two described ontologies outperformed our baseline. The implemented approach has been applied to a document collection built in the context of the Organic. Lingua EU-funded project where documents are domain-specific and where they have been annotated with concepts coming from domain-specific ontologies. We opt for ADD-BASIC as the composition model unless noted otherwise. This provides ground truth to evaluate the effectiveness of the two translation approaches discussed above: machine translation in this case  , we used Google Translate 1  and direct vector projection using the CLIR approach. Thus  , the collections in two languages are converted into a single collection of document vectors in the target language . Thus  , the computation cost of the maximum coherence model is modest for real CLIR practice  , if not overestimated. Intrinsic to the problem is a need to transform the query  , document  , or both  , into a common terminological representation  , using available translation resources. The effectiveness of both corpus and dictionary-based resources was artificially lowered by randomly translating different proportions of query terms  , simulating variability in the coverage of resources. Since the main purpose of these experiments was to examine if the proposed approach can help conventional approaches for CLIR  , we simply used some basic techniques of query expansion and phrase translation in our experiments. The task of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR addresses a situation when a query is posed in one language but the system is expected to return the documents written in another language. The goals of our fellowship are to raise awareness of the need for proper data management and preservation as well as to promote data curation as a professional activity. For CLIR  , the requirements are much less: It only requires the model to provide a list of the most probable translation words without taking into account syntactic aspects. The CLIR experiments on TREC collections show that the decaying co-occurrence method performs better than the basic cooccurrence method  , and the triple translation model brings additional improvements. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 provides a brief description on the related work. As the problem of translation selection in CLIR is similar to this expansion task  , we can expect a similar effect with the decaying factor. Using pivots doubles the number of translations performed in a CLIR system  , therefore  , increasing the likelihood of translation error  , caused mainly by incorrect identification of the senses of ambiguous words. In this paper we describe English-Japanese CLIR experiments using the standard BMIR-J2 Japanese text collection 4. Our approach to CLIR takes advantage of machine translation MT to prepare a source-language query for use in a target-language retrieval task. The success of dictionary-based CLIR depends on the coverage of the dictionary  , tools for conflating morphological variants  , phrase and proper name recognition  , as well as word sense disam- biguation 13 . We consider automatic lexicon acquisition techniques to be a key issue for any sort of dictionary-based efforts in IR  , CLIR in particular . In this paper we present a system for cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR working over the multilingual corpora of European Legislation Acquis Communautaire 1. For what concerns the query-document model  , this is often referred to as language model approach and has been already applied for monolingual IR see the extensive review in 19 and CLIR 5. Our CLIR experiments used the Lucy search engine developed by the Search Engine Group 5 at RMIT University. These terms may help focus on the query topic and bring more translated terms that together are useful for disambiguating the translation. These problems explain why CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than the monolingual runs  , even with the best translation tools of the world. On the other hand  , if we compare the probabilistic translation models with other translations means in particular  , with MT systems  , their performances are very close Nie99. We hope  , however  , that this will encourage these people to participate in the future  , thus increasing the size of the pool. These interfaces provide query translation from the source language into the target languages using bilingual dictionaries . The document collection used in the TREC-2001 CLIR track consisted of 383 ,872 newswire stories that appeared on the Agence France Press AFP Arabic Newswire between 1994 and 2000. The documents were represented in Unicode and encoded in UTF-8  , resulting in a 896 MB collection. The TREC-2001 CLIR track focussed this year on searching Arabic documents using English  , French or Arabic queries. Cross-language Information Retrieval CLIR is the task of finding documents that are written in one language e.g. 2Sakhr's Arabic/English CLIR system is one example an automated technique for converting an unstructured term-to-term translation dictionary into a structured dictionary. It is intuitive that the LM-UNI model will lead to much better results in the monolingual setting  , as the amount of shared words between different languages is typically very limited  , and therefore other representations for CLIR are sought 41 see next. Each of the approaches has shown promise  , but also has disadvantages associated with it. Automatic dictionarytranslationsareattractivebecause they are cost effective and easy to perform  , resources are ily available  , and performance is similar to that of other CLIR methods. Table 13shows the performance of each method as measured by average precision and percentage of monolingual performance  , LCA  , which typically expands queries with muki-term phrases  , is more sensitive to translation effects when pm-translation expansion is performed. Usually it is simpler and more efficient to translate queries than to translate documents because queries are generally much shorter than documents. We shall demonstrate that linguistic units such as NP and dependency triples are beneficial to query translation if they can be detected and used properly. This is consistent with the observations on general reasoning: when more information is available and is used in reasoning  , we usually obtain better results. A comparison between the two approaches will show the advantages and disadvantages of using probabilistic term translation for CLIR. The results show that dialect similarity can also affect retrieval performance. The major difference between MT-based CLIR and our approach is that the former uses one translation per term and the latter uses multiple translations. Therefore in the University of Tampere we have adopted the dictionary-based method for our CLIR studies. The results presented in this paper show that MRD-based CLIR queries perform almost as well as monolingual queries  , if domain specific MRD is used together with general MRD and queries are structured on the basis of the output of dictionaries . It is possible to address automatically the domain specific terms of queries to the correct dictionaries  , because different domains have different terminologies. Therefore  , as the study attacked the translation polysemy and the dictionary coverage problems  , the results are applicable to most languages  , even though phrases can lower the relative performance of CLIR in some languages. So they may help improve CLIR by leveraging the relevant queries frequently used by users. Moreover  , it can extract semantically relevant query translations to benefit CLIR. We are interested in realizing: whether this nice characteristic makes it possible for the bilingual translations of a large number of unknown query terms to be automatically extracted; and whether the extracted bilingual translations if any can effectively improve CLIR performance. The proposed approach was found to be effective in extracting correct translations of unknown query terms contained in the NTCIR-2 title queries and real-world Web queries. A model-based approach usually utilizes the existing statistical machine translation models that were developed by the IBM group 3. Our empirical study with documents from ImageCLEF has shown that this approach is more effective than the translation-based approach that directly applies the online translation system to translate queries. Figure 1shows that if one of the query terms is not translated x-axis  , how the corresponding AP y-axis changes using the correct translations of the rest of terms as a query. Statistical features consistently achieve better R 2 than CLIR features  , which are followed by linguistic features R 2 of linguistic features is the same across different corpora since such properties remain still despite change of languages. For a non-OOV term  , we show that if there exists an effective translation in dictionaries  , it is suggested that translating si would help CLIR performance. Groups such as ETH 15  , and a collaboration between the University of Colorado  , Duke University and Microsoft 21 investigated corpus based methods. Combining the UMLS Metathesaurus with a MEDLINE test database enables an empirical investigation of a high quality multilingual thesaurus as a resource for free-text based CLIR using two broad approaches: document translation and query translation. As anticipated  , performance is still behind dictionary independent methods using parallel corpora lo. We first showcase DO and HSA on two document similarity tasks: prior-art patent search 10 and the cross-language IR CLIR task of finding document translations 4. On the patent retrieval task  , following the experimental setup of 10  , model performance was evaluated using MAP computed over 372 queries and a test collection of 70k patents. However  , specific non-dictionary nouns and proper names often supply key evidence on the relevance of documents with respect to a query. In this case  , the distribution figures suggest that the TRT based fuzzy translation technique is viable in operational CLIR systems  , the noise being acceptable. A novel method for CLIR which exploits the structural similarity among MDS-based monolingual projections of a multilingual collection was proposed. In terms of computation  , the two methods are equally efficient since the joint and marginal probabilities used in computing PMI can be easily derived from the counts of A  , B  , C and D defined in 4.2. Another thread of research has focused on translating multiword expressions in order to deal with ambiguity 2  , 28. For example  , the industry standard leverages state-of-theart statistical machine translation SMT to translate the query into the target language  , in which standard retrieval is performed 4 . Various publications have investigated different methods of system combination for CLIR  , including logical operations on retrieved sets 3   , voting procedures based on retrieval scores 1  , or machine learning techniques that learn combination weights directly from relevance rankings 14. We evaluated our approach on the English-Chinese CLIR task of TREC-5/6: although we did not observe significant improvements  , we feel that this approach is nevertheless promising. Current methods of solving this problem have difficulty in tuning parameters and handling terms that are not registered in a dictionary  , when applied to large-scale and/or distributed digital libraries. Cross-language information retrieval CLIR has emerged as an important research area since the amount of multilingual web resources is increasing rapidly. Such records are also found in the Mainichi newspaper collection but they are excluded from the NTCIR-3 CLIR-J-J evaluation. Despite such biases  , the MEDLINE collection seems to close to the Japanese newspaper collections see Table  5 rather than the Patent collections. The discussed approach uses domain-specific ontologies for increasing the effectiveness of already-available machine translation services like Microsoft Bing 1 and Google Translate 2  by expanding the queries with concepts coming from the ontologies. In this paper we consider a specific bi-language DL—the Niupepa 1 collection—and examine how the default language setting of the DL interface affects usage. Results and performances of different models and combinations are described in The proposed two-stages model using comparable corpora '4' showed a better improvement in average precision compared to '3'  , the simple model one stage and approached the performance of the dictionary-based model '2' with 79.02%. Because statistical wordto-word translation models were available for use in our CLIR experiments  , we elected to find candidate synonyms by looking for words in the same language that were linked by a common translation. The importance of the technique and the study lies in it introduces a novel and effective way of using statistical translation knowledge for searching information across language boundaries. Based on the above consideration  , we apply example-based query phrase translation in our Chinese-English CLIR system  , and the experiments achieve good results. Regarding translation resources for CLIR  , we believe that two points are widely agreed upon:  resources are scarce and difficult to use; and  resources with greater lexical coverage are preferable. Ballesteros and Croft explored query expansion methods for CLIR and reported " combining pre-and post-translation expansion is most effective and improves precision and recall. " Their results showed that the effectiveness of cross-language retrieval was almost the same as that of monolingual retrieval. They found that posttranslation query expansion  , i.e. Our CLIR method uses an off-the-shelf IR system for indexing and retrieving the documents. This makes the results directly comparable to the ones reported by participants of the TREC-6 CLIR task. A variety of research has also examined the multilingual mapping of different knowledge organization systems such as thesauri or subject headings in order to support CLIR in multilingual library collections. In TREC-9  , Microsoft Research China MSRCN  , together with Prof. Jian-Yun Nie from University of Montreal  , participated for the first time in the English- Chinese Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR track. In section 3  , we describe in detail the proposed method --improved lexicon-based query term translation  , and compare with the method using a machine translation MT system in CLIR. For the Cross-Lingual Arabic Information retrieval  , our automatic effort concentrated on the two categories; English-Arabic Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR and monolingual information retrieval. We plan to use 50 new topics in the same languages and to ask participating teams to also rerun the 25 topics from this year with their improved systems as a way of further enriching the existing pools of documents that have been judged for relevance. While the libraries are focusing on the customization of existing tools  , such as the The CLIR/DLF fellow at Indiana University has been placed within the D2I Center as a liaison to the libraries. One of the projects that build upon the library-D2I partnership is the NSFfunded DataNet project  , called Sustainable Environment- Actionable Data SEAD. We have looked in detail at the OOV problem as it applies to Chinese-English and English-Chinese CLIR. The tracks consist of 33 and 47 topics  , respectively  , which are provided both in extended Title+Description+Narrative and synthetic Title+Description forms. We implemented this by starting with the most likely translation and adding additional translations in order of decreasing probability until the cumulative probability of the selected translations reached a preset threshold that was determined through experimentation using the TREC-2001 CLIR collection. Last year  , in TREC7  , we compared three possible approaches to CLIR for French and English  , namely  , the approach based on a bilingual dictionary  , the approach based on a machine translation MT system  , and the approach based on a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts. We adopted MT-based query translation as our way of bridging the language gap between the source language SL and the target language TL. Using these measures  , PRF appears beneficial in most CLIR experiments  , as using PRF seems to consistently produce higher average precision than baseline systems. In this paper  , we will describe the construction of a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts and its use in CLIR. For this  , a parallel corpus of lower quality still can provide reasonably good query translations. This paper proposed two statistical models for dealing with the problem of query translation ambiguity. Our work strongly suggests that a lexical triangulation approach to transitive translation can have a beneficial effect on retrieval. A non-technical issue of use of pivots that must be examined is a study of existing translation resources to determine the range of resources available to researchers and users of CLIR systems. Our results suggest that FMT can perform substantially better than DTL methods and is generally robust to a lack of linguistic structure in queries. Pirkola appears to have been the first to try separately estimating TF and DF for query terms in a CLIR application 13  , using the InQuery synonym operator to implement what he called " structured queries. " The paper then concludes with some notes on limitations of the new techniques and opportunities for future work on this problem. Two teams from the University of Massachusetts 9 and the University of Maryland 2 tried variants of this approach for Text Retrieval Conference's CLIR track in 2002. Therefore  , as with CLIR  , WTF/DF is clearly the preferred technique in this application. C3 We construct a novel unified framework for ad-hoc monolingual MoIR and cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR which relies on the induced word embeddings and constructed query and document embeddings. end  , we rely on two key modeling assumptions: 1 We treat documents and queries as bags of words and do not impose any syntactic information to the document structure. In summary  , we have created a unified framework for MoIR and CLIR which relies solely on word embeddings induced in an unsupervised fashion from document-aligned comparable data. We address this problem by discriminative training techniques which are widely used in the SMT community  , and use automatically constructed relevance judgments from linked data. The main problems observed are: 1 the dictionary may have a poor coverage; and 2 it is difficult to select the correct translation of a word among all the translations provided by the dictionary. We first carried out a set of preliminary experiments to investigate the impact of lexicon sources  , phrase  , and ambiguity on query translation. The bad effectiveness in these cases is not due to translation  , but to the high difficulty of query topics. One common approach  , known as "query translation ," is to translate each query term and then perform monolingnal retrieval in the language of the document 11. The aim of cross-language information retrieval CLIR is to use a query in one language to search a corpus in a different language. To understand the fingerprinting analogy  , imagine the documents of one language stacked on a pile  , next to a pile that has the translations in the same order as the original. Suppose we are interested in using the projections of figure 1 for performing CLIR of new documents  , any of the three monolingual maps can be actually used for the retrieval task. Although MSIR has attained very little attention explicitly   , many tangentially related problems like CLIR and transliteration for IR do discuss some of the issues of MSIR. The results show that this new " translation " method is more effective than the traditional query translation method. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 introduces the related work; Section 3 describes in detail the discriminative model for estimating cross-lingual query similarity; Section 4 presents a new CLIR approach using cross-lingual query suggestion as a bridge across language boundaries. The new CLIR performance in terms of average precision is shown in Table 3. BSBM supposes a realistic web application where the users can browse products and reviews. BSBM generates a query mix based on 12 queries template and 40 predicates. We randomly generated 100 different query mix of the " explore " use-case of BSBM. Each dataset has its own community of 50 clients running BSBM queries. On the BSBM dataset  , the performance of all systems is comparable for small dataset sizes  , but RW-TR scales better to large dataset sizes  , for the largest BSBM dataset it is on average up to 10 times faster than Sesame and up to 25 times faster than Virtuoso. This behavior promotes the local cache. Two synthetic datasets generated using RDF benchmark generators BSBM 2 and SP2B 3 were used for scalability evaluation. We extend the BSBM by trust assessments. The BSBM executes a mix of 12 SPARQL queries over generated sets of RDF data; the datasets are scalable to different sizes based on a scaling factor. The queries are in line with the BSBM mix of SPARQL queries and with the BSBM e-commerce use case that considers products as well as offers and reviews for these products. Due to space limitations   , we do not present our queries in detail; we refer the reader to the tSPARQL specification instead. The sp2b uses bibliographic data from dblp 12 as its test data set  , while the bsbm benchmark considers eCommerce as its subject area. This is normal because the cache has a limited size and the temporal locality of the cache reduce its utility. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. We compare the native SQL queries N  , which are specified in the BSBM benchmark with the ones resulting from the translation of SPARQL queries generated by Morph. 5 BSBM is currently focused on SPARQL queries  , therefore we plan to develop a set of representative SPARQL/Update operations to cover all features of our approach. We found that for the BSBM dataset/queries the average execution time stays approximately the same  , while the geometric mean slightly increases. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark 17 BSBM also generates fulltext content and person names. Figure 6 shows the results of these evaluations. For more details of the evaluation framework please refer to 15 ,16. Therefore  , 5 entries in the profile is sometimes not enough to compute a good similarity. The experimental results in Table 5show that exploiting the emergent relational schema even in this very preliminary implementation already improves the performance of Virtuoso on a number of BSBM Explore queries by up to a factor of 5.8 Q3  , Hot run. The geometric mean does not change dramatically  , because most queries do not touch more data on a larger dataset. Finally  , we present our conclusions and future work in Section 5. We also take into account that resources of BSBM data fall into different classes. We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator  , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method. Our extension  , available from the project website  , reads the named graphs-based datasets  , generates a consumer-specific trust value for each named graph  , and creates an assessments graph. Figure 6shows the distribution of queries over clients. The size of table productfeatureproduct is significantly bigger than the table product 280K rows vs 5M rows. For the LUBM dataset/queries the geometric mean stays approximately the same  , whilst the average execution time decreases. We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 2 to set up the experiment environment. We generate co-reference for each class separately to make sure that resources are only equivalent to those of the same class. In Section 4 we describe our evaluation using the BSBM synthetic benchmark  , and three positive experiences of applying our approach in real case projects. Figure 4bshows that the number of calls answered by caches are proportional with the size of the cache. As in the previous experimentation  , we run a new experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M hosted on the same LDF server with 2 different URLs. Two set of queries are used to perform two tasks: building a type summary and calculating some bibliometrics-based summary.  BSBM SQL 4 contains a join between two tables product and producttypeproduct and three subqueries  , two of them are used as OR operators. The flow of BSBM queries simulates a real user interacting with a web application. The SP 2 Bench and BSBM were not considered for our RDF fulltext benchmark simply due to the fact of their very recent publication. The BSBM benchmark 1 is built around an e-commerce use case  , and its data generator supports the creation of arbitrarily large datasets using the number of products as scale factor. Although not included here  , we also evaluated those queries using D2R 0.8.1 with the –fast option enabled. The measured total time for a run includes everything from query optimization until the result set is fully traversed  , but the decoding of the results is not forced. During query execution the engine determines trust values with the simple  , provenance-based trust function introduced before. Enriching these benchmarks with real world fulltext content and fulltext queries is very much in our favor. Additionally  , a subset of the realworld data collection Biocyc 1 that consists of 1763 databases describing the genome and metabolic pathways of a single organism was used. Most surprisingly  , the RDFa data that dominates WebDataCommons and even DBpedia is more than 90% regular. For this setting  , the chart in Figure 9b depicts the average times to execute the BSBM query mix; furthermore  , the chart puts the measures in relation to the times obtained for our engine with a trust value cache in the previous experiment. We run an experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M  , hosted on the same LDF server with 2 differents URLs. The BSBM SPARQL queries are designed in such a way that they contain different types of queries and operators  , including SELECT/CONTRUCT/DESCRIBE  , OPTIONAL  , UNION. To understand this behaviour better  , we analyzed the query plans generated by the RDBMS. For BSBM we executed the same ten generated queries from each category  , computed the category average and reported the average and geometric mean over all categories. The Social Intelligence BenchMark SIB 11  is an RDF benchmark that introduces the S3G2 Scalable Structure-correlated Social Graph Generator for generating social graphs that contain certain structural correlations. In the same spirit  , the corresponding SQL queries also consider various properties such as low selectivity  , high selectivity  , inner join  , left outer join  , and union among many others. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. To measure the impact of this extension on query execution times we compare the results of executing our extended version of the BSBM with ARQ and with our tSPARQL query engine. As the chart illustrates  , determing trust values during query execution dominates the query execution time. The data generator is able to generate datasets with different sizes containing entities normally involved in the domain e.g. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. Both benchmarks allow for the creation of arbitrary sized data sets  , although the number of attributes for any given class is lower than the numbers found in the ssa. While the BSBM benchmark is considered as a standard way of evaluating RDB2RDF approaches  , given the fact that it is very comprehensive  , we were also interested in analysing real-world queries from projects that we had access to  , and where there were issues with respect to the performance of the SPARQL to SQL query rewriting approach. The BSBM benchmark 5  focuses on the e-commerce domain and provides a data generation tool and a set of twelve SPARQL queries together with their corresponding SQL queries generated by hand. In all the cases  , we compare the queries generated by D2R Server with –fast enabled with the queries generated by Morph with subquery and self-join elimination enabled. However  , this optimization can lead to starvation of certain types of transactions. The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with single-point contact. to increase efficiency or the field's yield  , in economic or environmental terms. The optimization problem presented in Section II is strongly limited by local mimima see Section IV-B for examples. It is applicable to a variety of static and dynamic cost functions   , such as distance and motion time. It combines a global combinatorial optimization in the position space with a local dynamic optimization to yield the global optimal path. For some scenarios  , our strategies yield provably optimal plans; for others the strategies are heuristic ones. Otherwise  , the resulting plans may yield erroneous results. The carry-over optimization can yield substantial reductionq in the number of lock requests per transaction . The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with two-point contact. Why this popular approach does not often yield the least deviation is explained by example. The optimization yields the optimal path and exploits the available kinematic and actuator redundancy to yield optimal joint trajectories and actuator forces/torques. Other  , more sophisticated IBT approaches using the maximum subsequence optimization may still yield improvement  , but we leave this as future work. In this paper  , only triangular membership functions are coded for optimization. Since this type of predictions involve larger temporal horizons and needs to use both the controller organization and modalities  , it may yield larger errors. In 5 some numeric values for the components of the joint axis vectors and distance vectors to the manipulator tip were found  , for whiclr the Jacobian matrices have condition numbers of 1. However  , they become computationally expensive for large manufacturing lines i.e. ii it discards immediately irrelevant tuples. The original query is transformed into syntactically different  , but semantically equivalent t queries  , which may possibly yield a more efficient execution planS. The recursive optimization techniques  , when applied to small manufacturing lines  , yield the solution with reasonable computational effort. Many optimization methods were also developed for group elevator scheduling. Reusing existing GROUP BY optimization logic can yield an efficient PIVOT implementation without significant changes to existing code. As a consequence  , for a given problem the rule-based optimization always yield to the same set of solutions. Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. This gives the opportunity of performing an individual  , " customized " optimization for both streams. In our case online position estimates of the mapping car can be refined by offline optimization methods Thrun and Montemerlo  , 2005 to yield position accuracy below 0.15 m  , or with a similar accuracy onboard the car by localizing with a map constructed from the offline optimization. second optimization in conjunction with uces the plan search space by using cost-based heuristics. 2 Performance stability: Caret-optimized classifiers are at least as stable as classifiers that are trained using the default settings. Finally  , we would like to emphasize that we do not seek to claim the generalization of our results. Our measurements prove that our optimization technique can yield significant speedups  , speedups that are better in most cases than those achieved by magic sets or the NRSU-transformation. The joint motion can be obtained by local optimization of a single performance criterion or multiple criteria even though local methods may not yield the best joint trajectory. Some of them suppose a particular geometry planar or with three intersecting axes  , others a fixed kinematic joint type or general mobilities  or even no constraints in the optimization no obstacle avoidance for instance. The primary advantage over the implicit integration method of Anitescu and Potra is the lower running time that such alternative methods can yield  , as the results in Table Ican testify. The method is based on looking at the kinematic parameters of a manipulator as the variables in the problem  , and using methods of constrained optimization to yield a solution. This method consists of a hierarchical search for the best path in a tessellated space  , which is used as the initial conditions for a local path optimization to yield the global optimal path. However  , this requires that the environment appropriately associate branch counts and other information with the source or that all experiments that yield that information be redone each time the source changes. Further research into query optimization techniques for Ad-Hoc search would be fruitful: this would also require an investigation into the trade offs with respect to effectiveness and efficiency found with such techniques. While this method works for relatively low degree-of-freedom manipulators  , there is a 'cross over' point beyond which the problem becomes overdetermined   , and an exact solution cannot be guaranteed. These benefits include verification of architectural constraints on component compositions  , and increased opporttmities for optimization between components. In addition  , applications that use these services do not have the ability to pick and choose optional features  , though new optimization techniques may remove unused code from the application after the fact 35. Moreover  , a fixed point for each motion primitive By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. Then we use: The same optimization except for the absorption of new would yield a structuring scheme which creates objects only for lm aliases. This is an important optimization since indeed the volumes in each time interval yield a sparse vector. They are more suitable for real-time control in a sensor-based control environment. In order to verify that the optimization results do indeed yield a gear box mechanism that produces in-phase flapping that is maintained even during asymmetric wing motion  , a kinematic evaluation was conducted by computational simulation and verified by experiment. Now  , the optimization problem reduces to estimating the coefficients by maximizing the log-posterior which is the sum of the log-likelihood Eq. It eliminates the main weakness of the NRSU-transformation: it works even when input arguments are variables  , not constants   , and hence it can be applied to far more calls in deductive database programs. Subsequent optimization steps then work on smaller subsets of the data Below  , we briefly discuss the CGLS and Line search procedures. The final results show Q2 being used for root-finding instead of optimization. By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. The multitask case was thought to be more demanding because more obstacles and paths must be accommodated using the same  , limited parameter space that was used individual task optimization  , meaning that the number of well fit solutions should decrease markedly. Since optimization of queries is expensive   , it is appropriate that we eliminate queries that are not promising  , i.e. The following table lists all combinations of metric and distance-combining function and indicates whether a precomputational scheme is available ++  , or  , alternatively   , whether early abort of distance combination is expected to yield significant cost reduction +: distance-combining func But IO-costs dominate with such queries  , and the effect of the optimization is limited. However  , to increase opportunities for optimization   , all AQ i are combined into one audit query AQ whose output is a set of query identifiers corresponding to those AQ i that yield non-empty results. In contrast  , last criterion   , which is typical of schemes generally seen in the robotics literature  , yields analytical expressions for the trajectory and locally-optimal solutions for joint rates and actuator forces. Subsequently  , the starting parameters which yield the best optimization result of the 100 trials is taken as global optimium. Autonomic computing is a grand challenge  , requiring advances in several fields of science and technology  , particularly systems  , software architecture and engineering  , human-system interfaces  , policy  , modeling  , optimization  , and many branches of artificial intelligence such as planning  , learning  , knowledge representation and reasoning  , multiagent systems  , negotiation  , and emergent behavior. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantial benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. The rationale of using M codebooks instead of single codebook to approximate each input datum is to further minimize quantization error  , as the latter is shown to yield significantly lossy compression and incur evident performance drop 30  , 3. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantially benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. Que TwigS TwigStack/PRIX from 28  , 29 / ToXinScan vs. X that characterize the ce of an XML query optimizer that takes conjunction with two summary pruning ugmented with data r provides similar se of system catalog information in optimization strategy  ,   , which reduces space by identifying at contain the query a that suggest that  , can easily yield ude. the necessary hard constraints have been applied to yield a feasible solution space defined on the PCM  , any path on the PCM  , from the point corresponding to the initial position of the robot to a point on the T G S   , will give rise to a valid solution for the interception problem. will not yield an autonomic computing system unless the elements share a set of common behaviors  , interfaces and interaction patterns that are demonstrably capable of engendering system-level selfmanagement . We can briefly show why the Clarke-Tax approach maximizes the users' truthfulness by an additional  , simpler example. The tax levied by user i is computed based on the Clarke Tax formulation as follows: We consider the fixed cost to be equal to 0. The Clarke-Tax mechanism is appealing for several reasons . Under the Clarke-Tax  , users are required to indicate their privacy preference  , along with their perceived importance of the expressed preference. In Section 5  , we describe our proposed framework which is based on the Clarke Tax mechanism. We utilize the Clarke Tax mechanism that maximizes the social utility function by encouraging truthfulness among the individuals  , regardless of other individuals choices. We present our applied approach  , detailed system implementation and experimental results in the context of Facebook in Section 6. Second   , the Clarke-Tax has proven to have important desirable properties: it is not manipulable by individuals  , it promotes truthfulness among users 11  , and finally it is simple. Simplicity is a fundamental requirement in the design of solutions for this type of problems  , where users most likely have limited knowledge on how to protect their privacy through more sophisticated approaches. Similarity search A scoring function like a sequence kernel 9 is designed to measure similarity between formulae for similarity search. Both key similarity search steps are covered by the generic similarity search model Section 3. Similarity search 15 allows users to search for pictures similar to pictures chosen as queries. While the similarity is higher than a given threshold  , Candidate Page Getter gathers next N search results form search engine APIs and hands them to Similarity Analyzer. We then propose four basic types of formula search queries: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. The system can be accessed from: http: //eil.cs.txstate.edu/ServiceXplorer. To motivate similarity search for web services  , consider the following typical scenario. The distinction between search and target concept is especially important for asymmetric similarity. At last  , all gathered pages are reranked with their similarity. After receiving N search results from high ranking  , Similarity Analyzer calculates the similarity  , defined in 2.4  , between the seed-text and search result Web pages. Alternatively  , search results from a generic search engine can also be used  , where similarity between retrieved pages can be measured instead. ServiceXplorer also offers an advanced similarity search that enables users to locate services by selecting different index structures  , specifying QoS parameters and comparing the search performance with that of VSM. Generally  , a chemical similarity search is to search molecules with similar structures as the query molecule. Interactive-time similarity search is particularly useful when the search consists of several steps. Many applications with similarity search often involve a large amount of data  , which demands effective and efficient solutions. distances to cosine similarity  , and further convert cosine similarity to L2 distance with saved 2-norms. Similarity name search Similarity name searches return names that are similar to the query. We propose four types of queries for chemical formula search: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. structural similarity and keyword search use IR techniques. In this paper  , we discuss a new method for conceptual similarity search for text using word-chaining which admits more efficient document-to-document similarity search than the standard inverted index  , while preserving better quality of results. For similarity search under cosine similarity  , this works well  , for only similarity close to 1 is interesting. But performance is a problem if dimensionality is high. The Composite search mode supports queries where multiple elements can be combined. The combined search aggregates text and visual similarity. Unfortunately  , there is no available ground truth in the form of either exact document-document similarity values or correct similarity search results. In this paper  , we focus on similarity search with edit distance thresholds. Ideally  , a similarity search system should be able to achieve high-quality search with high speed  , while using a small amount of space. Oyama and Tanaka 11 proposed a topic-structure-based search technique for Web similarity searching. The LSH Forest can be applied for constructing mainmemory   , disk-based  , parallel and peer-to-peer indexes for similarity search. MILOS indexes this tag with a special index to offer efficient similarity search. Among them hash-based methods were received more attention due to its ability of solving similarity search in high dimensional space. Similarity search has been a topic of much research in recent years. Previous methods fall into two major categories based on different criteria to measure similarity. Concept similarity relies on a general ontology and a domain map built on the sub-collection. For Web pages  , the problem is less serious because pages are usually longer than search queries. Retrieved ranked results of similarity and substring name search before and after segmentation-based index pruning are highly correlated. 10 also constructed a similarity graph  , where nodes are the images e.g. The browser never applies content-similarity search on a relevant document more than once. Otherwise  , pattern search would be a generalized form of the similarity search approach  , which makes it hard to compare them. The method using HTS only requires 35% of the time for similarity name search compared with the method using all substrings. This section describes the assumptions  , and discusses their relevance to practical similarity-search problems. In other words  , the similarity between bid phrases may help when pursuing a precision oriented ad search. There is no formal definition for operation similarity  , because  , just like in other types of search  , similarity depends on the specific goal in the user's mind. Also  , our method is based on search behavior similarity and not only on content similarity. Users begin a search for web services by entering keywords relevant to the search goal. Another useful search option is offered by video OCR. NN-search is a common way to implement similarity search. Previous results may serve as a source of inspiration for new similarity search queries for refining search intentions. We can rank the search results based on these similarity scores. The real problem lies in defining similarity. Our approach is feature-based similarity search  , where substring features are used to measure the similarity. Usually only frequency formula search is supported by current chemistry information systems. All similarity matrices we applied were derived from our color similarity search system. Alternatives to this included using past clicked urls and their time to calculate similarity with the current search documents and using past clicked urls and time to calculate the similarity between clicked documents and search documents  , then predict the time for search documents. They were successfully used for color histogram similarity Fal+ 941 Haf+ 951 SK97  , 3-D shape similarity KSS 971 KS 981  , pixel-based similarity AKS 981  , and several other similarity models Sei 971. From there  , users can refine their queries by choosing a picture in the result to submit a new similarity search or to submit a complex search query  , which combines similarity and fielded search. The first two perform the similarity selection and correspond to the two traditional types of similarity search: the Range query Rq and the k-Nearest Neigbor query k-NNq 3. As a result  , we derive a similarity search function that supports Type-2 and 3 pattern similarities. Some simple context search methods use the similarity measure to compute similarity between a document and context bag-of-words or word vector. The MILOS native XML database/repository supports high performance search and retrieval on heavily structured XML documents  , relying on specific index structures 3 ,14  , as well as full text search 13  , automatic classification 8   , and feature similarity search 5. An ǫ-NN graph is different from a K-NNG in that undirected edges are established between all pairs of points with a similarity above ǫ. all pairs similarity search or similarity join 2  , 22  , 21. It is also possible that some relevant documents may be retrieved by document-document similarity only and not via query-document similarity. For estimating L2 distance  , however   , we actually want low error across the whole range. For similarity search and substructure search  , to evaluate the search results ranked by the scoring function  , enough domain knowledge is required. Similarity search in 3D point sets has been studied extensively . 28 suggested a search-snippet-based similarity measure for short texts. The similarity between two strings can be measured by different metrics such as edit distance  , Jaccard similarity  , and cosine similarity. Finally  , we describe relevance scoring functions corresponding to the types of queries. As mentioned before  , substructure search and similarity search are common and important for structure search  , but not for formula search  , because formulae do not contain enough tructural information. We have presented a self-tuning index for similarity search called LSH Forest. In addition  , speech recognition errors hurt the performance of voice search significantly. The all-pairs similarity search problem has also been addressed in the database community  , where it is known as the similarity join problem 1  , 7  , 21. The similarity between the target document d corresponding to query q and the search results Sj   , j = 1.m  , is computed as the cosine similarity of their corresponding vectorial representations. Moreover  , ranking documents with respect to a pattern query that contains multiple similarity constraints is a complex problem that should be addressed after the more basic problem of capturing the similarity of two math expressions discussed in this paper is addressed. In the simple similarity search interface  , a user can type a single keyword or multiple keywords  , and our system will return the relevant services to the user. The search of a meaningful representation of the time series   , and the search of an appropriate similarity measure for comparing time series. There are two major challenges for using similarity search in large scale data: storing the large data and retrieving desired data efficiently. It allowed them to search using criteria that are hard to express in words. " The query language of SphereSearch combines concept-aware keyword-based search with specific additions for abstraction-aware similarity search and context-aware ranking. An important conceptional distinction in time series similarity search is between global and partial search. While in global search whole time series are compared  , partial search identifies similar subsequences. Section 3 formally defines the similarity search problem for web services. A third of the participants commented favorably on the search by similarity feature. They showed in experiments that their approach attained significant over 90% accuracy in segmenting and matching search tasks. The benefit of taking into account the search result count is twofold. This gives us two similarity values for each search result. Because frequent k-n-match search is the final technique we use to performance similarity search  , we focus on frequent k-n-match search instead of k-n-match search. Similarity measures that are based on search result similarity 8 are not necessarily correlated with reformulation likelihood. This possibility can be particularly useful to retrieve poorly described pictures. Clicking on a picture launches the visual similarity search. However   , our solution  , D-Search can handle categorical distributions as well as numerical ones. It has some similarity with traditional text search  , but it also has some features that are different from normal text search. The problem of similarity search refers to finding objects that have similar characteristics to the query object. We will compare our technique to standard similarity search on the inverted index in terms of quality  , storage  , and search efficiency. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces  , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. Similarity search in the time-series database encounters a serious problem in high dimensional space  , known as the " curse of dimensionality " . To achieve high search accuracy  , the LSH method needs to use multiple hash tables to produce a good candidate set. The search and retrieval interface Figure 2 allows users to find videos by combining full text  , image similarity  , and exact/partial match search. However  , due to the well recognized semantic gap problem 1  , the accuracy and the recall of image similarity search are often still low. So in conclusion  , structural similarity search seems to be the best way for general users to search for mathematical expressions  , but we hypothesize that pattern search may be the preferred approach for experienced users in specific domains. Similarity-based search of Web services has been a challenging issue over the years. study 16 shows that such similarity is not sufficient for a successful code example search. by similarity to a single selected document. directly applied traditional hashing methods for similarity search  , and significant speedup e.g. When F reqmin is larger  , the correlation curves decrease especially for substring search. For the text search  , we make a use of the functionalities of the full-text search engine library. Figure 2gives an example of image similarity search. Section 2 reviews previous works on similarity search. These two are traditional hashing methods for similarity search. Chain search is done by computing similarity between the selected result and all other content based on the common indices. The techniques discussed in this paper can be used for dramatically improving the search quality as well as search efficiency. This might be particular interesting for documents of very central actors. Chein and Immorlica 2005 showed semantic similarity between search queries with no lexical overlap e.g. Observed from the search results  , this method ranks the images mainly according to the color similarity  , which mistakenly interprets the search intention. Although jaccard similarity is not a metric of search performance  , it can help us analyze the novelty of search results. As will be discussed later on  , the effectiveness of similarity hashing results from the fact that the recall is controlled in terms of the similarity threshold θ for a given similarity measure ϕ. Search quality is measured by recall. ExactMatch or NormalizedExactMatch are essentially pattern search with poorly formed queries. Most search systems used in recent years have been relational database systems. -Term distance method Dist This method uses the following similarity measure in place of the cosine similarity in Cosine. Many applications require that the similarity function reflects mutual dependencies of components in feature vectors  , e.g. Such queries are very frequent in a multitude of applications including a multimedia similarity search on images  , audio  , etc. We developed a family of referencebased indexing techniques. esmimax: This system is to use semantic similarity score to rank search engines for each query. One may note that the above type of similarity measure for search request formulations may be applied to any description of both query and document. Various visual features including color histograms  , text  , camera movement  , face detection  , and moving objects can be utilized to define the similarity. the one that is to be classified with respect to a similarity or dissimilarity measure. whose similarity to the seed page fell below the lexical similarity threshold used. The earliest attempts of detecting structural similarity go back to computing tree-editing distances 29  , 30  , 32  , 34  , 36. Given a search topic  , a perfect document-to-document similarity method for find-similar makes the topic's relevant documents most similar to each other. The similarity is measured by by mutual information between an entry candidate ei and all concepts C for query q: We hence disambiguate Wiki entries by measuring the similarity between the entires and the topics mentioned in the search queries. Often  , edit distance is used to measure the similarity. The selection of a context concept does not only determine which concepts are compared   , it also affects the measured similarity see section 3.4. We present two methods for estimating term similarity. The underlying similarity measure of interest with minhash is the resemblance also known as the Jaccard similarity. The techniques proposed in this work fall into two categories. CH3COOH. We study the performance of different data fusion techniques for combining search results. Consider  , for instance  , a solution with similarity around 0.8. Each attempt involves a similarity computation; thus the number of attempts rather than steps determines the cost of search. For instance it can be used to search by similarity MPEG-7 visual descriptors. tion  , a spatial-temporal-dependent query similarity model can be constructed. If there are two search results we compute their similarity score and discard the articles if the score is below a threshold  Whenever the page-similarity score is below a threshold y the article is discarded Rule F1. Their proposed model  , namely RoleSim  , has the advantage of utilizing " automorphic equivalence " to improve the quality of similarity search in " role " based applications. In this experiment  , we want to find how different ARIMA temporal similarity is from content similarity. We use Live Search to retrieve top-10 results. Another straightforward application of the socially induced similarity is to enrich Web navigation for knowledge exploration. Near duplicate detection is made possible through similarity search with a very high similarity threshold. T F ·IDF based methods for ranking relevant documents have been proved to be effective for keyword proximity search in text documents. Using such data presentation i.e. Based on search  , target  , and context concept similarity queries may look like the following ones: The selection of a context concept does not only determine which concepts are compared   , it also affects the measured similarity see section 3.4. In the classical non-personalized search engines  , the relevance between a query and a document is assumed to be only decided by the similarity of term matching. Query-biased similarity aims to find similar documents given the context of the user's search and avoid extraneous topics. Evaluating melodic similarity systems has been a MIREX task for several years  , including for incipit similarity specifically . In search engine and community question answering web sites we can always find candidate questions or answers. For each query  , the resources search engines with higher similarity score would be returned. Traditional similarity search methods are difficult to be used directly for large scale data since computing the similarity using the original features i.e. Usually only exact name search and substring name search are supported by current chemistry databases 2. To implement this idea we built a 3 2 x 4 ' -weighted term vector for both the text segment and the text of the article and compute the normalized cosine similarity score. There are many possible ways to represent a document for the purpose of supporting effective similarity search. Topic similarity between query pairs from same session can reflect user search interests in a relative short time. Many studies on similarity search over time-series databases have been conducted in the past decade. For each query reformulation pair  , we calculated the change of search performance measured by nDCG@10 and the similarity of results measured by the Jaccard similarity for the pair of queries' top 10 results. It should be noted that these disadvantages would not be associated with similarity measures which require only the knowledge of the form of search request formulations. Second  , it is interesting to note that  , at least in theory  , for a document set D and a similarity threshold θ a perfect space partitioning for hash-based search can be stated. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that incorporates tight lower bounding and upper bounding distance function and DWT as well as triangle inequality into index for similarity search in time series database. This is also the first piece of work which treats the performance and quality issues of textual similarity search in one unified framework. In this paper  , we discussed a new method for conceptual indexing and similarity search of text. Prior research utilized the integration of IPC code similarity between a query patent and retrieved patents to re-rank the results in the prior art search literature 4 ,5. The main contribution of this paper is a novel Self-Taught Hashing STH approach to semantic hashing for fast similarity search. The ranking is an important part of the Summa search module  , and similarity grouping is handled by the two modules described in this paper. Stein and Meyer zu Eissen introduce the idea of near-similarity search to find plagiarized documents in a large document corpus 9. For a low-dimensional feature space  , similarity search can be carried out efficiently with pre-built space-partitioning index structures such as KD-tree or data-partitioning index structures such as R-tree 7 .  New results of a comparative study between different hashbased search methods are presented Section 4. With the explosive growth of the internet  , a huge amount of data such as texts  , images and video clips have been generated  , which indicates that efficient similarity search with large scale data becomes more important. Semantic hashing 22 is proposed to address the similarity search problem within a high-dimensional feature space. A common approach to similarity search is to extract so-called features from the objects  , e.g. For instance  , in case of an MPEG-7 visual descriptor  , the system administrator can associate an approximate match search index to a specific XML element so that it can be efficiently searched by similarity. With similarity search  , a user can be able to retrieve  , for instance  , pictures of the tour Eiffel by using another picture of the tour Eiffel as a query  , even if the retrieved pictures were not correctly annotated by their owner. Similarity indexing has uses in many web applications such as search engines or in providing close matches for user queries. After having determined how terms are selected and weighted  , we can take into account the domain knowledge contained in the similarity thesaurus to find the most likely intended interpretation for the user's query. When data objects are represented by d-dimensional feature vectors   , the goal of similarity search for a given query object q  , is to find the K objects that are closest to q according to a distance function in the d-dimensional space. The chain search of related content is done by computing similarity between the selected result and all other content based on the integrated indices. The k-n-match problem models the similarity search as matching between the query object and the data objects in n dimensions  , where these n dimensions are determined dynamically to make the query object and the data objects in the answer set match best. Time series similarity search under the Euclidean metric is heavily I/O bound  , however similarity search under DTW is also very demanding in terms of CPU time. One way to address this problem is to use a fast lower bounding function to help prune sequences that could not possibly be a best match. Queries are posted to a reference search engine and the similarity between two queries is measured using the number of common URLs in the top 50 results list returned from the reference search engine. Semantic hashing 33  is used in the case when the requirement for the exactness of the final results is not high  , and the similarity search in the original high dimensional space is not affordable . Fortunately  , hashing has been widely shown as a promising approach to tackle fast similarity search 29. Although the superiority of DTW over Euclidean distance is becoming increasing apparent 191835  , the need for similarity search which is invariant to uniform scaling is not well understood. Since the pioneering work of Agrawal 1 and Faloutsos 2  , there emerged many fruit of research in similarity search of time series. This text similarity approach is also used in userspecified search queries: A user's query is treated just as another document vector  , allowing matching artifacts to be sorted by relevance based on their degree of similarity to the search query. Specifically  , the <VisualDescriptor> tags  , in the figure  , contain scalable color  , color layout  , color structure  , edge histogram  , homogeneous texture information to be used for image similarity search. Extensive works on similarity search have been proposed to find good data-aware hash functions using machine learning techniques. As a second step  , we propose an efficient search procedure on the resulting PLA index to answer similarity queries without introducing any false dismissals. To answer our first research question we evaluate the performance of the baseline bl and subjunctive sj interface on a complex exploratory search task in terms of user interaction statistics and in terms of search patterns. The following function is used: Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. Last for RL4 they use the past queries and the clicked url titles to reform the current query  , search it in indri  , then calculate the similarity between current query and documents. To make this plausible we have formulated hash-based similarity search as a set covering problem. The technique also results in much lower storage requirements because it uses a compressed representation of each document. This work provides an integrated view of qualitatively effective similarity search and performance efficient indexing in text; an issue which has not been addressed before in this domain. Extending our previous work 25  , we propose three basic types of queries for chemical name search: exact name search  , substring name search  , and similarity name search. In this paper we present the architecture of XMLSe a native XML search engine that allows both structure search and approximate content match to be combined with In the first case structure search capabilities are needed  , while in the second case we need approximate content search sometime also referred as similarity search. Do other elements affect the evaluation of a search engine's performance ? First  , we discuss how to analyze the structure of a chemical formula and select features for indexing  , which is important for substructure search and similarity search. However  , there are two reasons that traditional fuzzy search based on edit distance is not used for formula similarity search: 1 Formulae with more similar structures or substructures may have larger edit distance. User search interests can be captured for improving ranking or personalization of search systems 30  , 34  , 36 . Structure search applications offer different query types: beside an exact structure search also sub-/super-structure and similarity searches are possible.  A simple yet expressive query language combines concept-aware keyword-based search with abstraction-aware similarity search and contextaware ranking. The system is capable of contextual search capability which performs eeective document-to-document similarity search. Variants of such measures have also been considered for similarity search and classification 14. In addition to simple keyword searches  , Woogle supports similarity search for web services. For the example question  , a search was done using a typical similarity measure and the bag of content words of the question. In this respect  , blog feed search bears some similarity to resource ranking in federated search. Therefore  , the result of this search paradigm is a list of documents with expressions that match the query. Random pictures can be renewed on demand by the user. In the chemical domain similarity search is centered on chemical entities. It provides complementary search queries that are often hard to verbalize. Understanding feature-concept associations for measuring similarity. For instance  , if we know that the search concept is clouds  , we can weight the blue channel and texture negation predicates more heavily to achieve better search results. Motivated by this  , we propose heuristics for fuzzy formula search based on partial formulae. Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. Equations 1-5 represent a few simple formulas that are used in this study. The language allows grouping of query conditions that refer to the same entity. We can observe that for similarity search  , when more results are retrieved  , the correlation curves decrease  , while for substring search  , the correlation curves increase. We also introduced several query models for chemical formula search  , which are different from keywords searches in IR. Our search engine has access to copies of 3DWare- house and the PSB and can find models by geometric similarity  , original tags  , or autotags. The Reranking is performed by using a similarity measure between a query vector and a web page in the search results. Broad match candidates for a query were generated by calculating cosine similarity between the query vector and all ad vectors. In order to comprehend the behavior of hill climbing under different combinations of search strategies  , we first study the search space for configuration similarity. For each given query  , we use this SEIFscore to rank search engines. The following pairwise features can also be considered  , although they are not used in our experiments. According to the traditional content based similarity measurement  , " Job Search " and " Human Rescues " are not similar at all. As introduced in Section 2  , many current researches use interest profiles to personalize search results 22  , 19  , 6. Sahami & Heilman 2006 30  also measure the relatedness between text snippets by using search engines and a similarity kernel function. Buse and Wiemer 10 discuss that the answers of existing code search engines are usually complicated even after slicing. In this way  , the problem of similarity search is transformed to an interval search problem. the MediaMagic interface  , described below within our laboratory. As a stream of individual entries  , a blog feed can be viewed at multiple levels of granularity. A pairwise feature between two queries could be the similarity of their search results. 36 developed heuristics to promote search results with the same topical category if successive queries in a search session were related by general similarity  , and were not specializations  , generalizations or reformulations. Unfortunately  , the standard Drupal search could not be used for implementing this scenario. Thus  , we demonstrate that our scheme outperforms the standard similarity methods on text on all three measures: quality  , storage  , and search efficiency . For example  , average topic similarity between query pairs from different sessions can help tracing the user search interests during a relative long period. This search task simulates the information re-finding search intent. People  , and fraudulent software  , might click on ads for reasons that have nothing to do with topical similarity or relevance. We also introduce our notation  , and describe some basic and well-known observations concerning similarit ,y search problems in HDVSs. Based on these inputs  , the inverted files are searched for words that have features that correspond to the features of the search key and each word gets a feature score based on its similarity to the search key. All reviewers had the same experience. For example  , queries whose dissimilarity is 0 incur some search cost since similarity searches entail some cost even in the Euclidean distance space. The problem of similarity search aka nearest neighbour search is: given a query document 1   , find its most similar documents from a very large document collection corpus. But in search engine such as Google  , the search results are not questions. By converting real-valued data features into binary hashing codes  , hashing search can be very fast. While similarity ranking is in fact an information retrieval approach to the problem  , pattern search resembles a database look-up. For testing the search labels  , the clusters in the hierarchy were ranked based on the similarity between the search representative and the topic description using the cosine metric. In case of fielded search users can search for pictures by expressing restrictions on the owner of the pictures  , the location where they were taken  , their title  , and on the textual description of the pictures. The range n0  , n1 of frequent k-n-match search is chosen according to the results on real data sets as described in Section 5.2.1. An interesting application of relational similarity in information retrieval is to search using implicitly stated analogies 21  , 37.  Extensive experiments have been done to evaluate the proposed similarity model using a large collection of click-through data collected from a commercial search engine. The task is essentially the same: given a potentially large collection of objects  , identify all pairs whose similarity is above a threshold according to some similarity metric. The cosine similarity metric based on the vector space model has been widely used for comparing similarity between search query and document in the information retrieval literature Salton et al. Depending on what is to be optimised in terms of similarity  , these may serve as cost functions or utility functions  , respectively. High dimensional data may contain diierent aspects of similarity.  Based on a manipulation of the original similarity matrix it is shown how optimum methods for hash-based similarity search can be derived in closed retrieval situations Subsection 3.3. SOC-PMI Islam and Inkpen 2006 improved semantic similarity by taking into account co-occurrence in the context of words. In the next section we introduce a novel graph-based measure of semantic similarity. The main idea here is to hash the Web documents such that the documents that are similar  , according to our similarity measure  , are mapped to the same bucket with a probability equal to the similarity between them. Their model interpolates the same-task similarity of a rewrite candidate to the reference query with the average similarity of that candidate to all on-task queries from a user's history  , weighted by each query's similarity to the reference query. The Cosine metric measures the similarity by computing the cosine of the angle between the two vectors representing the search trails. Therefore  , it is not possible to use one fixed similarity measure for one specific task. We present the similarity structure between the search engines in Figure 7. Imagine for example a search engine which enables contentbased image retrieval on the World-Wide Web. We exploit this similarity in our techniques. The evaluation shows that we can provide both high precision and recall for similarity search  , and that our techniques substantially improve on naive keyword search. The features include text similarity   , folder information  , attachments and sender behavior. We hence disambiguate Wiki entries by measuring the similarity between the entires and the topics mentioned in the search queries. Based on these index pages we analyzed how similarity between chemical entities is computed 4 . However  , Google's work mainly aims to help developers locate relevant code according to the text similarity. We will show that the scheme achieves good qualitative performance at a low indexing cost. We discuss the potential applications of this result to the design of semantic similarity estimates from lexical and link similarity  , and to the optimization of ranking functions in search engines. A parameter controls the degree of trade-off. However  , the edit distance for similarity measurement is not used for two reasons: 1 Computing edit distances of the query and all the names in the data set is computationally expensive  , so a method based on indexed features of substrings is much faster and feasible in practice . A similarity measure between a page and a query that reflects the distance between query terms has been proposed in the meta-search research field 12. Let us start by introducing two representative similarity measures σc and σ based on textual content and hyperlinks  , respectively. The other three operators implement the similarity joins: Range Join  , k-Nearest Neigbors Join and k-Closest Neigbors Join 2. The document matching module is a typical term-based search engine. Efficient implementations for commonly used similarity metrics are readily available  , so that the computational effort for search and retrieval of similar products has little impact on the efficiency of this approach. We present experimental results demonstrating that using the proposed method  , we can achieve better similarly results among temporal queries as compared to similarity obtained by using other temporal similarity measures efficiently and effectively. Minhash was originally designed for estimating set resemblance i.e. The K-NN search problem is closely related to K-NNG construction. For instance  , a search engine needs to crawl and index billions of web-pages. Web services search is mainly based on the UDDI registry that is a public broker allowing providers to publish services. The first approach is using data-partitioning index trees. Since BLAST-like servers know nothing about textual annotations  , one cannot search for similarity AND annotation efficiently. Our new approach borrows the idea of iDistance and the corresponding B + -tree indexes. Assume that we are part-way through a search; the current nearest neighbour has similarity b. if personalized information is available to the search system  , then ranking query suggestions by ngram similarity to the users past queries is more effective NR ranker. 3 proposed an approach to classify sounds for similarity search based on acoustical features consisting of loudness  , pitch  , brightness  , bandwidth  , and harmonicity. A wide used method is similarity search in time series. Search another instance with high similarity and same class from 'UnGroup' data  , repeat 6; 9. query-term overlap and search result similarity. It is computationally infeasible to generate the similarity graph S for the billions of images that are indexed by commercial search engines. Since the page content information is used  , the page similarity based smoothing is better than constant based smoothing. Figure 7: The concurrence similarity between two tags is estimated based on their concurrence information by performing search on Flickr. Bing search engine. Both tools employ heuristics to speed up their search. In the context of multimedia and digital libraries  , an important type of query is similarity matching. It partitions the data space into n clusters and selects a reference point Ki for each cluster Ci. Finally  , we give the recognition result based on the searching results. Incipit searching  , a symbolic music similarity problem  , has been a topic of interest for decades 3.  We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. Section 3 gives our new lower bound distance function for PLA with a proof of its correctness. Finding a measure of similarity between queries can be very useful to improve the services provided by search engines . It has been observed that there is a similarity between search queries and anchor texts 13. For example  , assume in Figure 21.2 that the primary bucket B6 contains a near neighbour with similarity 0.7. A larger mAP indicates better performance that similar instances have high rank. Our method was more successful with longer queries containing more diverse search terms. semantic sets measured according to structural and textual similarity. Therefore  , a method for similarity search also has to provide efficient support for searching in high-dimensional data spaces. An additional feature was added to the blended display and provided as an additional screen  , i.e. Foundational work such as 8  presents n-gram methods for supporting search over degraded texts. However  , work is ongoing to implement time series segmentation to support local similarity search as well. Intent is identified in search result snippets  , and click-through data  , over a number of latent topic models. Extensive research on similarity search have been proposed in recent years. Section 3 defines the basic problem  , and Section 4 presents an overview of the basic LSH scheme for similarity search. The key in image search by image is the similarity measurement between two images. Two similarity functions are defined to weight the relationships in MKN. Then the vertical search intention of queries can be identified by similarities. We found this approach useful for spotting working code examples. Finally  , we discuss the derived similarity search model based on these two adopted ideas. Thus they push relevant DRs from the result list. In Section 2 we i n troduce the notation and give formal deenitions of the similarity search problems. Specifically  , the tf idf is calculated on the TREC 2014 FebWeb corpus. 19 apply several local search techniques for the retrieval of sub-optimal solutions. Thus  , in this section  , we discuss the actor similarity module and the implementation of the SNDocRank module. We order each items descending on their cos positive score. This method is well suited for real time tracking applications. There has been extensive research on fast similarity search due to its central importance in many applications. O j could be used for determining the similarity between Boolean search request formulations  , its inherent deficiencies have stimulated further investigation. Figure 1depicts the architecture of our semantic search approach. It may therefore seem more appropriate and direct to use document-document similarity for iterative search. Popular email applications like Google Inbox 4  and Thun- derbird 6 display search results by relevance. We suggest training ranking models which are search behavior specific and user independent. We use a weighted sum aggregation function with three different settings of the respective weights. In previous work we have shown how to use structural information to create enriched index pages 3 . Haar wavelet transform has been used in many domains  , for example  , time series similarity search 11. We find temporal similar queries using ARIMA TS with various similarity measures on query logs from the MSN search engine. 10 propose a joint optimization method to optimize the codes for both preserving similarity as well as minimizing search time. We design a new -dimensional hash structure for this purpose. Similarity search in metric spaces has received considerable attention in the database research community 6  , 14  , 20. Their approach relies on a freezing technique  , i.e. In these studies  , the problem of matching ads with pages is transformed into a similarity search in a vector space. in the context of identifying nearduplicate web pages 4. Another approach for similarity search can be summarized as a subgraph isomorphism problem. Instead of feeding another time series as query  , the user provides the query in an intuitive way. Therefore  , it is recommended to provide similarity search techniques that use generalized distance functions. Broad match candidates are found by calculating cosine similarity between the context query vector the content ad vectors. All Pairs Similarity Search APSS 6  , which identifies similar objects among a given dataset  , has many important applications. Hence  , because such approaches are inherently different  , it is important to consider measures that fairly compare them. Similarity measures for Boolean search request formulations 335 Radecki  , 1977Radecki  ,   , 1978a. mAP has shown especially good discriminative power and stability to evaluate the performance of similarity search. Figure 6: Similarity between locally popular documents at 2 sites all the search sites taken together. enquirer  , time-period to support retrieval. The user can search for the k most similar files based on an arbitrary specification. We used term vectors constructed from the ASR text for allowing similarity search based on textual content. In the sequel  , we discuss indexing the reduced PLA data to speed up the retrieval efficiency of the similarity search. However  , all these methods target traditional graph search. New strategies have to be developed to predict the user's intention. There are roughly three categories of approaches: volume-based approaches  , feature-based approaches  , and interactive approaches. As mentioned above  , the semantic web and ontology based search system introduced in this study developed the next generation in search services  , such as flexible name search  , intelligence sentence search  , concept search  , and similarity search  , by applying the query to a Point Of Interest search system in wireless mobile communication systems. Retrieved results of similarity search with and without feature selection are highly correlated. Bubble sort is a classical programming problem. Research work on time sequences has mainly dealt with similarity search which concerns shapes of time sequences. We identify the following important similarity search queries they may want to pose: Suppose they explored the operation Get- Temperature in W 1 . Our research seeks to explore such techniques. Caching is performed at regular intervals to reflect the dynamic nature of the database. Similarity search can be done very efficiently with VizTree. However  , an overlooked fact is that preference ranking in recommendation is not equivalent to similarity search in traditional hashing. This paper presents the neighbourhood preserving quantization NPQ method for approximate similarity search. The first phase divides the dataset into a set of partitions. As for ranking the retrieved documents  , TFIDF and cosine similarity were used. their cosine similarity is almost zero. 3 noted that a visual similarity re-search using a sample picked keyframe is a good design for retrieval. The framework for partition-based similarity search PSS consists of two steps. Thus  , our results allow to meet the difficult requirement of interactive-time similarity search. Until meeting a new instance with different class label; 10. An analogous approach has been used in the past to evaluate similarity search  , but relying on only the hierarchical ODP structure as a proxy for semantic similarity 7  , 16. In case of similarity search  , the user can search by choosing a picture among those randomly proposed by the system. We conducted the experiments on the click-through data from a real-world commercial search engine in which promising results show that term similarity does evolve from time to time and our semantic similarity model is effective in modelling the similarity information between queries. Finally  , we observed an interesting finding that the evolution of query similarity from time to time may reflect the evolution patterns and events happening in different time periods. We empirically showed that these two search paradigms outperform other search techniques  , including the ones that perform exact matching of normalized expressions or subexpressions and the one that performs keyword search. Note the complexity of our search function is similar to existing code search engines on the Internet e.g. In this paper we focussed on the usability of answers and how well a search system can find relevant documents for a given query. From the home page users can search for pictures by using a fielded search or similarity search. However  , users require sufficient knowledge to select substructures to characterize the desired molecules for substring search  , so similarity search27  , 29  , 23  , 21 is desired by users to bypass the substructure selection. The MI- LOS XML database supports high performance search and retrieval on heavily structured XML documents  , relying on specific index structures 3 ,14  , as well as full text search 13  , automatic classification 8  , and feature similarity search 15 ,5 .  Recognition of session boundary using temporal closeness and probabilistic similarity between queries. The integrated search is achieved by generating integrated indices for Web and TV content based on vector space model and by computing similarity between the query and all the content described by the indices. We then compute QRS as the maximum of these similarities: d  , Si Because retrieving the entire documents in the top search results to compare them with the target document is prohibitively expensive for a real-time search engine unless the vector forms of the retrieved documents are available  , we approximate the lexical content of interest of the retrieved documents with the snippet of the document as generated by the search engine for the target query. In this way  , the two major challenges for large scale similarity search can be addressed as: data examples are encoded and highly compressed within a low-dimensional binary space  , which can usually be loaded in main memory and stored efficiently. Traditional text similarity search methods in the original keyword vector space are difficult to be used for large datasets  , since these methods utilize the content vectors of the documents in a highdimensional space and are associated with high cost of float/integer computation. To perform a similarity search  , the indexing method hashes a query object into a bucket  , uses the data objects in the bucket as the candidate set of the results  , and then ranks the candidate objects using the distance measure of the similarity search. Since the full graphic structure information of a molecule is unavailable  , we use partial formulae as substructures for indexing and search. Therefore the ad search engine performs similarity search in the vector space with a long query and relatively short ad vectors. This is a key-word search engine which searches documents based on the dominant topics present in them by relating the keywords to the diierent topics. He provided evidence for the existence of search communities by showing that a group of co-workers had a higher query similarity threshold than general Web users. Although our technique is designed with a focus on document-todocument similarity queries  , the techniques are also applicable to the short queries of search engines. The limitation of these methods is that they either depend on some external resources e.g. To this end  , we are interested in hashing users and items into binary codes for efficient recommendation since the useritem similarity search can be efficiently conducted in Hamming space. Such segmentation and indexing allow end-users to perform fuzzy searches for chemical names  , including substring search and similarity search. Fig.1illustrates the unified entity search framework based on the proposed integral multi-level graph. stem search  , -phrase search and full word search on node texts  , equality and phonetic similarity on author names. Similar to IR systems like ECLAIR Harper & Walker 921 or FIRE Sonnenberger 8z Frei 951  , BIRS is based on an object-oriented design figure 2 shows the class diagram in UML Fowler & Scott 971 notation; however  , only BIRS implements physical data independence3. Much of the work on search personalization focuses on longerterm models of user interests. Specifically  , datasets involved in our experiments consist of text and images  , and we use text as query to search similar images and image as query to search similar texts. The humanjudged labels indicated that users of search engines are more willing to click on suggestions that could potentially lead to more diversified search results  , but still within the same user search intent. From that page it is possible to perform a full-text search  , a similarity search starting from one of the random selected images. Given a user attempting a search task  , the goal of our method is to learn from the on-task search behavior of other users. We also show that for the same query of similarity name search or substring name search  , the search result using segmentation-based index pruning has a strong correlation with the result before index pruning. This paper attempts to extract the semantic similarity information between queries by exploring the historical click-through data collected from the search engine. Yet we still compare LSSH to CHMIS to verify the ability of LSSH to promote search performance by merging knowledge from heterogeneous data sources. Taking an approach that does not require such conditions  , Lawrence & Giles performed a local search on a collection formed by downloading all documents retrieved by the source search engines 2. Apache Lucene is a high-performance  , full-featured text search engine library written entirely in Java that is suitable for nearly any application requiring full-text search abilities. The expectation is that the search engine will retrieve all courses matching the query and will display them ranked based on their similarity to the input. Our goal is to design a good indexing method for similarity search of large-scale datasets that can achieve high search quality with high time and space efficiency. In both systems  , color-based and texturebased image similarity search were available by dragging and dropping a thumbnail to use as the key for an image-based search. In particular  , we use a technique for approximate similarity search when data are represented in generic metric spaces. The fact that full search achieves higher nDCG scores than pre-search confirms the successful re-ordering that takes place in full search based on pairwise entity-based similarity computation. We have decided to adopt a known solution proposed for search engines in order to have more realistic results in the experiments. Finally  , the simplest identification submodule is the newsgropu thread matcher  , which looks for " References " headers in newsgroup articles and reconstructs conversation threads of a newsgroup posting and subsequent replies. When the user returns to the current list  , the user applies content-similarity search to the next document in the queue until the queue is empty. However  , sufficient knowledge to select substructures to characterize the desired molecules is required  , so the similarity search is desired to bypass the substructure selection. Textual similarity between code snippets and the query is the dominant measure used by existing Internet-scale code search engines. Unfortunately  , these search types are not directly portable to textual searches  , because e.g. The video library interface used for the study was an enhanced version of the one used with TRECVID 2003 that achieved the bestranked interactive search performance at that time. In this paper  , we propose a novel hashing method  , referred to as Latent Semantic Sparse Hashing  , for large-scale crossmodal similarity search between images and texts. We also showed that it takes more effort from the user to form queries when doing pattern search as compared to similarity search  , but when relevant matches are found they are ranked somewhat higher. Such hash-based methods for fast similarity search can be considered as a means for embedding high-dimensional feature vectors to a low-dimensional Hamming space the set of all 2 l binary strings of length l  , while retaining as much as possible the semantic similarity structure of data. Moreover  , these similarity values depend on the information retrieval system to which the queries are directed; for the same pair of search request formulations  , the similarity coefficient values will vary significantly  , according to the variations in the document set subject matter of the systems considered. In their work  , a trade-off between novelty a measure of diversity  and the relevance of search results is made explicit through the use of two similarity functions  , one measuring the similarity among documents  , and the other the similarity between document and query. As shown in Table 2  , on average  , we did not find significant change of nDCG@10 on users' reformulated queries  , although the sets of results retrieved did change a lot  , with relatively low Jaccard similarity with the results of the previous queries. The transformed domain ¯ D and the similarity s can be used to perform approximate similarity search in place of the domain D and the distance function d. Figure 1c shows the similarity  , computed in the transformed space  , of the data objects from the query object. Full-text search engines typically use Cosine Similarity to measure the matching degree of the query vector ¯ q with document vectors ¯ The basic idea underlying our approach is to associate a textual representation to each metric object of the database so that the inverted index produced by Lucene looks like the one presented above and that its built-in similarity function behaves like the Spearman Similarity rank correlation used to compare ordered lists. The variance of each document's relevance score is set to be a constant in this experiment as we wish to demonstrate the effect of document dependence on search results  , and it is more difficult to model score variance than covariance. To define the similarity measure  , we took the number of matches  , the length of the URL   , the value of the match between the URL head and the URL tail into account  , as shown in the last lines of Table 9. In order to evaluate this reranking scheme  , we ranked the URL address result list according to request their similarity. Finally  , a user similarity matrix is constructed capturing similarity between each pair of users over a variety of dimensions user interests  , collection usage  , queries  , favorite object descriptions that are integrated into a unified similarity score. This means the within ads similarity of users  , which are represented by their short term search behaviors  , can be around 90 times larger than the corresponding between ads similarity. In 15  , similarity between two queries was computed from both the keywords similarity and the common search result landing pages selected by users. This phenomenon suggests that we should give higher priority to the similarity information collected in smaller distances and rely on long-distance similarities only if necessary . The main drawback of these hashing approaches is that they cannot be directly used in applications where we are not given a similarity metric but rather class/relevance labels that indicate which data points are similar or dissimilar to each other. We implemented both the basic LSH scheme and the LSH Forest schemes both SYNCHASCEND and ASYNCHASCEND and studied their performance for similarity search in the text domain. All these techniques rely on similarity functions which only use information from the input string and the target entity it is supposed to match. Intuitively  , we consider operations to be similar if they take similar inputs  , produce similar outputs  , and the relationships between the inputs and outputs are similar. If two documents do not contain query terms their query-dependant similarity will be 0 regardless of how close they may be with regards to the cosine similarity. The format of the results includes method name  , path  , line of code where implementation for this method starts  , and the similarity with a query 11. Future enhancements will also comprise special treatment of terms appearing in the meta-tags of the mp3 files and the search for phrases in lyrics. Given a search results D  , a visual similarity graph G is first constructed. Structural similarity: The similarity of two expressions is defined as a function of their structures and the symbols they share. We analyzed in this connection also specifically compiled corpora whose similarity distribution is significantly skewed towards high similarities: Figure 4contrasts the similarity distribution in the original Reuters Corpus hatched light and in the special corpora solid dark. In our baseline system  , we currently support descriptor-based global similarity search in time series  , based on the notion of geometric similarity of respective curves. In this paper  , we present a scalable approach for related-document search using entity-based document similarity. Thereby the resource that has the highest overall similarity for a specific search query is presented most conspicuous whereas resources with minor similarities are visualized less notable Figure 1. The measures were integrated in a similarity-based classification procedure that builds models of the search-space based on prototypical individuals. Figure 5illustrates the different similarities sorted for each measure and shows that 41% of the time we can extract a significantly similar replacement page R replacement  to the original resource R missing  by at least 70% similarity. Using this method  , users can perform similarity search over the graph structure  , shared characteristics  , and distinct characteristics of each recipe. Since the goal is to offer only high quality suggestions  , we only need to find pairs of queries whose similarity score is above a threshold. These formulae are used to perform similarity searches. This table also tells us that the search queries will be more effective than clicked pages for user representation in BT. To detect coalition attacks  , the commissioner has to search for publishers' sites with highly similar traffic. Similarity search in metric spaces focuses on supporting queries  , whose purpose is to retrieve objects which are similar to a query point  , when a metric distance function dist measures the objects dissimilarity. In the context of chemical structure search a lot of work has been done in developing similarity measures for chemical entities resulting in a huge amount of available measures. The similarity merge formula multiplies the sum of fusion component scores for a document by the number of fusion components that retrieved the document i.e. Secondly  , since the queries and the documents are comparable in size  , the similarity measure often used in these search tasks is that of the edit distance inverse similarity  , i.e. Finally  , Yahoo built a visual similarity-based interactive search system  , which led to more refined product recommendations 8. 19 Table 1shows the 20 items exhibiting the highest similarity with the query article " Gall " article number 9562 based on the global vector similarity between query and retrieved article texts. Figure 3billustrates the similarity achieved as a function of the number of attempts for the above query set 9 variables and dataset density 0.5 combination. Initially  , the cosine similarity of an initial recommendation to the positive profile determined the ranking. The above sample distribution illustrates the number of documents from the sample of un-retrieved documents that had a similarity to the merged feature vector of the top 2000 retrieved results. The first rule invokes a search for a possible open reading frame ORF  , that is  , a possible start and stop location for translation in a contig and for a similarity that is contained within. The technique we use for full similarity search is the frequent k-n-match query and we will evaluate its effectiveness statistically in Section 5.1.2.  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and the query  Number of occurrences of the query in the target profile's description*  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and DuckDuckGo description* Besides the relationship between the description and query  , we further searched for the organization's description from DuckDuckGo 5   , a search engine that provides the results from sources such as Wikipedia. As already pointed out  , our model for document similarity is based on a combination of geographic and temporal information to identify events. We evaluated the results of our individual similarity measures and found some special characteristics of the measures when applied to our specific data. The search is usually based on a similarity comparison rather than on exact match  , and the retrieved results are ranked according to a similarity index  , e.g. We note that in the alignment component the search space is not restricted to the mapped concepts only -similarity values are calculated for all pairs of concepts. The retrieved sets of images are then ranked in descending order according to their similarity with the image query. Because of this  , in recent years  , hash-based methods have been carefully studied and have demonstrated their advantageous for near similarity search in large document collec- tions 27. A related problem is that of document-to-document similarity queries  , in which the target is an entire document  , as opposed to a small number of words for a specific user query. Similarity search has proven to be an interesting problem in the text domain because of the unusually large dimensionality of the problem as compared to the size of the documents . It i s shown that the resulting index yields an I10 performance which is similar to the 1 1 0 optimized R-tree similarity join and a CPU performance which is close to the CPU optimized R-tree similarity join. However  , the challenge is that it is quite hard to obtain a large number of documents containing a string τ unless a large portion of the web is crawled and indexed as done by search engines. Specifically  , the similarity score is computed as: For each temponym t of interest  , we run a multi-field boolean search over the different features of the temponym  , retrieving a set St of similar temponyms: St = {t : simLucenet  , t  ≥ τ } where simLucene is the similarity score of the boolean vector space model provided by Lucene and τ is a specified threshold. In short  , while these approaches focus on the mining of various entities for different social media search applications  , the interaction among entities is not exploited. Based on the RecipeView prototype system  , we have tested the precision /recall based on our method compared to another graph matching approach MCS. Many real-world applications require solving a similarity search problem where one is interested in all pairs of objects whose similarity is above a specified threshold. Currently  , our similarity search for pages or passages is done using the vector space model and passage-feature vectors. However  , no previous research has addressed the issue of extracting and searching for chemical formulae in text documents. Similarity search Similarity searches return documents with chemical formulae with similar structures as the query formula  , i.e. Therefore  , integrating similarity queries in a fully relational approach  , as proposed in this paper  , is a fundamental step to allow the supporting of complex objects as " first class citizens " in modern database management systems. the minimum number of operations needed to transform a document to the query and vice-versa. Given the overall goal of achieving a high recall  , we then analyzed the documents with high similarity for additional noun phrases that must be used to for the next iteration of the search. Once the vectors containing the top results for the two compared texts are retrieved  , cosine similarity between the two vectors is computed to measure their similarity. According to 19  , there is a benefit to laying out photos based on visual similarity  , although that study dealt with visual similarity instead of similar contents. Additionally  , we plan to experiment with re-ranking the results returned by the Lucene search engine using cosine similarity in order to maintain consistency with the relevance similarity method used in scenario A. One possible implementation relies on a search engine   , dedicated for the evaluation  , that evaluates queries derived from the onTopic and offTopic term vectors. Thirdly the returned image results are reranked based on the textual similarity between the web page containing the result image and the target web page to be summarized as well as the visual similarity among the result images. The reason to choose this monolingual similarity is that it is defined in a similar context as ours − according to a user log that reflects users' intention and behavior. The SCQ pre-retrieval over queries predictor scores queries with respect to a corpus also using a tf.idf-based similarity measure 53 . The approach places documents higher in the fused ranking if they are similar to each other. To evaluate the ranking results of the different similarity measures  , we took all chemical entities that were retrieved by a similarity search in the field of drug design  , they expect different ranking results for the same query term. To apply this metric  , we converted the user interest model into a vector representation with all weighted interest elements in the model. Falcons' Ontology Search 10  also identifies which vocabulary terms might express similar semantics  , but it is rather designed to specify that different vocabularies contain terms describing similar data. For each element in R search  we calculate the cosine similarity with the tweet page and sort the results accordingly from most similar to the least. The typical approach is to build some form of tree-like indexing structures in advance to speedup the similarity range query in the application. Note that the second and third features are very similar to two of the similarity measures used in the enhanced pooling approach Section 3.1.2. Since ORN is a graph model that carries informative semantics about an image  , the graph distance between ORNs can serve as an effective measurement of the semantic similarity between images. All those applications indicate the importance and wide usage of a graph model and its accompanied similarity measure sheds some light on similar search issues with respect to implicit structure similarity upon Chinese Web. The experimental results show that our approach achieves high search efficiency and quality  , and outperforms existing methods significantly. This similarity notion is based on functional dependencies between observation variables in the data and thereby captures a most important and generic data aspect. Given a descriptor and a distance measure  , users are allowed to search for data objects not only by similarity of the annotation  , but also by similarity of content. Such queries often consist of query-by-example or query-by-sketch 14. Finding inverted and simple retrograde sequences requires a change in how the self similarity matrix is produced – instead of matching intervals exactly  , we now match intervals with sign inversions. However  , our input data is neither as short as mentioned studies  , nor long as usual text similarity studies. In this paper  , we considered the problem of similarity search in a large sequence databases with edit distance as the similarity measure. In this paper  , we formulate and evaluate this extended similarity metric. The key idea is to design hash functions and learn similarity preserving binary codes for data representation with low storage cost and fast query speed. By better modeling users' search targets based on personalized music dimensions  , we can create more comprehensive similarity measures and improve the music retrieval accuracy. Our main contribution is the search engine that can organize large volumes of these complex descriptors so that the similarity queries can be evaluated efficiently. First  , we want to point out that hash-based similarity search is a space partitioning method. This allows flexible matching of expressions but in a controlled way as distinct from the similarity ranking where the user has less control on approximate matching of expressions. The correlation component Figure 2  calculates the Spearman's rank correlation for the three similarity datasets  , twelve different languages and three similarity measures Cosine  , Euclidean distance  , Correlation 8 . The comparison between raw-data objects is done in a pixel-by-pixel fashion. We compute descriptors by application of a work-in-progress modular descriptor calculation pipeline described next cf. Technically  , a wealth of further functionality to explore exists  , including design of additional curve shape descriptors  , partial similarity  , and time-and scale invariant search modalities. By studying the candidates generated by the QA search module  , we find that Yahoo sorted the questions in terms of the semantic similarity between the query and the candidate question title. Two fusion methods were tested: local headline search  , and cross rank similarity comparison approximating document overlap by measuring the similarity of documents across the source rankings to be merged. These hashing methods try to encode each data example by using a small fixed number of binary bits while at the same time preserve the similarity between data examples as much as possible. Main focus has been fast indexing techniques to improve performance when a particular similarity model is given. The default  , built-in similarity function checks for case-insensitive string equality with a threshold equal to 1. We envisage that such similarity metrics of a feature-similarity model may also serve as objective functions for automated search in the space of systems defined by its feature model. In other words  , the keyword/content based similarity calculation is very inaccurate due to the short length of queries. Web graphs represent the graph structure of the web and constitute a significant offline component of a search engine. In the experiment  , we used three datasets  , including both the publicly benchmark dataset and that obtained from a commercial search engine. Wang  In general  , every similarity query is a range query given an arbitrarily specified range we shall introduce one more element of complexity later. While there might be many high-similarity flexible matches for both the company name e.g. In particular  , we measure the similarity between two categories Cai and Car as the length of their longest common prefix P Cai  , Car divided by the length of the longest path between Cai and Car. For example  , one scientist may feel that matching on primary structure is beneficial  , while another may be interested in finding secondary structure similarities in order to predict biomolecular interactions 16. Nevertheless  , knowledge of the semantics is important to determining similarity between operation. Informally  , we consider two sequences to be similar if they have enough non-overlapping time-ordered pairs of Figure 1captures the intuition underlying our similarity model. PD-Live does a breadth-first search from the document a user is currently looking at to select a candidate set of documents. From Figure 2we can see that using EMD similarity strategy  , there is a higher probability that the top results are always the most relevant ones. Future work will focus on efficient access to disk-based index structures  , as well as generalizing the bounding approach toward other metrics such as Cosine. For both regular and query-biased similarity  , we construct a unigram model of the find-similar document that is then used as a query to find similar documents see equation 1. In MS12  , recommendations were collected by using the location context as search query in Google Places and were ranked by their textual similarity to the user profiles  , based on a TF- IDF measure. The term selection relies on the overall similarity between the query concept and terms of the collection rather than on the similarity between a query term and the terms of the collection. They argue that phonetic similarity PHONDEX works as well as typing errors Damerau-Levenstein metric and plain string similarity n-grams  , and the combinations of these different techniques perform much better than the use of a single technique. In the beginning  , many researchers focused on new dimension reduction technologies and new similarity measuring method for time series. There has been an intensive effort 7 over the last two decades to speedup similarity search in metric spaces. For example  , AltaVista provide a content-based site search engine 1; Berkeley's Cha-Cha search engine organizes the search results into some categories to reflect the underlying intranet structure 9; and the navigation system by M. Levence et al. Therefore  , if we have a very large collection of documents  , we would either be reduced to using a sequential scan in order to perform conceptual similarity search  , or have to do with lower quality search results using the original representation and ignore the problems of synonymy and polysemy. By contrast  , apart from incorporating the search term occurrences in the document for ranking  , our score of every location in the document is determined by the terms located nearby the search term and by the relative location of these terms to the search term. The proposed method provides:  Simultaneous search for Web and TV contents that match with the given keywords  ,  Search for recorded TV programs that relate to the Web content being browsed  Search for Web content or other TV programs that relate to the TV programs being watched. The hash-based search paradigm has been applied with great success for the following tasks: Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. The first set of experiments establish a basic correlation between talking on messenger and similarity of various attributes. Search results consist of images with ORNs that are close to the query image's ORN  , ranked by ORN distances. In particular  , we demonstrate that for a large collection of queries  , reliable similarity scores among images can be derived from a comparison of their local descriptors. This is achieved by identifying the vertices that are located at the " center " of weighted similarity graph. " Web content can be regarded as an information source with hyperlinks and TV programs as another without them. To support similarity search  , partial formulae of each formula are useful as possible substructures for indexing. 9 recently studied similarity caching in this context. The CM-PMI measure consists of three steps: search results retrieval  , contextual label extraction and contextual label matching. The middle diagram shows the tendency that the quality of similarity search can be increased by smaller decay factor . This paper presents the multi-probe LSH indexing method for high-dimensional similarity search  , which uses carefully derived probing sequences to probe multiple hash buckets in a systematic way. For each duplicate DR  , a similarity search was performed and the position of the duplicate DR in the top list was observed . FRAS employs effective methods to compensate the information loss caused by frame symbolization to ensure high accuracy in NDVC search. This paper presents the extended cr* operator to retrieve implicit values from time sequences under various user-defined interpolation assumptions. Next  , we propose models for representating researcher profiles and computing similarity with these representations Section 2. The Contextual Suggestion TREC Track investigates search techniques for complex information needs that are highly dependent on context and user interests. The full version with all similarity criteria was preferred and the visual-only mode was seen as ineffective. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the soft cardinalitybased semantic similarity where the expert coreness annotations were used as training data. We defined four types of concepts: proper nouns  , dictionary phrases  , simple phrases and complex phrases. where α is the similarity threshold in a fuzzy query. The use of Bing's special search operators was not evaluated at all. Since local similarity search is a crucial operation in querying biological sequences  , one needs to pay close to the match model. 1 used Euclidean distance as the similarity measure  , Discrete Fourier Transform DFT as the dimensionality reduction tool  , and R-tree 10  as the underlying search index. Top-k queries also as known as ranking queries have been heavily employed in many applications  , such as searching web databases  , similarity search  , recommendation systems   , etc. In particular  , for each input attribute  , we first search for its " representative  , " which is an indexed attribute in the thesaurus with the highest similarity score above a predefined threshold.  We demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of our techniques with a comprehensive empirical evaluation on real datasets. In the conventional case  , the user provides a reference image  , and the infrastructure identifies the images that are most similar. Then the LSH-based method will be used to have a quick similarity search. However  , some studies suggest that different methods for measuring the similarity between short segments of text i.e search queries and tags 9  , 12. Database systems are being applied to scenarios where features such as text search and similarity scoring on multiple attributes become crucial. The semantic gap between two views of Wiki is quite large. If γ is too small  , the connection between different modals is weak with imprecise projection in formula 10  , which will lead to poor performance for cross-modal similarity search.  Visualization of rank change of each web page with different queries in the same search session. The framework for Partition-based Similarity Search PSS consists of two phases. Task T k loads the assigned partition P k and produces an inverted index to be used during the partition-wise comparison. The similarity measure used in the example is Figure 21.2 shows a simple search tree  , a request  , the primary bucket and a set of priorities for the arcs not yet explored. Immediately  , however  , the problem arises of determining the similarity values of the query cluster representatives created in this way with each new Boolean search request formulation. First  , by encoding real-valued data vectors into compact binary codes  , hashing makes efficient in-memory storage of massive data feasible. 1 We also extend this approach to the history-rewrite vector space to encourage rewrite set cohesiveness by favoring rewrites with high similarity to each other. 22 describe a method to compute pairwise similarity scores between queries based on the hypothesis that queries that co-occur in a search session are related. We divide information used for modeling user search intents into two categories – long-term history and short-term context. The pre-search context  , as we defined  , is the search context that is prior to a search task and could trigger the search; in-search context is the search context during a search task  , such as query reformulation and user clickthrough during a search session. We plan to expand this set of search tools by providing a " beam " search  , a greedy search  , a K-lookahead greedy search  , and variations of the subassembly-guided search. In our definition of a switching event  , navigational queries for search engine names e.g. We have conducted experiments including trending search detection and personalize trending search suggestion on a large-scale search log from a commercial image search engine. These search criteria will be transferred via the Web to a search script. The search for collision-free paths occurs in a search space. It also included a search box to allow users to search using keywords. A static search session is the search history of a real user in an interactive search system  , including the users' search queries  , click-through  , and other information. The search sessions were first tested as a re-finding search session  , next as an exploratory search session. Quick search consists of a search box with a drop down menu suggesting a keyword with information about its type like author when keying in search terms. The image search logs were collected in the first two weeks of Nov. 2012. If the search session failed to be classified as either re-finding or exploratory search  , it was classified as single search session. We envision search engines that can timely detect and efficiently propagate trending search content i.e. When a user comes to a search engine  , she formulates a query according to her search intent and submits it to the search engine. Obfuscate a user's true search intent to a search engine is very difficult: we need to first identify the search intent  , properly embellish it before submitting to the search engine  , such that the returned search results are still useful. The hierarchical search makes use of the Lucene Boolean operator to join: a UMLS concept search  , appropriate Topic type word search e.g. Similarly  , a control segment search is a search related to the category of the control advertisement. These advertisements appear in a dedicated area of the search results page  , each one in a particular fixed subarea  , or slot. The three search requests result in a search response that is a list of brief descriptions of zetoc records matching the search. The technique is applied to a graph representation of the octree search space  , and it performs a global search through the graph. We extracted " browse → search " patterns from all sessions in the user browsing behavior data. Sessions start with a search engine query followed by a click on a search engine result. The result of a search is a list of information resources. search /admin/../ Website's control panel that allows to publish  , edit or delete announcements. The Search Self-Efficacy Scale is a 14-item scale used to characterize search expertise. Thus  , the search time is relatively longer than in a search from a keyword-based database. We identify two families of queries. Here we use breadth-first search. A search engine switching event is a pair of consecutive queries that are issued on different search engines within a single search session. Origin pages are the search results that start a search trail. Each search result can be a new query for chain search to provide related content. correctness of a search N Mean Standard Deviation These results support our interpretation of unique words in a search as a measure of search effort. Our goal is to improve upon the search time of binary search without using a significant amount of additional space. Businesses consider sponsored links a reliable marketing and profit avenue  , and search engines certainly consider sponsored search a workable business model. Then a search mission is a sequence of consecutive searches  , such that a query of a search shares at least one non-stopword with any previous query within the search mission. Local search results: A set of localized search results extracted from Google's local search service 12 . 5.2 Structured search using search engines. The Dienst protocol provides two functions for querying a collection: Simple Search and Fielded Search. We simulate exploratory navigation by performing decentralized search using a greedy search strategy on the search pairs. A search model describes the string to search within the textual fragments. It provides a distributed  , multitenant-capable search engine with a HTTP web interface. A meta search system sends a user's query to the back-end search engines  , combines the results and presents an integrated result-list to the user. A single search interface is provided to multiple heterogenous back-end search engines. With such a mechanism in place  , in the case of the 2012 U. S. presidential elections Figure 1  , 30% of users' queries could be instantly served locally e.g. Third  , we want to extend the modeling scope from a search engine result page to a search session. Moreover  , some search engines such as Google or Live.com have started to mix dedicated news search results with the results displayed in the regular search pane i.e. Elastic Search 1 is a search server based on Lucene that provides the ability to quickly build scalable search engines. Satakirjasto Sata is a traditional public library online catalog providing users with quick search  , advanced search and a browsing option. Search interrmxhary elicitation during the online search stage largely focused on search strategy and terms  , followed by the online relevance elicitation requesting users to judge the relevance of the output. We collect a set of 5 ,629 real user search sessions from a commercial search engine. image search  , belong to the first type  , and provide a text box to allow users to type several textual keywords to indicate the search goal. 'Organic search' is the classic search where users enter search terms and search engines return a list of relevant web pages. Search intent prediction is an important problem  , as it will largely improve search experience. 'Sponsored search' describes additional 'results' that are often shown beside the organic results. The user interface of the application simply consists of a text box and a keyword search can be performed pressing the " Search " button. The search engine then returns a ranked list of documents. GA is a robust search method requiring little information to search in a large search space. CSCs have very limited time to examine search result. They identified two ways to personalize a search through query augmentation and search result ranking. Traditional search engines  , such as Google  , do not perform any semantic integration but offer a basic keyword search service over a multitude of web data sources. The actual specification of a full-text search query for a particular product. The search method described formally in Figure   3 is to successively narrow the search interval until its size is a given fraction of the initial search region. Each participant was expected to carry out a search task on each one of Search Friend's interfaces systematically. The support for internal search was addressed by utilizing a domain specific vocabulary on different levels of the employed search mechanisms. The search interface included a search form to allow the use of the extracted information in search. These search tasks are often performed under stringent conditions esp. It is a variation of bidirectional search and sequential forward search SFS that has dominant direction on forward search. The search site speed was controlled by using either a commercial search site with a generally slow response rate SE slow  or a commercial search site with a generally fast response rate SE fast . When a user performs a search  , the search engine often displays advertisements alongside search results. We use a search query log of approximately 15 million distinct queries from Microsoft Live Search. All participants used the same search system which resembled a standard search engine. We also presuppose that the search proceeds in the following manner: Thus  , the search time is relatively longer than in a search from a keyword-based database. A search trail is represented by an ordered sequence of user actions. More recently  , MSN and Google Search 13 ,9 added location look-up capability that extracts location qualifiers from search query strings. For this we measure the click through percentage of search. We define a switch as an event of changing one search engine to another in order to continue the current search session. Search logs are usually organized in the form of search sessions. When applying a table search query to the popular search engines  , we observe that a flood of unwanted and sometimes unsolicited results will be returned. A basic search allows a search with simple keywords and then the matched results are returned in ranked order. Keyword search is a useful way to search a collection of unstructured documents  , but is not effective with structured sources. For this paper  , the focus of the meta-search engine is browser add-on search tools. Table 4displays these results. Given a user profile and a set of search keywords  , the search engine selects an ad advertisement  to display in the search result page. We collected 10 search results for each information problem using the Google search engine. Their main purpose is to give search engine users a comprehensive recommendation when they search using a specific query. Here the search engine was initially IBM's TSE search engine  , later replaced with IBM's GTR search engine  , and the database was DB2. Most commercial search portals such as Bing and Google provide access to a wide range of specialized search engines called verticals. Each search unit is controlled from a control computer which loads the queries into the search units. Yahoo Knowledge Graph is a knowledge base used by Yahoo to enhance its search engine's results with semantic-search information gathered from a wide variety of sources. In almost all of the work  , in-search context is essentially used as additional information for understanding search intent during a search task. It is also a practice of mass collaboration at a world-wide scale that allows users to vote for ranking of search results and improve search performance. And then we propose a probabilistic model based approach to explore the blended search problem. Some search engines try to improve the quality of search results by analysing the link structure of web resources. Their research is mainly based on analyzing logs when people use a search engine and a short survey. A search session within the same query is called a search session  , denoted by s. Clicks on sponsored ads and other web elements are not considered in one search session. job search or product search offered with a general-purpose search engine using a unified user interface. After conducting all four searches  , participants completed an exit questionnaire. When the user presses the search button in the side toolbar  , or presses " Control-S " on a keyboard  , the document goes into search mode. This is identical to Backward search except that it uses only one merged backward iterator  , just like Bidirectional search. In exploratory tasks users are often uncertain how to formulate search queries 8 either because they are unfamiliar with the search topic or they have no clear search goals in mind. These three categories of search represent three of the four qualitatively different search types encountered in WiSAR 14  , 28. When the user types characters in the search engine's search box  , the browser sends the user's input along with the cookie to the search engine. Recall that 4.17% of the total number of user sessions began with a citation search query  , and 1.85% started with a document search query. The search results appeared either below the search box  , or in a different tab depending on user's normal search preferences  , in the original search engine result format. An aggregate search engine is the same as any other instance of the search engine leaf node except that it handles all incoming search requests. a search with the word 'diagnosis' for cases with the 'diagnosis' type  , stemmed title search and stemmed keyword search using the preferred terms of the UMLS concepts from the Googlediagnosis . We sampled 500 such patterns from the " browse → search " sessions. Despite the two search sites coming from different brands  , the returned results were almost identical due to the nature of the search queries used see Procedure. In an advanced search it is possible to formulate a query by selecting several fields to search. Although the two search sites were different  , the returned search results were very similar due to the nature of queries used see Procedure. This will provide the user with a selectable level of computing effort  , so he/she can trade off computing time with level of assurance of the optimality of the plan. As we are investigating the impact richer search interfaces have  , a spectrum of search tasks covering different search task types and goals would ideally need to be used. Trails can contain multiple query iterations  , and must contain pages that are either: search result pages  , visits to search engine homepages  , or connected to a search result page via a hyperlink trail. In The global search tries to find a path on a d-C-Lres by using a graph search method  , as shown in When the serial local search fails in finding a local path between adjacent sub-goals in a SgSeq as shown in an alternative SgSeq found by the global search during the 2nd trial. Decentralized Search. Other search strategies can be specified as well. after completion of the search  , the subject was asked to complete a post-search questionnaire. Query rewriting Since the ultimate goal of users is to search relevant documents   , the users can search using formulae as well as other keywords. The underlying assumption is that several latent search factors exist in query logs  , each associated with a distinct topic transition rule  , and these search factors can be implicated by users' search behaviors. Every session began with a query to Google  , Yahoo! We have investigated user search behavior in a complex multisession search task  , with a search system that provides various types of input components. 58.6% online stage -with a mean of 16 presearch elicitation per search  , a mean of 23 or-dine elicitation per search  , and a mean of 39 total elicitation per search. To be efficient and scalable  , Frecpo prunes the futile branches and narrows the search space sharply. In §2 we investigate the media studies research cycle. Different from existing interactive image search engines  , most of which only provides querybased or search result-based interaction  , MindFinder enables a bilateral query↔search result interactive search  , by considering the image database as a huge repository to help users express their intentions. They show that their model can predict search success effectively on their data and on a separate set of log data comprising search engine sessions. They utilized the users' search queries triggered by a page to learn a model for estimating the search intents. A second heuristic search strategy can be based on the TextRank graph. Figure 1presents a typical scenario where faceted search is useful with an expert search. Search sessions of the same searcher i.e. A search trail originates with the submission of a query to a search engine and contains all queries and post-query navigation trails 27. To preserve the quality of results  , a distributed search engine must generate the same results as a centralized implementation. Unlike lookup search  , where a discrete set of results achieves a welldefined objective  , exploratory search can involve unfamiliar subject areas and uncertainty regarding search goals. The emergence of multi-tasking behavior within a single search session makes it particularly complex to use user information from search sessions to personalize the user's search activity. For each topic  , the subjects filled in a pre-search questionnaire to indicate their familiarity with the search topic  , conducted a time bounded search for resource pages related to that topic  , then filled in a post-search questionnaire that collected their opinion of the search experience and the perceived task completeness. Interface features can facilitate search actions that help in completing a search task. sequences of actions a user performs with the search engine e.g. Each peer performed a search every 1–2 minutes. Google offers a course 1 on improving search efficiency. Compute a non-zero vector p k called the search direction. Groupization to improve search. Some possible fields in a journal search request may be as in  'Identifier' Response. 28  proposed a personalized search framework to utilize folksonomy for personalized search. The first search is over the corpus of Web pages crawled by the search engine. 12 See http://code.google.com/apis/ajaxsearch/local.html  , last re- 4. For confident corrections  , the search engine can search the corrected query directly. The first row indicates missing search types which default to a document search. sometimes a user prefers one search engine to another for some types of search tasks. Here we explore the opposite however  , optimality of interfaces given search behavior. Each time a search is performed   , the Search Module retrieves URIs of instances in the search results and stores them into a cache memory. Taken together  , these results indicate that users tend to explicitly change the default search type citations search and prefer to run a document type search. For each search task  , participants were shown the topic  , completed a pre-search questionnaire  , conducted their search and then completed a post-search questionnaire. Contextual search refers to a search metaphor that is based on contextual search queries. He was most recently Founder and CEO of Powerset  , a semantic search startup Microsoft acquired in 2008. is currently Partner  , Search Strategist for Bing  , Microsoft's new search engine. A search engine for semi-structured graph data providing keyword and structural search using NEXI-like expressions. This phase is called " search results narrowing " . A reliable search method would achieve an acceptable search most of the time. ODP advanced search offers a rudimentary " personalized search " feature by restricting the search to the entries of just one of the 16 main categories. pattern search and substructure search deploy database operators to perform a search  , while some other ones e.g. People search is one of the most popular types of online search. one search episode is unrelated to any subsequent search episodes. However  , the combined search yields a similar final behavior to keyword-based search. This view is a demonstration of relational search 8  , where the idea is not to search for objects but associative relation chains between objects. In a traditional search scenario  , a Web user submits a query describing his/her information need and a search engine returns a list of presumably relevant pages. A search trail always begins with a query and ends when the information seeking activity stops. Search sessions contain unique user identifier and a sequence of records for search actions  , such as queries  , result clicks and search engine switching actions   , which were detected by a browser toolbar or by clicks on a link to open another search engine from the search engine results page. Using the same set of real user queries  , these search modes included: 1 a global search of the directory from the root node  , 2 a localized search of the relevant sub-directories using global idfs  , and 3 a localized search of the relevant sub-directories using the appropriate dynamically-calculated local idfs. Experience The main effect of the searchexperience attribute 1 if search  , 0 if experience shows a higher conversion rate for search products online at 0.003207. Based on the model  , a semantic search service is implemented and evaluated. There is a task identifier 'ki' for known-item search  , and 'ex' for expert search  , no identifier for discussion search  , as these were the first runs submitted. This instrument contains 14-items describing different search-related activities. There are several rounds of user interactions in a search session. Search queries are then accelerated by using that structure. A business model for search engines in sponsored search has been discussed by B. Jansen in 17. Advertisers submit creatives and bid on keywords or search queries. The second search engine http://www.flickr.com/search is a regular keyword search. Each keyword search has a unique search ID. work on search intent prediction – predicting what a user is going to search even before the search task starts. 16 showed that a distributed search can outperform a centralized search under certain conditions. As a search strategy  , A* search enriched by ballooning has been proposed. 4shows an example of a search for a particular kind of brooch using Boolean full-text search operators. Such a paradigm is common in search literature. Next  , we examine whether Google Search personalizes results based on the search results that a user has clicked on. In contrast  , the search-dominant model captures the case when users' browsing patterns are completely influenced by search engines. As expected  , the ASR and Search components perform speech recognition and search tasks. After a user inputs " Kyoto " as the keyword for search  , Google returns the initial image search results. Federated text search provides a unified search interface for multiple search engines of distributed text information sources. Constructing an accurate domain-specific search engine is a hard problem. The structural framework of simulated need situa- tions 6 were used to present search tasks. Combinatorial block designs have been employed as a method for substituting search keys. The repository structure includes a search engine  , which is used to search the contents of the repository. How many is counted by the docCount rela- tionship  , which relates a search set to a number  , an atomic concept below Number. A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. When a user submits a query to a search engine through a Web browser  , the search engine returns search results corresponding to the query. Definition: A labeled dataset is a collection of search goals associated with success labels. It is hoped that the combination of these features will allow the user to accomplish a search task more easily and also to leverage the serendipity involved in their search. 5shows the search result of a product search with Preference SQL via a mobile WAP phone. for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. We performed a temporal search by submitting a temporal query to the news archive search engine http://www.newslibrary.com. Meta-search engine allows a user to submit a query to several different search engines for searching all at once. We also applied and evaluated advanced search options. The Document search task is to search for messages regarding to a topic. Most of the techniques to perform text search fall into two categories. – Search engine : Apache Lucene is a free  , full-text search engine library. 4 Experiments on the search results of a commercial search engine well validated its effectiveness. Presumably  , had it known the search context or search workflow  , it could have provided more useful and focused information. Search Pad is automatically triggered at query time when a search mission is identified. A randomly chosen anonymous set of people doing search on the W3C website are presented with the W3C Semantic Search instead of the regular search results. At present  , we provide two search modes: quick search  , which takes free text queries  , and advanced search  , which takes more complex predicates. Search engines are widely used tool for querying unstructured data  , but there is a growing interest in incorporating structured information behind the "simple" search interface. Connections is composed of two main parts: context building and search. The terms identified are then ANDed to the previous search query to narrow the search. Most of these present a feed search service in conjunction with blog post searching and some are closely integrated with feed reading services. Another search paradigm for the LOD is faceted search/browsing systems  , which provide facets categories for interactive search and browsing 4 . All queries within a search session were assigned the same classification. search facility  , a library search engine or a newswire retrieval system. For the third type  , a painted sketch is drawn to represent the shapes of objects in the desired images  , for example  , an online similar image search engine  , similar image search 2   , presents such a technique. Then an agent will search through all available journals and conferences i.e. extending keyword search with a creation or update date of documents. For example  , Croft and Harper 1979 showed that a cluster search can retrieve relevant documents in many cases when a search based on a probabilistic model fails. A search session is a sequence of user activities that begin with a query  , includes subsequent queries and URL visits  , and ends with a period of inactivity. We now compare SI-Backward search with the MI- Backward search on a larger workload of 200 queries consisting of 2-7 keywords. For example  , when students conducted a search  , the system log included information about the time when the search is conducted  , the search terms used  , the search hits found  , and the collection that was searched. Our search guide tool displays the search trails from three users who completed the same task. The subweb definition corresponding to the search topic is used to rerank the search results obtained from a search engine. Search sessions comprised queries  , clicks on search results  , and pages visited during navigation once users left the search engine.  A federated search function was added to allow users search for appropriate objects in more LORs like Merlot  , SMETE and EdNa. By examining the queries with type document search we found that the average length of a query is 3.85 terms. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. In addition to the query-term most collections permit the specification of search concepts to limit the search to a certain concept. In quick search  , users key in search terms in a textbox  , whereas in advanced search they may limit the search also by the type of literature fiction – non-fiction  , author  , title  , keywords  , or other bibliographic information. Standard text search features are also available  , such as scoring and ranking of search results as well as thesaurus-based synonym search. After reading the returned search results  , the searcher might realize his inappropriate choices  , correct them  , and redo the search. For finding meta-index entries that contain terms of interest to the user  , the Search Meta-Index page provides a search engine that allows users to drill down on search results through three views. After every search iteration  , we decide the actions for the search engine agent. We distributed GOV2 across four leaf search engines and used an aggregate engine to combine search results. Instead of displaying the photographs on the map  , Flickr lists them sequentially across multiple search results pages see Fig. This was so we could examine the effects across different search tasks. Unlike classical search methods  , personalised search systems use personal data about a user to tailor search results to the specific user. On the one hand  , such pattern restriction is not unique in entity search. Since most of the resources search engines generally search local content  , we use this API for each test query along with the search site option. A step in the direction of understanding the search context is the new " Yahoo Mindset " experimental search service 10 . When a category is selected from the category search view  , the concept search is restricted to the concepts belonging to the selected category. The results were substantially better than either search engine provided no " search engine " performed really poorly. Search sessions ended after a period of user inactivity exceeding 30 minutes. Since they do not intervene in the workings of the search engine  , they can be applied to any search engine. Some of the most important features of the system include:  Three levels of search Users can select from basic search  , advanced search  , or expert search mode. spelling corrections  , related searches  , etc. A more direct indicator of user interest is search terms entered into search engines or the search fields of other websites . For example  , a UI search pattern is composed of a text field for entering search criteria  , a submit button for triggering the search functionality  , and a table for displaying the search results. Ultimately  , interaction with search interface features can transform and facilitate search actions that enable search tasks to be addressed. The main idea is to keep the same machinery which has made syntactic search so successful  , but to modify it so that  , whenever possible  , syntactic search is substituted by semantic search  , thus improving the system performance. Our work spans several areas of modeling searcher behavior  , including analyzing search log to understand variances in user behavior  , evaluating search engine performance  , conducting online study using crowd-sourcing approach  , and predicting search success and frustration. Aggregated search can be compared to federated search 18 also known as distributed information retrieval  , which deals with merging result rankings from different search engines into one single ranking list. i demographics and expertise ii search tasks iii search functionality and iv open ended questions on search system requirements. While Broder treated search intents as relatively short-term activities 10  , Marchionini's classification included long-term search activities such as learn and investigate  , and he argued that exploratory searches were searches pertinent to the learn and investigate search activi- ties. In comparison  , our work focuses specifically on task-oriented search  , and ignores other types of search such as browsing different attributes of an object  , which allows us to take the advantage of existing procedural knowledge to more reliably support search tasks when compared to the use of general search logs. To help image search  , query formulation is required not only to be convenient and effective to indicate the search goal clearly  , but also to be easily interpreted and exploited for the image search engine. Typically sponsored search results resemble search result snippets in that they have a title  , and a small amount of additional text  , as in Figure 1. The simple search resembles a Google-type search  , and is designed to provide an easy entry into the service. For the CI4OOI collection Figure 5b the bottom-up search does significantly better than the serial search at the low E end of performance. There was a strong positive correlation between the termconsistency and the proportion of descriptors among search terms rs = 0.598; p = 0.0009. The search procedure performs beam search using classification accuracy of the N k as a heuristic function . There exists rich research on search in social media community   , such as friend suggestion user search  , image tagging tag search and personalized image search image search. Each subtask consists of a frequent itemset and a combine set  , and the associated search space is traversed in depth-first order using a back-tracking search. Different from traditional text search whose document length is in a wide range  , a tweet contains at most 140 characters. SECC provides a socialized search function by implementing a userfriendly online chat interface for users who share similar search queries. Because a vertical selection system and its target verticals are operated by a common entity e.g. The search node is dis-played as a textbox for full text search. We assume a " pay-per-click " pricing model  , in which the advertiser pays a fee to the search provider whenever a user clicks on an advertisement. We plot the distribution of search ranking among sites in Figure 3c. This system provides a dynamic and automated faceted search interface for users to browse the articles that are the result of a keyword search query. When starting a search  , readers could select either a quick search  , an advanced search or a recommendation page as their point of departure. Users enter substantially fewer queries during a search session when they are more familiar with a topic. The searching contains -a subject oriented browsing -a search for authors  , titles and other relevant bibliographic information -a subject oriented search in different information resources. We can estimate a grouping's search accuracy through simulation using training data. Condition 2 Search time ratio: The time of search within each consequent search disc is greater than the time of search within the previous search disc. To generate these search results  , the queries were submitted and logged through our proxy server  , which then retrieved and logged the search engine responses and displayed them to the user in the original format. Search tasks formed reflect the following typical search tactics in fiction searching: known author/title search  , topical search  , open-ended browsing  , search by analogy and searching without conducting a query. We emphasize that a pre-search context  , by definition  , is just prior to the search but does not necessarily trigger it. After each search task  , our participants were asked to complete a questionnaire eliciting their perceptions on how useful  , helpful and important the search features were during the search task. What this means is that though we could not find a relationship between specific search features and specific search tasks  , there was an increase in the number of search support features used as the search task became more complex and exploratory. In a related result  , Croft 1980 showed that a certain type of cluster search can be more effective than a conventional search when the user wants high-precision results. A crucial aspect of faceted search is the design of a user interface  , which offers these capabilities in an intuitive way. However  , these approaches usually consider each user's search history as a whole  , without analysing it into its inherent search behaviors. The search engine then returns an initial list of documents obtained using the classical keyword based search method. Clearly  , sponsored search is useful for search engines since it is a source of revenue for them. In the case of a physician  , the search is performed on technical article collections  , which include medical research publications. By subdividing the costs for each alternative into history and future costs  , A* search is able to compare the possibly unfinished plans with each other.   , along with predictive text and auto-complete capabilities. Moreover  , MindFinder also enables users to tag during the interactive search  , which makes it possible to bridge the semantic gap. By contrast with the RI and CSTR digital libraries  , CSBIB documents are primarily bibliographic records  , rather than full text documents. For the NSDL Science Literacy Maps  , search was defined as any instance of exploration within a map before a node was clicked to view relevant results. Several meta-search engines exist e.g. 6 A similar threshold has been used to demarcate search sessions in previous work on search engine switching 16 and in related studies of user search behavior 20 ,26. We have found that the context-based search effectively ranks query outputs  , controls topic diffusion  , and reduces output sizes 1  , 2. A small number of " search " operations were formulated using more than one search terms combined by Boolean operators 18.49% of which a tiny portion 0.1% were also formulated reusing previously issued result sets. Their system is a type of meta-search engine and requires users to explicitly select a community before search activities are conducted. The server sub-session parse the query string into a script consisting of a set of SQL statements and content-based search operators. An example of a search criteria and the search polices are as follows by a consumer to the trading system: A detailed list of consumer search and match preferences is given in 7. The 'identifier' request results in a single  , full zetoc record. Search Concept is not fully modelled here  , in addition to Term and Author  , it has conjunctions  , dis- junctions  , and negations as subcortcepts. Single query searches have a " look-up " character. Searches use token adjacency indexes to find sequences of tokens a phrase search instead of just a word search. It is a public web statistics  , based on Google Search  , that shows how often a particular search term is entered relative to the total search-volume. Both start with a zero recall search " helicopter volitation spare parts cheap " . Search by location: A search by location identifies a place and for that place all available time periods events for that location. On the contrary a negative search model will produce a subset of answers. We prepare the experimental data from a search log of a major commercial search engine. The entire search log is collected and stored by a single entity  , such as a search engine company. After a period of usage  , the server side will accumulate a collection of clickthrough data  , which records the search history of Web users. A mission is terminated when the query of a new search does not share any words with the previous ones. The two essential parts are summarized in Figure 3. To test the effectiveness of browse plus search functionality   , we designed and conducted a series of experiments on three search modes. Others discuss how different forms of context and search activity may be used to cast search behavior as a prediction problem 5  represented search context within a session by modeling the sequence of user queries and clicks. A keyword query can be submitted to a search engine through many applications communicating with the search engine. In doing a search  , a user accomplishes a variety of specific tasks: defining the topic of the search  , selecting appropriate search vocabulary  , issuing commands or selecting menu choices  , viewing retrieved information and making judgments about its relevance or usefulness. Trails must contain pages that are either: search result pages  , search engine homepages  , or pages connected to a search result page via a sequence of clicked hyperlinks. A search within this structure is faster than a naive search as long as the number of examined nodes is bounded using a fast approximate search procedure. In this scenario  , teleportation is also generally performed via visits to a search engine and a user is more likely to " teleport " to a related or similar page instead of a random page in a search session. The aforementioned three types of image search schemes all suffer from a limitation that it is incapable of search images with spatial requirements of desired objects. Each UI screen or webpage implements several UI design patterns. Immediately below the text search box  , is a search history pull down menu  , which gives a list of the text queries previously executed by the user. In practice  , it is closer to a depth-first search with some backtracking than to a breadth-first search. The cooccurrence of system acceptable search words produces an overlapping or part identity of the extensions of these search words. For both tasks  , we use browsing-search pairs to evaluate . Because most search engines only index a certain portion of each website  , the recall rate of these searches is very low  , and sometimes even no documents are returned. Alternatively  , we also propose a method that optimizes the naive search when the feature descriptors are normalized. The work is motivated jointly by a need to have search logs available to researchers outside of large search companies and a need to instill trust in the users that provide search data. We formulate the search for a grasp as a sensor-space search over the object surface  , rather than a search through the robot configuration space or its coordinate system. This tool enables interactive narrowing of search result sets. Some of the search engines such as AltaVista 12  allow limiting the search to a specific category. When possible  , the local proxy is equipped with a large local store which the client can locally search. There are also approaches that cluster search results 1 which can help users dive into a topic. Given a document corpus  , a traditional search query would " simply " return all documents relevant to the search terms. The emergence of the web as the world's dominant information environment has created a surge of interest in search  , and consequently important advances in search technology. A post-search questionnaire was filled out after the search  , and an exit interview after the experiment was conducted. In general  , the most frequently chosen option was subject search  , followed by keyword search using index term one word only. Several recent studies have suggested that using a better search system may not always lead to improvements in search outcomes. Therefore  , the learned estimator is not limited to a specific search engine or a search method. As defined by prior research  , selective search has several non-deterministic steps. The goal of aggregated search is to combine results from multiple search engines in a single presentation. Here a search for information retrieval experts can be refined to only show experts located in Glasgow  , with further refinement possible. Random search techniques  , on the other hand  , are probabilistically complete but may take a long time to find a solution 12 . We may implement more advanced search capabilities in the future – for example  , limiting a search to a particular index  , such as sample records or setDescriptions. The search box remains unchanged from other systems at this point. These are then returned as a list of resources that best matches the users' queries. It incorporates keyword search as well as search for concepts and displays possible MWE expansions. In this paper we propose a novel approach called Concept Search C-Search in short which extends syntactic search with semantics. F ocus is an ambiguous search term on YouTube and does not commonly relate to the artist Focus. However  , the search term M etallica returns many unrelated results 7 . Modern search engines log a large number of user behavioral signals to improve and evaluate their effectiveness. ReadUp provides a search mechanism modelled on the incremental text search mode of GNU Emacs 19. To construct a valid execution for debugging  , search-based techniques usually use the best-effort exhaustive state space search. Figure 2illustrates how the user reranks search results in the publication search result according to the number of citing counts. However  , because of using a single iterator as above  , Bidirectional search does not generate multiple trees with the same root ,unlike Backward search. Twenty links were the result of a search for ethnomathematics with the National Science Digital Library search engine  , and twenty were the results of a search with Google. These criteria are: The middle part of the screen displays the search result. In a Recursive search  , on the other hand  , clients delegate control to other servers-this is illustrated in Fig- ure 4. Both the search engine and the crawler were not built specifically for this application. This paper presents a novel session search framework  , winwin search  , that uses a dual-agent stochastic game to model the interactions between user and search engine. The data was provided via a widely available mobile search and navigation application installed on the iPhone and Android platforms. This definition reflects the hidden nature of triggering relations between pre-search context and searches in a realworld setting. The free search was performed by search experts only librarians and professors. A search concept was defined as a unit of information that represents an elementary class e.g. This user interface can be extended to implement more elaborate search commands. A search set is the set of document records found at evaluation of a search expression. However for narrower tasks  , a conventional tabbed search interface would appear to be better. After subjects completed the initial query evaluation  , they were directed to a search engine results page SERP containing a list of ten search results. The product of a search task can be factual or intellectual and the goal of a search task can be either specific or amorphous. Pincer- Search 4 uses a bottom-up search along with top-down pruning. 3  , we show how a combination of text-search followed by visual-search achieves this goal. Knowledge of a particular user's interests and search context has been used to improve search. 14 is a non-trivial task because it needs to search over all possible ranking combinations . The existing Cranfield style evaluation 11 is less appropriate in local search. We have implemented a shape search engine that uses autotagging . as in Table 1  , represent a broader  , less structured category of search behavior. The cost function used during this search uses the following factors: 1. Hence  , each expert's pseudo-document is indexed by a search engine for efficient querying and access. It requires formulation of the search in the space of relational database queries. A depthfirst search strategy has two major advantages. For each static search session  , whole-session level relevance judgments are provided in the datasets: annotators judged documents regarding whether or not they are relevant to the topic or task underlying the search session instead of an individual query. Question 4 presented a mimic search box and asked the subject to input an appropriate query into the search box to find documents relevant to the search intent presented in Question 3. The CSTR has two search options: the simple search a ranked search  , and the advanced search offering a choice between ranked or Boolean  , stemming on/off  , specifying proximity of search terms within the documents  , etc. C-Search can be positioned anywhere in the semantic continuum with syntactic search being its base case  , and semantic search being the optimal solution  , at the moment beyond the available technology. The search space is all possible poses within The " center-of-mass " search designated in this paper as C similarly divides the search space into pose cells  , but picks a random pose within each pose cell and uses those random poses to compute a set of match scores that are distributed throughout the search space. For the brand related searches  , we identified the most salient brand associated with each advertisement and define a brand search either target or control as a search that includes the brand name. Finally  , there is growing concern about the fact that the world is dependent on a few quasi-monopolistic search engines. However  , local search may also return other entity types including sights and " points-of-interest " . 1 Sponsored search refers to the practice of displaying ads alongside search results whenever a user issues a query. some users ask navigational query in the current search engine to open a new one. To perform a search  , a keyword query is often submitted to a search engine and the latter returns the documents most relevant to the query. Caching search results enables a search solution to reduce costs by reusing the search effort. When applying a table search query  , end-users will receive a flood of unwanted and sometimes unsolicited results from them. From there  , Safe Browsing shows a browser interstitial and emails WHOIS admins  , while both Safe Browsing and Search Quality flag URLs in Google Search with a warning message . For instance  , in federated search the same query is issued on multiple search engines and the results merged using a utility function 35. Hummingbird SearchServer 1 is a toolkit for developing enterprise search and retrieval applications. Therefore  , we used a distributed search framework in order to simulate a single search index. After a search was done  , the documents found were labeled with the tag of the corresponding search used. To answer this question  , we compare users' search behavior in the initial query of a session with that in subsequent query reformulations. When a user starts a search task  , the search engine receives the input queries and return search results by HTTP request. The engine returns a search result list. Search trails are represented as temporally-ordered URL sequences. Identifying user intent 1 behind search queries plays a crucial role in providing a better search experience 16  , 29  , 28. Knowledge of user search patterns on a search system can be used to improve search performance. Since our ranking models use context features  , we extract the search sessions with more than one query. Each search record contains the user query  , a transaction time stamp  , a session identifier and URLs visited by the user. However  , this comes at the cost of more expensive memory accesses. Egomath is a text-based math search engine on Wikipedia. We do this in an automatic way by detecting named entities that can represent temporal queries for performing temporal search experiments. After completing queries  , participants reported their familiarity with each search topic on a 5-point Likert scale. Development of a universal chemical search engine  , that could search by both text and substructures  , is a challenging problem.  A Fact Base which stores the intermediate search results and information needed to select the next search strategy. It utilizes a heuristic to focus the search towards the most promising areas of the search space. From the desktop to the internet  , through enterprise intranets  , the search " giants " are engaged in a fight for control of the search infrastructure. However the bottom-up search does perform at least as well as the serial search  , which is a very good result for a clustered search. This creates a noisy behavioral signal  , and importantly  , a challenge for analyzing search behavior  , especially long-term behavior that has utility in many applications  , such as search personalization 37. Correspondingly  , a looser classification threshold increases search efficiency with the possibility of hurting search accuracy. In this paper  , we propose a novel image search system  , which presents a novel interface to enable users to intuitively indicate the search goal by formulating the query in a visual manner  , i.e. More formally  , if S is a random variable representing a search  , and acceptables is an indicator function denoting whether a particular search s has an acceptable result  , we define: A reliable search method would achieve an acceptable search most of the time. A site owner or search engine might collect data similar to the example in Figure 1. movie search. Search engines that provide facilities to search pictures e.g. It uses Indri as the back-end search engine. We build the search system on top of a proprietary platform for vertical search developed in Yahoo!. Add items to the search engine indices. Cost of Search: What does an average search query cost and what does a response contain ? Precision evaluates a search system based on how relevant the documents highly ranked by the search system are to the query. It provides a basic search grammar  , which can be used for searching  , but a server could also support other grammars as the mechanism is extensible. The keyword given by the user can be a query for integrated search to provide a mixed search result of Web and TV programs. In order to straighten the optimization  , the proposed A' search strategy is enhanced by the subsequently described ballooning com- ponent. Since KOALA users could not limit their search on video cassettes nor multilingual versions  , they had to check each search result manually see Fig. The search results are listed below the search field and are dynamically visualized on the map. A personalized hybrid search implementing a hotel search service as use case is presented in 24. The natural complement  , still under the user-centric view  , are unfamiliar places. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. For example  , one searcher submitted a query " george boots " and clicked on a Google's Product Search result . Such scenarios are not uncommon in real life  , exemplified by social search  , medical search  , legal search  , market research  , and literature review. After the search sessions were identified  , each session was classified as a re-finding session  , exploratory search session or single query session. For the search backend  , Apache Lucene 14 is a search engine library with support for full text search via a fairly expressive query language   , extensible scoring  , and high performance indexing. Federated search has been a hot research topic for a decade. None of the participants looked through more than a couple of search result pages. Then the initial query is divided into several queries for different search focus. The context information of a search activation usually includes: 1. The terms displayed on the screen have two links: a link to search for associable terms and a link to search for associable text. Some said they expected the search engine to narrow the search results. These paths are then synthesized using a global search technique in the second phase. The earlier we detect the impossibility  , the more search efforts can be saved. A number of universities are also recording lectures and seminars  , with the aim of providing online access and search capabilities. Such a search-driven approach achieves extensibility by exploring evaluators rather than static pairwise rules. In that way  , a search system will retrieve documents according to both text and temporal criteria  , e.g. As seen in the table  , there is a significant interest in searching for author names with 37% of the search requests targeting the authors index. After the search button is clicked  , search results are displayed in the results panel in a ranked list according to relevance. One potential reason for shortcomings of ontological search is that MeSH was used as a primary hierarchy for hyponym extraction . This is regarded as a baseline in this study since current search engines show this source alone in search results. The model of score distributions was used to combine the results from different search engines to produce a meta-search engine. Figure 2shows a snipping of the search result from Bing Search page for query " Saving Private Ryan "   , a famous movie. The difference to other engines is mainly in the search result representation . However  , in order to find a paper with a search engine the researcher has to know or guess appropriate search keywords. This search engine recommender SER utilizes that the HTTP referrer information typically contains the search terms keywords of the user KMT00. The prototype search interface allows the user to specify query terms such as product names  , and passes them to a search engine selected by the user. Proposed optimization techniques are loop short-circuiting  , heuristic best-place search position and spiral search. In addition  , a global search technique is also supported. Training users on how to construct queries can improve search behaviour 26. In a classic search engine  , the users enter their search terms and then request the system to search for matching results. This information can be considered as a user profile.  A new characterization of search queries to distinguish between F-search in " familiar " places versus U-search in " unfamiliar " locations  , defined on a per-user basis. The user then browses the returned documents and clicks some of them. On each of these pages  , each of the regular search results and links in the data augmenting the search is sent through a redirector which records the search query  , the link and which section of the page the link was on. mobile search offers three distinctive mobile search application platforms: a widget-based Yahoo! It runs alongside the search engine.  Sort By allows users to change the ordering of the displayed search results. This ID is used to identify the result of the classification. Following is a list of the keywords and keyphrases to be used in the mechanized search. 25 studied a particular case in session search where the search topics are intrinsically diversified. The n-gram proximity search generates a list of named entities as answer candidates. This component uses a set of search tecbniques to find collision-free paths in the search space. It uses estimates of the distance to the goal to search efficiently . Oracle provides a rich full-text search API that can be used to build information retrieval applications. Search that was launched in July 2009 and precisely addresses this issue. Product Search and Bing Shopping. In order to tackle graph containment search  , a new methodology is needed. Traiectorv danner. The assumption basically says that previous search results decide query change. Perform a range search on the B+-tree to find Suppose the time search interval is IS = ta  , ta. Selecting a good example image that exactly accords with the search intention does not improve the search results significantly. Our study is also related to a large body of previous work on search personalization. Enhanced semantic desktop search provides a search service similar to its web sibling. have answered search requests based on keyword queries for a long time. Search Design. Comparing to the unmediated search approaches  , the mediated search has a higher success rate 14. Data which tracked the 'time to click' for each page element showed that while the mean time to click on the search box was 25.8 seconds  , the mode was only 1 second  , suggesting that many users clicked straight into the search box once the front page had been loaded. To make sure that all participants see the same SERP in each search task  , we provided a fixed initial query and its corresponding first result page from a popular commercial search engine the same one which provides search logs for each task. This further substantiates the finding that search features support as well as impede information seeking 1. While the systems mentioned above have made a number of advances in relation to image search  , there are a number of important differences that make video search much more difficult than image search. We also found a significant difference between the number of queries and documents selected across the different search task queries: differences in how these system features were used amongst our participants across the search tasks. Consider Figure 1a  , which depicts a sample search submitted to a major search engine. It worked opposite the various databases during performance of the search. This is essentially a branch-and-bound method. We proposed a content hole search for community-type content. A personalized search is currently missing that takes the interests of a user into account. In response to each query  , the engine returns a search results page. World Explorer helps users to search for a location and displays a tag cloud over that location. Search trails originate with a directed search i.e. We seek to promote supported search engine switching operations where users are encouraged to temporarily switch to a different search engine for a query on which it can provide better results than their default search engine. If only one search term was responsible for the retrieval of the relevant document  , that term was assigned a retrieval weighting of 1; but  , if more than one search term was responsible for the retrieval of a document  , each search term was assigned a proportional retrieval weighting. Figure 1 shows a truncated example page of Google Search results for the query " coughs. " A site entry page may have multiple equivalent URLs. Without such a model  , a search for Hodgkin lymphoma indicating findings is only possible through a search for specific symptoms as e.g. Candidate in a debate with other candidates. Search UK as a Federated Search enabler. Our experiment is designed around a real user search clickthrough log collected from a large scale search engine. A grid search defines a grid over the parameter space. A total of twentyfive groups participated in the enterprise track. lymph node enlargement   , feeling powerless etc. In this paper  , as a first step towards developing such nextgeneration search engine  , a prototype search system for Web and TV programs is developed that performs integrated search of those content  , and that allows chain search where related content can be accessed from each search result. The most concept-consistent searchers behaved like Fidel's 1984Fidel's    , 1990 conceptualist searchers and usually selected a search strategy where they planned to start their search with fewer search concepts than other searchers. To illustrate how a missing category can affect search quality  , consider a category Water Park  , which is currently missing in a local search engine's taxonomy. Search engines can update their index in batch mode  , incremental mode  , or real-time mode  , according to the freshness requirements for the search results. These results suggest that certain aspects of the search interface can impact search behavior and also provide a theoretical explanation for this behavior. Their strategies focus on: creating a hierarchical taxonomy using a tree to find representations of generic intents from user queries 15  , examining bias between users' search intent and the query generated in each search session 11  , or investigating query intent when users search for cognitive characteristics in documents 12 . Any search session that cannot be categorized as either a re-finding or an exploratory search session is defined as a single query search for the purpose of this study. For this we encode a zero-recall search to alphabet Z and non-zero recall search to alphabet S. Detail page view obtained by click on a search result is converted to V whereas purchases are encoded to P . The search results are saved in a cluster map from document ids to sets of cluster names using the search terms as cluster names. The second interface displayed search results in a similar fashion to the baseline  , and provided QE terms Fig 2aon the left-hand pane  , and finally our full interface presents the search results  , and multiple representations of QE terms Fig. This interface allows users to capture a screenshot of any interface  , enter some query keywords  , and submit the resulting multimodal query to the search engine  , and display the search result in a Web browser. But even without considering resource constraints  , quite all the reported systems use a search engine at one step or another. Our methods also imply a natural way to compare the performance of various search engines. The basic search technique is a form of heuristic search with the state of the search recorded in a task agenda. Hence other search mechanisms like random search and exhaustive search would take inordinate time 20. By using our compression scheme for the whole text  , direct search can be done over each block improving the search time by a factor of 8. Subjects in Group A took extra time to set up their search target before actually beginning the search. Similarly  , for personal data search systems  , such as desktop search or personal email search  , often there is only a single user resulting in very small query logs. A strong recovery is defined as user doing a search with non-zero recall on which she clicks on at least one result item after the zero recall search is done. By comparing the retrieved documents  , the user can easily evaluate the performance of different search engines. We use it as a baseline to compare the usefulness of the pre-search context and user search history. Participants had to rank the 157 search engines for each test topic without access to the corresponding search results. IR systems need to engage users in a diafogue and begin modeling the user -on the topics of search terms and strategies  , domain knowledge  , information-seeking and searching knowledge -before a single search term is entered -as well as throughout the search interaction. If a search engine could be notified that a searcher is or is not interested in search advertising for their current task  , the next results returned could be more accurately targeted towards this user. The depth-first search instead of the breadth-first search is used because many previous studies strongly suggest that a depth-first search with appropriate pseudo-projection techniques often achieves a better performance than a breadth-first search when mining large databases. In this paper  , we propose a system called RerankEverything  , which enables users to rerank search results in any search service. If the interaction starts on the conventional search system e.g. We have benchmarked Preference SQL The search scenario of the search engine is as follows: In a pre-selection a set of hard criteria has to be filled into the search mask. After they had completed all the search tasks  , a post-hoc interview was conducted to elicit the users' disposition towards the different methods of IQE  , and their general search experience. In some cases a topic could be either a known item or a general search depending on whether the submitting group indicated the results when submitting the topic. To start a search in Visual MeSH  , the user can select to lookup concepts from either MetaThesaurus or MEDLINE. After issuing the search interface/engine with a query  , the component provides SimIIR with access to the SERP -a ranked list of snippets and associated documents. The search latency was controlled by using a clientside script that adjusted search latency by a desired amount of delay. Taking everything into consideration   , we decided to offer self-learning search as-a-service  , a middleware layer sitting between the e-commerce site and the client's existing search infrastructure. The purpose of this search procedure is to locate points on the object's surface which are suitable places to position the robot's fingers . The search strategy-also proposed for multi query optimization 25-that will be applied in our sample optimizer is a slight modification of A*  , a search technique which  , in its pure form  , guarantaes to find the opt ,irnal solution 'LO. Given the obvious constraints  , a trade-off had to be made between getting a broad representative sample of search tasks and what was feasible. We assume a user's previous search queries and the corresponding clicked documents are good proxies of a user's search interests. In the post-task interviews our participants identified using the search features based on the attributes of the search task they were undertaking  , or as a result of their search habits  , and in some cases as a fallback mechanism when the search box and search results failed to help them find relevant information. Based on the search results  , Recall provided a graph showing changes in the frequency of the search keyword over time. Using this setup we evaluate PocketTrend when active or passive updates are used to push trending search content to end users. A third belief is that the freshness level considerably influences search Money paid to search engine Others ranking. Google directory offers a related feature  , by offering to restrict search to a specific category or subcategory. To perform this experiment  , we use a standard  , state-of-the-art search engine  , in this case the Terrier search engine 4   , to create highly simple search engines   , i.e. Therefore  , it may also be problematic to evaluate a system purely by whether or not it can improve search performance of a query in a search session and the magnitude of the improvement. The larger threshold on states generated within each local weighted A* search allows for the search to search longer before a state is deemed as an AVOID state. Page views included query submission  , search result clicks  , navigation beyond the search results page originating from clicks on links in a search result  , and clicks on other search engine features e.g. Actually  , the fact of switching can be unambiguously detected only in a small part of the search sessions performed by users who installed the browser or the special browser toolbar plugin developed by a search engine 10. They conducted two experiments to determine whether users engaged in a more exhaustive " breadth-first " search meaning that users will look over a number of the results before clicking any  , or a " depth-first " search. Another complex search task is that a breaking news search of Nobel Prize winner is likely to evolve to an exploratory search task of studying a certain scientific domain. As a remark  , we contrast our usage of patterns in entity search with its counterparts in document search e.g  , current search engines . The notion of identity representation in search is quite simple; the issue can be summed by the question " What does a search engine say about an individual  , when that individual is researched in a search engine by another individual ? " A complete example of all four combinations can be viewed below: Description: What is depression ? These events would reveal that the user had examined the search results  , but a user examining a search result would not necessarily emit a corresponding hover or scroll event. A user with zero-recall search in her search trail has a purchase rate which is 0.64 times the purchase rate of user who did not Table 5describes this factor for various user segments. For a keyword-based search  , at search time  , a contexts of interest are selected  , and only papers in the selected contexts are involved in the search  , and b search results are ranked separately within contexts. We consider a meta-search framework where a broker search system forwards the query to component search systems that may include general purpose search engines as well as the APIs of Web 2.0 platforms  , like YouTube or Twitter. Consequently  , if a search by keywords is performed   , the same search using the title or the author will not return new results. In order to discover and query objects in the digital repository through the Tufts Digital Library generic search application was developed that provides two initial levels of searching capabilities: a "basic search"  , and an "advanced search." A significant percentage of the search engines return result pages with multiple dynamic sections. Separate title  , subject  , and author search interfaces or advanced syntax may be provided to limit search to such bibliographic fields  , and is often utilized by the expert user whom desires fine-grained control of their search 2. Iterative search is fundamental to medical search because of medical problems' inherent fuzziness  , which often makes it difficult even for medical professionals to distinguish between right and wrong choices. postulated for including effort in modeling interactive information search; for example  , using cost of search actions to explain some aspects of search behavior 1  , or using search effort to explain search task success 2. Then  , tracker will continue to search through fine search for the target with smaller standard deviation and same number of samples. Because of the competitive nature of the market  , each search term may have bids from many advertisers  , and almost every advertiser bids on more than one search term. In generally  , search related user behavior can be classified into three categories: the usage frequency and how frequently users using or reusing the search engine in order to accomplish their search tasks. These latter search tasks both presume a very small set of relevant documents. While search evaluation is an essential part of the development and maintenance of search engines and other information retrieval IR systems  , current approaches for search evaluation face a variety of practical challenges. Furthermore  , Villa and Halvey 21 showed a relationship between mental effort and relevance levels of judged documents. While query and clickthrough logs from search engines have been shown to be a valuable source of implicit supervision for training retrieval methods  , the vast majority of users' browsing behavior takes place beyond search engine interactions. In this paper  , we have presented a novel method for learning to accurately extract cross-session search tasks from users' historic search activities. In search engine or information retrieval research field  , there are a few research papers studied the users' re-finding and re-visitation search behaviors. Such federated search has the additional benefits of lower computational cost and better scaling properties. Federated search is the approach of querying multiple search engines simultaneously  , and combining their results into one coherent search engine result page. Differences in the selection of search strategies Comparison of the interseascher concept-consistency mean values and the number of search concepts per search request showed a strong and also statistically highly significant negative correlation rs = -0.893; p = 0 ,0001  , see Table 2between them  , The searchers who selected more search concepts per search request achieved lower conceptconsistency mean values than other searchers. The searches were conducted on Wikipedia using a commercial test search engine created by Search Technologies Corp. We used the commercial search engine  , because Wikipedia does not provide full-text search. Despite the single user requiring such a feature and the high rating she assigned to the app  , the barebones developers implemented search suggestions in the release 3.1: " Added Google Search Suggestions " . The rest of this paper is organized as follows: SectionFigure 1: Architecture of Chem X Seer Formula Search and Document Search ing functions. The feasibility of this approach depends on how concentrated the search content associated to a trending topic is. Our study in the search query log of a commercial search engine reveals that the number of generic search queries  , which have explicit or implicit vertical search intentions  , can surpass the traffic of VSEs. For example  , a search for naval architecture returns 154 books in the Internet Archive search interface  , and 350 books in the Hathi Trust search interface. The percentage increase of the cluster search over the inverted index search is also included in the The numbers in Table 2show that the cluster search requires a significant amount more disk spa~ than the inverted index search an increase of 70- 100%. Most of the existing works rely on search engine server logs to suggest relevant queries to user inputs. Despite the success  , most existing KLSH techniques only adopt a single kernel function. This result is further verified when we examine the result of KLSH-Weight  , which outperform both KLSH-Best and KLSH- Uniform. Second  , we address the limitation of KLSH. These observations show that it is very important to explore the power of multiple kernels for KLSH in some real-world applications. and adopts this combined kernel for KLSH. We further emphasized that it is of crucial importance to develop a proper combination of multiple kernels for determining the bit allocation task in KLSH  , although KLSH and MKLSH with naive use of multiple kernels have been proposed in literature.  KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels  , evaluate their mAP values on the training set  , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value.  KLSH-Weight: We evaluate the mAP performance of all kernels on the training set  , calculate the weight of each kernel w.r.t. KLSH provides a powerful framework to explore arbitrary kernel/similarity functions where their underlying embedding only needs to be known implicitly. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function  , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. Such an approach might not fully explore the power of multiple kernels. We first analyzed the theoretical property of kernel LSH KLSH. Kernelized LSH KLSH 23 addresses this limitation by employing kernel functions to capture similarity between data points without having to know their explicit vector representation. First of all  , their naive approach to combining multiple kernels simply treats each kernel equally  , which fails to fully explore the power of combining multiple diverse kernels in KLSH. In particular  , kernel-based LSH KLSH 23  was recently proposed to overcome the limitation of the regular LSH technique that often assumes the data come from a multidimensional vector space and the underlying embedding of the data must be explicitly known and computable. LSH has been extended to Kernelized Locality-Sensitive Hashing KLSH 16 by exploiting kernel similarity for better retrieval efficacy. Besides  , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 37 is the bit allocation optimization step to find the parameter b1  , . This significantly limits its application to many real-world image retrieval tasks 40  , 18  , where images are often analyzed by a variety of feature descriptors and are measured by a wide class of diverse similarity functions. Second  , their technique is essentially unsupervised   , which does not fully explore the data characteristics and thus cannot achieve the optimal indexing performance. Except for the LSH and KLSH method which do not need training samples  , for the unsupervised methods i.e. In the test stage  , we use 2000 random samples as queries and the rest samples as the database set to evaluate the retrieval performance. £ View matching must be integrated with cost-based plan enumeration. However  , there are a number of requirements that differ from the traditional materialized view context. When tuples are deleted from a view or a relation  , the effect must be propagated to all " higher-level " views defined on the view/relation undergoing the deletion. First we illustrate the problem and its solution in the presence of hash indices or in the absence of indices on the materialized view. Thus  , for materialized views  , it may be adequate to limit support to a subclass of common operations where view substitution has a large query execution payoff. However  , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets and is different from the traditional method of using materialized views to answer queries. In the sequel all derived relations are assumed to be materialized  , unless stated otherwise. Thus  , an important question originally considered in TB88  , Hu96   , which was never raised in traditional view-maintenance work  , is to determine whether a view is maintainable  , that is  , guaranteed to have a unique new state  , given an update to the base relations   , an instance of the views  , and an instance of a subset of the base relations. A derived relation may be virtual  , which corresponds to the traditional concept of a view  , or materialized  , meaning that the relation resulting from evaluating the expression over the current database instance is actually stored. For example  , consider the following two queries: In general  , the design philosophy of our method is to achieve a reasonable balance between efficiency and detection capability. After enough information about previously-executed  , empty-result queries has been accumulated in C aqp   , our method can often successfully detect empty-result queries and avoid the expensive query execution. While view materialization is well understood for traditional relational databases  , it remains an active research for XML and RDF stores. Hence  , in certain cases  , the coverage detection capability of our method is more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method. Such situations never arise in traditional work on materialized view maintenance GM95  , Kuc91  , GMS93  , SJ96 where all the base data is usually assumed to be available . DBMSs are being used more and more for interactive exploration 7  , 14  , 37  , where users keep refining queries based on previous query results. In this section  , we illustrate the split group duplicate problem that arises if we ignore this subtle difference between materialized view maintenance and the " traditional " associative/commutative update problems studied by Korth Kor83 and others. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection  , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. The two are related quantities with different focuses. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. Whereas LIF well supported recall  , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin  , particularly in terms of purity  , precision  , and rand index. The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . LIF  , on the other hand  , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . The other methods such as LIF and LIB*TF emphasize term frequency in each document and  , with the ability to associate one document to another by assigning term weights in a less discriminative manner  , were able to achieve better recalls. In light of TF*IDF  , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. In each set of experiments presented here  , best scores in each metric are highlighted in bold whereas italic values are those better than TF*IDF baseline scores. We derive two basic quanti-ties  , namely LI Binary LIB and LI Frequency LIF  , which can be used separately or combined to represent documents. Our evaluation shows that TagAssist is able to provide relevant tag suggestions for new blog posts. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. In all  , we collected and analyzed 225 responses from a total of 10 different judges. The system takes a new  , untagged post  , finds other blog posts similar to it  , which have already been tagged  , aggregates those tags and recommends a subset of them to the end user. To evaluate TagAssist  , we used data provided to use by Technorati  , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. One of the interesting results from our human evaluation is the relevance score for the original tags assigned to a blog post. While TagAssist did not outperform the original tag set  , the performance is significantly better than the baseline system without tag compression and case evaluation. We are currently investigating techniques to identify these effectively tagged blog posts and hope to incorporate it into future versions of TagAssist. WNB-G-MCMC also performs slightly better than WNB-MCMC. The first 1 ,000 iterations of MCMC chains were discarded as an initial burn-in period. Another attractive property is that the proposal is constant and does not depend on ztd  , thus  , we precompute it once for the entire MCMC sweep. Then  , further simulations were performed. The experimental results are shown in Table 2The second observation is that the combined methods WNB-G-HC and G-MCMC outperform slightly the original methods WNB-G  , WNB-HC and WNB-MCMC. After a certain period  , a generated realization of MCMC sample can be treated as a dependent sample from the posterior distribution. As experimentation of our approach  , we choose GoldDLP 1   , an ontology describing a financial domain. Since the bed model was representable  , this indicates a failure in the MCMC estimator. By contrast to 5  , which uses MCMC to obtain samples from the model posterior  , we utilize L-BFGS 18 to directly maximize the model log-probability. We plan on investigating the use of different estimators in future work. Moreover  , applying MCMC to our proposal distribution significantly improves the SLAM performance. The main difference with Eq. Using MCMC  , we queried for the probability of an individual being a ProblemLoan. In the second experiment  , the robot moved along a corridor environment about 60 meters while capturing images under varying illumination conditions  , as shown in Fig. The successive samples evolve from a large population with many redundant data points to a small population with few redundant data points. Instead  , we draw the samplê Y just once before we begin optimizing w  , but we drawˆYdrawˆ drawˆY using the following strategy:  Choose restart states to span a variety of Δs. We use a JAVA MCMC program to obtain samples from the joint posterior distribution described in Equation 1. In the next experiment  , we captured the image sequence while driving a car about 2 kilometers with a stereo camera  , as shown in Fig. In our application  , the total number of MCMC iterations is chosen to be 2 ,000. Finally   , if the effective number of particles �ωt� −2 2 falls below a threshold we stochastically replicate each particle based on its normalized weight. The use of beta conjugate priors ensures that no expensive computational methods such as MCMC are necessary 12  , so the model is trained and applied fast enough to be used on-line. which has the intuitive explanation that the weight for particle f is updated by multiplying in the marginal probability of the new observation xtd  , which we compute from the last 10 samples of the MCMC sweep over a given document. The duration of the burn-in period was determined by running three MCMC chains in parallel and monitoring the convergence of predictions. To encourage diversity in those replicated particles  , we select a small number of documents 10 in our implementation from the recent 1000 documents  , and do a single MCMC sweep over them  , and then finally reset the weight of each particle to uniform. When an application initializes Comm- Lib  , it automatically initiates an instance of ServiceX. Lib exposes a public API  , createSocket  , which constructs Socket objects on behalf of its clients. Working versions are contained in libraries whose names consist of Xlib   , and the corresponding systems versions are found in <lib . SPL-programs for example are found in the libraries XSPL and SPL. The application runs from the command line. Daikon 4.6.4 is an invariant generator http://pag.csail.mit.edu/daikon/. To prevent its clients now on the stack from requiring the relevant FilePermission—which a maliciously crafted client could misuse to erase the contents Classes Permissions Enterprise School Lib Priv java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com:80"  , "connect" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu:80"  , "connect" java.io. FilePermission "C:/log.txt"  , "write" Upon constructing a Socket  , Lib logs the operation to a file. LIB is similar in spirit to IDF and its value represents the discriminative power of the term when it appears in a document. By emphasizing the discriminative power specificity of a term  , LIB reduces weights of terms commonly shared by unrelated documents  , leading to fewer of these documents being grouped together smaller false positive and higher precision. The first Col/Lib and second Loc columns give information about the name of the collection and their location. The evaluation results are presented in Table 3. For evaluation purposes  , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. The above equation gives the amount of information a term conveys in a document regardless of its semantic direction . We used the reference linking API to analyze D-Lib articles. com/p/plume-lib/  , downloaded on Feb. 3  , 2010. Avatar assistant robot  , which can be controlled remotely by a native teacher  , animates the 3D face model with facial expression and lib-sync for remote user's voice. The approach is evaluated on four open source applica- tions: Neuroph  , WURFL  , Joda-Time  , and Json-lib. Querying Google with the LS returns 11 documents  , none of which is the DLI2 homepage. have been generated based on keyword and document semantic proximities 7. Annotations made in the reader are automatically stored in the same Up- Lib repository that stores the image and text projections. Additionally  , we use the keyboard to allow for the entrance of data. The first column contains the collection names from ten university libraries. The default resolution of symbols is to routines in the library itself. For thrift-lib-w2-5t  , although HaPSet checked 14 runs  , it actually spent more time than what DPOR spent on checking 23 runs. These environments are dominated by issues of software construction. The DMG-Lib concept and workflow takes into account that technical knowledge exists in different forms e.g. These animations are augmenting original figures and can be displayed in the e-book pages with an integrated Java Applet. Lib instances. At run time  , the two clients will require SocketPermissions to resolve the names and connect to ports 80 of hosts ibm.com and vt.edu  , respectively. The larger the LIB  , the more information the term contributes to the document and should be weighted more heavily in the document representation . Here thrift-lib-w2-5t  , for example  , stands for the test case with 2 worker threads and 5 tasks per worker. This scanner then adds supported document types that it finds to a specified instance of an Up- Lib repository. texts  , pictures and physical models see Figure1 and requires analytical  , graphical and physical forms of representation. lib " represents the library from which the manuscript contained in the image originates and can be one of eight labels: i AC -The Allan and Maria Myers Academic Centre  , University of Melbourne  , Australia. A limitation of the case studies is that all the applications and components used were software developed by ABB Inc. involving .lib library files. Our first corpus contained the complete runs of the ACM International Conference on Digital Libraries and the JCDL conference  , and the complete run of D-Lib Magazine see Table  2. Hence  , it helped improve precision-oriented effectiveness. {10} {1 ,2 ,7 ,10}{1 ,2 ,3 ,7 ,8 ,10} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,7 ,8 ,92 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Description ,Library {9} {4 ,6 ,9} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Even if the indexing phase is correct  , certain documents may not have been indexed under all the conditions that could apply to them. To better understand the motion of figured mechanisms and machines DMG-Lib can animate selected figures within e-books. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: The reference can be obtained using the library pathname. In the CLR  , the privilege-asserting API is Assert. of the file or log false information in it—Lib creates an instance of Priv and passes it to doPrivileged  , the Java privilege-asserting API 6  , which modifies the stack-inspection mechanism as follows: at run time  , doPrivileged invokes the run method of that Priv object  , and when the stack inspection is performed to verify that each caller on the stack has been granted the necessary FilePermission  , the stack walk recognizes the presence of doPrivileged and stops at createSocket  , without demanding the FilePermission of the clients of Lib. These 690 requests were targeting 30 of our 541 monitored shells  , showing that not all homephoning shells will eventually be accessed by attackers. The remaining columns show the performance of each method  , including the number of interleavings tested and the run time in seconds. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l The mechanisms communicate with each other by a simple structure  , the file system. More than 3800 text documents  , 1200 descriptions of mechanisms and machines  , 540 videos and animations and 180 biographies of people in the domain of mechanism and machine science are available in the DMG- Lib in January 2009 and the collection is still growing. Library means that the library has created its own digitized or born-digital material. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed control method for the exoskeleton  , upper-lib motion assist bower assist experiment has be& carried out with tbree healthy human subjects Subject A and B are 22 years old males  , Subject C is 23 years old male. Segmentation of the gait cycle based on the lib-terrain interaction isolates portions of the gait bounce signal with high information content. The experimental setup is shown in Fig. Subsequently  , each block is sorted according to geographical location second column  , value: Loc  , and finally  , the collections or the libraries first column  , value: Col/Lib are ordered alphabetically for each geographical location. Library and owners can appear as value Lib  , Own  , if both the library and the owners require written permission. This is because not all these 14 runs are included in the 23 runs; and each run may execute a different set of statements and therefore may take a different amount of time. 12 Although the most recent version of the application profile  , from September 2004 13  , retains the prohibition on role refinement of <dc:creator>  , the efforts the DC- Lib group made to find some mechanism for communicating this information supports the view that role qualification is considered important. Unfortunately  , this effort has not been continued. We have implemented the lazy  , schedule recording  , and UW approaches described in Section 3 in our ESBMC tool that supports the SMT logics QF AUFBV and QF AUFLIRA as specified in the SMT-LIB 27. Not surprisingly  , there was very little consistency among data providers on the syntax of role pseudo-qualifiers. . This allows the user to fluidly read and annotate documents without having to manage annotated files or explicitly save changes. Library means that the copyright of the material is owned by the organization that the library belongs to  , and is administered by the library. Since NCSTRL+ can access other Dienst collections we can extend searches to all of NCSTRL  , CoRR  , and D-Lib Magazine as well. In this section  , we show how to conclude the construction of M Imp by incorporating the assumption PAs into M Exp . The search result for a single query from the ad-hoc task is a list of structured data; each contains a web TREC-ID and the extracted main body of content. The NCSTRL+ DL interface is based on our extensions to the Dienst protocol to provide a testbed for experimentation with buckets  , clusters  , and interoperability. Some general rules for the handling of digitized and born-digital material can be derived from Table 1and its discussion  , showing that there is a variety of arrangements depending on ownership of the material and its copyright. As a demonstration of the viability of the proposed methodology  , SKSs for a number of communities the Los Alamos National Laboratory's LANL Research Library http://lib-www.lanl.gov/. The multimedia collection consists of e-books  , pictures  , videos and animations. This can be considered as 100 lockable objects in the LIB-system  , or alternatively  , these 100 objects can be regarded as the highly active part of the CB-system catalog data  , access path data  , . It is useful to think of these segments as motion primitives  , which are typically defined in relation to terrain interaction.  Retrieve and apply updates for synchronization: updates can also be represented using in-memory objects  , files and tables. Sample Code Figure 1shows the Java code of two library classes  , Lib and Priv  , and two client classes  , Enterprise and School. Information on the data structure  , functions  , and function calling relationships of the source code is stored in the binary files according to pre-defined formats  , such as Common Object File Format COFF 5 33  , so that an external system is able to find and call the functions in the corresponding code sections. Related to this effort  , the D-Lib Working Group on Digital Library Metrics 2 was formed and was involved in the organisation of a workshop 3 in 1998  , which addressed several aspects of DL evaluation. As mentioned earlier  , since these URLs  , e.g. gc ,template will not have side-effects on the database  , so the entire computation can be rolled back if desired. In Java and the CLR  , access control is based on stack inspection 6 : when a security-sensitive operation is performed   , all the methods currently on the stack are checked to see if their classes have been granted the relevant permission . There are many studies of users of digital libraries and collections 1 and a great deal of work on evaluating digital libraries for examples  , see issues of D-Lib at http://www.dlib.org/ and Chris Neuhaus's bibliography http://www.uni.edu/neuhaus/digitalbibeval.html  , but we did not find studies of null searches to identify collections gaps in order to develop user-centered collections. By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. A combination of the downhill simplex method and simulated annealing 9 was used. Through repetitively replacing bad vertices with better points the simplex moves downhill. In the method adopted here  , simulated annealing is applied in the simplex deformation. We used the simplex downhill method Nelder and Mead 1965 for the minimization. If the temperature T is reduced slowly enough  , the downhill Simplex method shrinks into the region containing the lowest minimum value. Most steps just move the point of the simplex where the objective value is largest highest point to a lower point with the smaller objective value. Downhill Simplex method approximates the size of the region that can be reached at temperature T  , and it samples new points. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. As a downhill simplex method  , an initial guess of the intrinsic camera parameters is required for further calculation . This method only requires function evaluations  , not derivatives. Then  , the intensity p 0 was estimated from the retweet sequence of interest by using the fitting procedure developed in section 3.3. The form of SA used is a variation of the Nelder-Mead downhill simplex method  , which incorporates a random variable to overcome local minima 9. At high temperatures most moves are accepted and the simplex roams freely over the search space. A simplex is simply a set of N+l guesses  , or vertices  , of the N-dimensional statevector sought and the error associated with each guess. The simplex attempts to walk downhill by replacing the 3741 vertex associated with the highest error by a better point. Thus the robots would need to explicitly coordinate which policies they &e to evaluate  , and find a way to re-do evaluations that are interrupted by battery changes. The robust downhill simplex method is employed to solve this equation. In this section we describe the details of integrating Simulated Annealing and downhill Simplex method in the optimization framework to minimize the loss function associated directly to NDCG measure. In contrast  , Nelder and Mead's Downhill -Simplex method requires much stricter control over which policies are evaluated. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. This hierarchical agglomerative step begins with leaf clusters  , and has complexity quadratic in . Locality-based methods group objects based on local relationships. These services organize procedures into a subsystem hierarchy  , by hierarchical agglomerative cluster- ing. They can be run in batch or interactively  , and can use a pre-existing modularization to reduce the amount of human interaction needed. To test this hypothesis  , we decided to use agglomerative cluster- ing 5 to construct a hierarchy of tags. To maximize the overall log likelihood  , we can maximize each log likelihood function separately. Maximizing the likelihood function is equivalent to maximizing the logarithm of the likelihood function  , so The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. 6 Combined Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: re-rank retrieved questions by combined query likelihood model system 2 using submodular function. Therefore  , the likelihood function takes on the values zero and -~-only. To prevent over-fitting  , we add an l1 regularization term to each log likelihood function. After some simple but not obvious algebra  , we obtain the following objective function that is equivalent to the likelihood function: Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. As the feasibility grids represent the crossability states of the environment   , the likelihood fields of the feasibility grids are ideally adequate for deriving the likelihood function for moving objects  , just as the likelihood fields of the occupancy grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. There are several nonadjacent intervals where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value : from the likelihood function alone one can't tell which interval contains the true value for the number of defects in the document. Since log L is a strictly increasing function  , the parameters of Θ which maximize log-likelihood of log L also maximize the likelihood L 31. 5 Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: rerank retrieved questions by query likelihood model system 1 using submodular function Eqn.13. With these feature functions  , we define the objective likelihood function as: Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. This method is common because it gives a concise  , analytical estimate of the parameters based on the data. The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. Thus  , the MAP estimate is the maximum of the following likelihood function. The uncertainty is estimated for localization using a local map by fitting a normal distribution to the likelihood function generated. First  , we integrate the likelihood function 25 over Θ to derive a marginal likelihood function only conditioned on the intent bias: Let's examine this updating procedure in more detail. Since the log likelihood function is non-convex  , we use Expectation-Maximization 12  for training. By summing log likelihood of all click sequences  , we get the following log-likelihood function: The exact derivation is omitted to save space. We maximize this likelihood function to estimate the value of μs. Generative model. Notice that the likelihood function only applies a " penalty " to regions in the visual range Of the scan; it is Usually computed using ray-tracing. This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . where µi ∈ R denotes a user-specific offset. when assuming that n defects are contained in the document . Note that the likelihood function is just a function and not a probability distribution. The logistic function is widely used as the likelihood function  , which is defined as  Binary actions with r ij ∈ {−1  , 1}. In such a case  , the objective function degenerates to the log-likelihood function of PLSA with no regularization. However   , the biggest difference to most methods in the second category is that Pete does not assume any panicular dishhution for the data or the error function. Essentially  , we take the ratio of the greatest likelihood possible given our hypothesis  , to the likelihood of the best " explanation " overall. The second potential function of the MRF likelihood formulation is the one between pairs of reviewers . The above likelihood function can then be maximized with respect to its parameters. The deviance is a comparative statistic. This ranking function treats weights as probabilities. The likelihood function Eq. We use MLE method to estimate the population of web robots. likelihood function. 6 can be estimated by maximizing the following data log-likelihood function  , ω and α in Eq. This section introduces the optimization methodology on Riemannian manifolds. In the case of discrete data the likelihood measures the probability of observing the given data as a function of θ θ θ. For a single query session  , the likelihood pC|α is computed by integrating out the Ri with uniform priors and the examination variables Ei. Operating in the log-likelihood domain allows us to fit the peak with a second-order polynomial. is the multi-dimensional likelihood function of the object being in all of the defined classes and all poses given a particular class return. This figure shows a sensor scan dots at the outside  , along with the likelihood function grayly shaded area: the darker a region  , the smaller the likelihood of observing an obstacle. This vector is the mean direction of the prediction PDF  , The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. Then 0 is determined from the mean value function. We report the logarithm of the likelihood function  , averaged over all observations in the test set. The marginal likelihood is obtained by integrating out hence the term marginal  the utility function values fi  , which is given by: This means optimizing the marginal likelihood of the model with respect to the latent features and covariance hyperparameters. Figure 10shows the likelihood and loop closure error as a function of EM iteration. We have found that for our data set JCBB 21  , where the likelihood function is based on the Mahalanobis distance and number of associations is sufficient  , however other likelihood models could be used. The log-likelihood function could be represented as:   , YN }  , we need to estimate the optimal model setting Θ = {λ k } K k=1   , which maximizes the conditional likelihood defined in Eq1 over the training set. This type of detection likelihood has the form of  , A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. To centre the mean of the RGB likelihood function on the fingertips  , two additional likelihood functions are introduced. Since there is no closed-form solution for maximizing the likelihood with respect to its parameters  , the maximization has to be performed numerically. maximum expected likelihood is indeed the true matching σI . We also report the logarithm of the likelihood function LM  for each click model M   , averaged over all query sessions S in the test set all click models are learned to optimize the likelihood function : Lower values of perplexity correspond to higher quality of a model. However  , even if T does not accurately measure the likelihood that a page is good  , it would still be useful if the function could at least help us order pages by their likelihood of being good. The combined query likelihood model with submodular function yields significantly better performance on the TV dataset for both ROUGE and TFIDF cosine similarity metrics. For a given camera and experimental setup  , this likelihood function can be computed analytically more details in Sections III-E and III-F. It does have an analogy to the generalized likelihood ratio test Z  when the error function is the log-likelihood function. Since the confidence level is low  , the interval estimate is to be discarded. Since it is often difficult to work with such an unwieldy product as L  , the value which is typically maximized is the loglikelihood This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . If the samples are spaced reasonably densely which is easily done with only a few dozen samples  , one can guarantee that the global maximum of the likelihood function can be found. The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. In this paper a squared exponential covariance function is optimised using conjugate gradient descent. Likewise  , for the example in section 1.4  , the objective function at our desirable solutions is 0.5  , and have value 0.25 for the unpartitioned case. In this case  , we can use a conditional joint density function as the likelihood function. This is a function of three variables: To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. The role of this function is to force that reviewers who have collaborated on writing favorable reviews  , end up in the same cluster. We use the gradient decent method to optimize the objective function. We could still use the gradient decent method to solve the objective function. Then the likelihood function of an NHPP is given by Let θ be given by the time-dependent parameter sets  , θ = θ1  , θ2  , · · ·   , θI . Since the parameters are estimated based on actual sensor data e.g. We compared the resulting ranking to the set of input rankings. As the experiment progresses from Fig. denotes the observation vector up to t th frame. The score function to be maximized involves two parts: i the log-likelihood term for the inliers  The problem is thus an optimization problem. If the function is SUM  , the likelihood of a multi-buffer replacement decreases rapidly with the number of pages. This function fills the role of Hence the quantity In the next section  , a probabilistic membership function PMF on the workspace is developed which describes the likelihood of sensing the object at a given location. This function selects a particle at random  , with a likelihood of selection proporational to the particle's normalized weight. Summing over query sessions  , the resulting approximate log-likelihood function is The exact derivation is similar to 15 and is omitted. As specified above  , when an unbiased model is constructed  , we estimate the value of μs for each session. Consider first the case when one feature is implemented at time ¼. Then the likelihood function  , i.e. A ranking function for Global Representation is the same as query likelihood: This is one of the simplest and most widely used methods 1  , 4. We cannot derive a closed-form solution for the above optimization problem. Following the likelihood principle  , one determines P d  , P zjd  , and P wjz b y maximization of the logglikelihood function 77. To get a weighting function representing the likelihood An exemplary segmentation result obtained by applying this saturation feature to real data is shown in figure 3b. Larger values of the metric indicate better performance. However  , achieving this is computationally intractable. We show log-likelihood as a function of the number of components. Assume that the observed data is generated from our generative model. Such cases call for alternative methods for deriving statistically efficient estimators. Consider that data D consists of a series of observations from all categories. We want to find the θs that maximize the likelihood function: Let θ r j i be the " relevance coefficient " of the document at rank rji. Given the training data  , we maximize the regularized log-likelihood function of the training data with respect to the model  , and then obtain the parameterˆλparameterˆ parameterˆλ. The likelihood function formed by assuming independence over the observations: That is  , the coefficients that make our observed results most " likely " are selected. The first derivative and second derivative of the log-likelihood function can be derived as it can be computed by any gradient descent method. We now present the form of the likelihood function appearing in Eqs. Here  , the likelihood function that we In Phase B  , we estimate the value of μs for each session based on the parameters Θ learned in Phase A. The likelihood function of collected data is So  , we confine our-selves to a very brief overview and refer the reader to 25  , 32 for more details. The parameter is determined using the following likelihood function: The center corresponds to the location where the word appears most frequently. This joint likelihood function is defined as: 3 is replaced by a joint class distribution for both the labeled samples and the unlabeled samples with high confidence scores. where both parameters µ and Σ can be estimated using the simple maximum-likelihood estimators for each frame. The log-likelihood function of Gumbel based on random sample x1  , x2  , . We compute this likelihood for all the clusters. The evolution of the likelihood function Lθm with respect to the signal source location x s after n samples. The system using limited Ilum­ ber of samples would easily break down. Figure 7b graphs log-likelihood as a function of autocorrelation. Autocorrelation was varied to approximate the following levels {0.0  , 0.25  , 0.50  , 0.75  , 1.0}. We plot two different metrics – RMS deviation and log-likelihood of the maximum-marginal interpretation – as a function of iteration . In this section we address RQ3: How can we model the effect of explanations on likelihood ratings ? The likelihood function is a statistical concept. It is defined as the theoretical probability of observing the data at hand  , given the underlying model. After the integration  , we can maximize the following log-likelihood function with the relative weight λ. Learning the combination weight w can be conducted by maximizing the log-likelihood function using the iterative reweighted least squares method. For convenience  , we work with logarithms: The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. b With learning  , using the full trajectory likelihood function: large error in final position estimate. is equal to the probability density function reflecting the likelihood that the reachability-distance of p w.r.t. with match probability S as per equation 1  , the likelihood function becomes a binomial distribution with parameters n and S. If M m  , n is the random variable denoting m matches out of n hash bit comparisons  , then the likelihood function will be: Let us denote the similarity simx  , y as the random variable S. Since we are counting the number of matches m out of n hash comparison  , and the hash comparisons are i.i.d. In addition   , subpixel localization is performed in the discretized pose space by fitting a surface to the peak which occurs at the most likely robot position. Since the likelihood function measures the probability that each position in the pose space is the actual robot position  , the uncertainty in the localization is measured by the rate at which the likelihood function falls off from the peak. For example  , the value of the likelihood function corresponding to our desirable parameter values where class A generates t1  , class B generates t2  , class N generates t3 is 2 −4 while for a solution where class A generates the whole document d1 and class B generates the whole document d2  , the value of the likelihood function is 2 −8 . In addition  , we can perform subpixel localization in the discretized pose space by fitting a surface to the peak that occurs at the most likely robot position. With {πi} N i=1 free to estimate  , we would indeed allocate higher weights on documents that predict the query well in our likelihood function; presumably  , these documents are also more likely to be relevant. The torque-based function measured failure likelihood and force-domain effects; the acceleration-based function measured immediate failure dynamics; and the swing-angle-based function measured susceptibility to secondary damage after a failure. It is easy to note that when ς=0  , then the objective function is the temporally regularized log likelihood as in equation 5. where the parameter ς controls the balance between the likelihood using the multinomial theme model and the smoothness of theme distributions over the participant graph. 2  , this implies that one can compare the likelihood functions for each of the three examples shown in this figure. This is a powerful result because both the structure and internal density parameters can be optimized and compared using the same likelihood function. Due to its penalty for free parameters  , AIC is optimized at a lower k than the loglikelihood ; though more complex models may yield higher likelihood  , AIC offers a better basis for model averaging 3. Moreover  , we may draw random samples around the expecta­ tion so as to effectively cover the peak areas of the real likelihood function. The last two prefix-global features are similar to likelihood features 7 and 8  , but here they can modify the ranking function explicitly rather than merely via the likelihood term. The pairs with the highest likelihood can then be expected to represent instances of succession. We follow the typical generative model in Information Retrieval that estimates the likelihood of generating a document given a query  , pd|q. 'Alternative schemes  , such as picking the minimum distance among those locations I whose likelihood is above a certain threshold are not guaranteed to yield the same probabilistic bound in the likelihood of failure. We use the Predict function in the rms R package 19 to plot changes in the estimated likelihood of defect-proneness while varying one explanatory variable under test and holding the other explanatory variables at their median values. The log-likelihood function splits with respect to any consumption of any user  , so there is ample room for parallelizing these procedures. However  , in many cases  , MLE is computationally expensive or even intractable if the likelihood function is complex. As previously discussed  , the problem of the BM method 21 is that inaccuracies in the map lead to non-smooth values of the likelihood function  , with drastic variations for small displacements in the robot pose variable x t . The results achieved by query likelihood models with the submodular function are promising compared with conventional diversity promotion technique. The observation likelihood is computed once for each of the samples  , so tracking becomes much more computationally feasible. Inference and learning in these models is typically intractable  , and one must resort to approximate methods for both. During the E-step we compute the expectations for latent variable assignments using parameter values from the previous iteration and in the M-step  , given the expected assignments we maximize the expected log complete likelihood with respect to the model parameters. We expected the first prefix-global feature to receive a large negative weight  , guided by the intuition that humans would always go directly to the target as soon as this is possible. Analytically  , this probability is identical to the likelihood of the test set  , but instead of maximizing it with respect to the parameters  , the latter are held fixed at the values that maximize the likelihood on the training set. Our motivation for using AIC instead of the raw log-likelihood is evident from the different extrema that each function gives over the domain of candidate models. Instead of assuming an unrealistic measurement uncertainty for each range as previous works do  , we have presented an accurate likelihood model for individual ranges  , which are fused by means of a Consensus Theoretic method. is said the cumulative intensity function and is equivalent to the mean value function of an NHPP  , which means the expected cumulative number of software faults detected by time t. In the classical software reliability modeling  , the main research issue was to determine the intensity function λt; θ  , or equivalently the mean value function Λt; θ so as to fit the software-fault count data. Then  , a grid search is used to determine C and α that maximize the likelihood function. Generally  , if f x is a multivariate normal density function with mean µ and variancecovariance matrix Σ. where αi and α k are Lagrange multipliers of the constraints with respect to pnvj |z k   , we need to consider the original PLSA likelihood function and the user guidance term. Since the maximum value is 3 the interval estimate has -yg-  , a high confidence level. Results. The output function for each state was estimated by using the training data to compute the maximum-likelihood estimate of its mean and covariance matrix. The first term of the above equation is the likelihood function or the so-called observation model. This learning goal is equivalent to maximizing the likelihood of the probabilistic KCCA model 3. We then found the parameter values that maximized the likelihood function above. Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. Integrating all the factors together  , we obtain the following log-likelihood objective function: We adopt the influences learned in the previous stage as the input factors  , and learn the weighting parameters. In that work  , a deformable template method is used to optimize a likelihood function based on the proposed model. To obtain a usable likelihood function L  , it is required to collect a sufficient amount of real-world data to approximate the values of µ  , τ  , σ for each distribution D i . However  , finding the central permutation σ that maximizes the likelihood is typically very difficult and in many cases is intractable 21. σ  , the partition function Zφ  , σ can be found exactly. where F is a given likelihood function parameterized by θ. In some review data sets  , external signals about sentiment polarities are directly available. Blog post opinion retrieval aims at developing an effective retrieval function that ranks blog posts according to the likelihood that they are expressing an opinion about a particular topic. the likelihood with which it can occur in other positions in addition to its true position is now defined for all points in the r-closure set of that piece. We use the ranking function r to select only the top ten strings for further consideration. The estimates from two methods are very close. The unknown parameter 0 α is a scalar constant term and ' β is a k×1 vector with elements corresponding to the explanatory variables. When a document d and a query q are given  , the ranking function 1 is the posterior probability that the document multinomial language model generated query5. In this approach  , documents or tweets are scored by the likelihood the query was generated by the document's model. use dynamic time warping with a cost function based on the log-likelihood of the sequence in question. The partial derivates of the scoring function  , with respect to λ and μ  , are computed as follows: Note that we rank according to the log query likelihood in order to simplify the mathematical derivations. Samples are represented by yellow points  , the vector field depicts the gradient of Lθm. We believe this is a novel result in the sense of minimalistic sensing 7 . One of the common solutions is to use the posterior probability as opposed to the likelihood function. In the final step we normalize the previously computed model weight by applying a relative normalization as described in 26. We select the best landmark for localization by minimizing the expected uncertainty in the robot localization. The likelihood can be written as a function of Purchase times in the observations are generated by using a set of hidden variables θ = {θ 1  , θ2..  , θM } θ m = {βm  , γm}. However  , some tracking artifacts can be seen in Figure 8due to resolution issues in the likelihood function. To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. Then the log-likelihood function of the parameters is We assume that the error ε has a multivariate normal distribution with mean 0 and variance matrix δ 2 I  , where I is an identity matrix of size T . Yet  , the values of the likelihood function provide a simple sort of confidence level for the interval estimates. These metafeatures may help the global ranker to distinguish between two documents that get very similar scores by the query likelihood scoring function  , but for very different reasons. The E-step and M-step will be alternatively executed until the data likelihood function on the whole collection D converges. Finally  , the distribution of θ is updated with respect to its posterior distribution. The second initialization method gives an adequate and fast initialization for many poses an animal can adopt. To get a weighting function representing the likelihood Out of these  , the overall color intensity gradient image I I is set to be the maximum norm of the normalized gradients computed for each color channel see figure 4a. Therefore  , we can utilize convex optimization techniques to find approximate solutions. The Maximum a posteriori estimate MAP is a point estimate which maximizes the log of the posterior likelihood function 3. where pβ is the prior distribution as in Equation2. Figure 1b illustrates the likelihood function for the path. The localization method that we use constructs a likelihood function in the space of possible robot positions. The proposed approach is evaluated on different publicly available outdoor and indoor datasets. The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances. An exponential likelihood function pDT W ij |c j  is calculated using the DTW distance between every trajectory i and the model trajectory j of the motion. For the purposes of discussion  , we consider a standard additive model Zt = Zt + Et to capture this noise and define our likelihood function as the product of terms Such artifacts may be considered a form of topological noise. We then rank the documents in the L2 collection using the query likelihood ranking function 14. reduction of error  , e.g. Ni is the log-likelihood for the corresponding discretization. The proposed model is fitted by optimizing the likelihood function in an iterative manner. When experimented with the synthetic data and real-world data  , the proposed method makes a good inference of the parameters  , in terms of relative error. The returned score is compared with the score of the original model λ evaluated on the input data of 'splitAttempt'. 4 i.e. For GMG  , the plots show the loglikelihoods of models obtained after model size reduction performed using AKM. 2   , we expect that EM will not converge to a reasonable solution due to many local suboptimal maxima in the likelihood function. A standard way of deriving a confidence is to compute the second derivative of the log likelihood function at the MAP solution. We consider fitting such a function to each user individually . We integrate over all the parameters except μs to derive the likelihood function PrC1:m|μs. 1 Several of the design metrics are ratios and many instances show zero denominators and therefore undefined values. In this way  , we insure that undefined instances will not affect the calculation of the likelihood function. The component π k acts as the prior of the clusters' distribution   , which adjusts the belief of relevance according to each cluster. Note that we have estimated the orientation quite accurately using only measurements of the object class label and a pre-defined heuristic spatial likelihood function. This problem's inherent structure allows for efficiency in the maximization procedure. With respect to E  , the log-likelihood function is a maximum when = due to the fact that is positive definite. To make our problem simpler both from an analytical and a numerical standpoint  , we work with the natural logarithm of the likelihood function: Now  , we can try to solve the optimization problem formulated by Equation 7. The EM approach indeed produced significant error reductions on the training dataset after just a few iterations. In the rest of the paper  , we will omit writing the function Ψ for notational simplicity. Our approach performs gradient descent using each sample as a starting point  , then computes the goodness of the result using the obvious likelihood function. A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. c Learning on unlocked table: robot correctly estimates a mass and friction that reproduce the observed trajectory. If there is a probabilistic model for the additional input and the scan matching function is a negative log likelihood  , then integration is straightforward. A state update method asynchronously combines depth and RGB measurement updates to maintain a temporally consistent hand state. The mean of this combined likelihood function will lie over the fingertips  , as desired: p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. Under this alternate objective  , we try to maximize the function: This objective therefore controls for the overall likelihood of a bad event rather than controlling for individual bad events. We omit the details of the derivation dealing with these difficulties and just state the parameters of the resulting vMF likelihood function: are not allowed to take any possible angle in Ê n−1 . 2 The loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model 18   , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. We evaluated the ranking using both the S-precision and WSprecision measures. The probability of a repeat click as a function of elapsed time between identical queries can be seen in Figure 5. In general  , we propose to maximize the following normalized likelihood function with a relative weight c~  , Which importance one gives to predicting terms relative to predicting links may depend on the specific application . The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. The belief update then proceeds as follows: This formulation of the observation function models the fact that a robot can detect a target with the highest likelihood when it is close to the target. Perplexity is a monotonically decreasing function of log-likelihood  , implying that lower perplexity is better since the model can explain the data better. After estimating model parameters   , we have to determine the best fitting model from a set of candidate models. They noted that optimization of the conditional likelihood function is computationally infeasible due to the complexity of structure search. They can be modelled by a probability density function indicating the likelihood that an object is located at a certain position cf. This effect can also be seen as a function of rank  , where friendships are assumed to be independent of their explicit distance. Note that a function T with the threshold property does not necessarily provide an ordering of pages based on their likelihood of being good. In HSI  , for each singer characteristic model  , a logistic function is used as a combination function C s to derive an overall likelihood score. Treating V r as required nodes  , V s as steiner nodes  , and the log-likelihood function as the weight function  , WPCT sp approximately computes an undirected minimum steiner tree T . When ς=1  , then the objective function yields themes which are smoothed over the participant co-occurrence graph. In the above optimization problem we have added a function Rθ which is the regularization term and a constant α which can be varied and allows us to control how much regularization to apply. To achieve better optimization results  , we add an L2 penalty term to the location and time deviations in our objective function in addition to the log likelihood. A new parameter estimate is then computed by minimizing the objective function given the current values of T s = is the negative log likelihood function to be minimized. The second scoring function computes a centrality measure based on the geometric mean of term generation probabilities  , weighted by their likelihood in the entry language model no centrality computation φCONST E  , F  = 1.0 and the centrality component of our model using this scoring function only serves to normalize for feed size. This worked well when the demonstrations were all very similar  , but we found that our weighted squared-error cost function with rate-change penalty yielded better alignments in our setting  , in which the demonstrations were far less similar in size and time scale. In general  , a likelihood function is a function which is used to measure the goodness of fit of a statistical model to actual data. The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. Ideally  , this function will be monotonic with discrepancy in the joint angle space. The sensor model for stationary objects can then be expressed as the dual function of the sensor model for moving objects  , which can be written as On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. Segmentations to piecewise constant functions were done with the greedy top-down method  , and the error function was the sum of squared errors which is proportional to log-likelihood function with normal noise. A cutoff value p 5 0.05 was used to decide whether to continue segmentation. To produce the bounds for our quadratic programming formulation of APA  , we return to the fact from Section 3.3 that the likelihood function for an estimate for cell i is based on the normal probability density function g. As is stated in nearly every introductory statistics textbook  , 99.7% of the total mass of the normal probability density function is found within three standard deviations of the origin . While bearing a resemblance to multi-modal metric learning which aims at learning the similarity or the distance measure from multi-modal data  , the multi-modal ranking function is generally optimized by an evaluation criterion or a loss function defined over the permutation space induced by the scoring function over the target documents. Although the above update rule does not follow the gradient of the log-likelihood of data exactly  , it approximately follows the gradient of another objective function 2. On each axis  , the likelihood probability gets projected as a continuous numeric function with maximum possible score of 1.0 for a value that is always preferred  , and a score of 0.0 for a value that is absent from the table. The geometric mean has a nice interpretation as the reciprocal of the average likelihood of the dataset being generated by the model  , assuming that the individual samples are i.i.d. As mentioned earlier  , a 3D-NDT model can be viewed as a probability density function  , signifying the likelihood of observing a point in space  , belonging to an object surface as in 4 Instead of maximizing the likelihood of a discrete set of points M as in the previous subsection   , the registration problem is interpreted as minimizing the distance between two 3D-NDT models M N DT F and M N DT M. With this parameterization of λt  , maximum-likelihood estimates of model parameters can be numerically calculated efficiently no closed form exists due to the integral term in Equation 6. The coefficients C.'s will be estimated through the maximi- ' zation of a likelihood function  , built in the usual fashion  , i.e. This function is used in the classification step and represents the probability of a motion trajectory being at a certain DTW distance from the model trajectory  , given that it belongs to this class of motions c j . For mathematical convenience  , l=lnL  , the loglikelihood  , is usually the function to be maximized. The coefficients co and cl are estimated through the maximization of a likelihood function L  , built in the usual fashion   , i.e. Combining these two values using a weighted sum function  , a final function value is calculated for every image block  , and the image block is categorized into one of the three classes: picture  , text  , and background. Since the resulting NHPP-based SRM involves many free parameters   , it is well known that the commonly used optimization technique such as the Newton method does not sometimes work well. From the likelihood function corresponding to a particular observed inspection result one can compute estimates for the number of defects contained in the document in a standard way. As long as the inspection likelihood function Ir is monotonically nonincreasing  , the expected cumulative score of visited pages is maximized when pages are always presented to users in descending order of their true score SWp  , q. The child in the central position controlled the 'next page' function in each case observed  , without input from the other users  , except in cases where the mouse-controlling child was too slow in clicking over to the next page. Due to space constraints  , the examples in this paper focus around the reliability requirement  , defined as the likelihood of loss of aircraft function or critical failure is required to be less than 10 -9 per flight hour 10 . The recent rapid expansion of access to information has significantly increased the demands on retrieval or classification of sentiment information from a large amount of textual data. This global objective function is hard to evaluate. Table 3shows these results. where the first term is the log-likelihood over effective response times { ˜ ∆ i }  , and the second term the sum of logactivity rates over the timestamps of all the ego's responses. Table 1describes how the scoring function is computed by each method. Mukhopadyay et al. Analogous to 4  , our key observation is that even if the domains are different between the training and test datasets  , they are related and still share similar topics from the terms. This model also shows the potential ability to correct the order of a question list by promoting diversified results on the camera dataset. Another widely used ranking function  , referred to as Occ L   , is defined by ranking terms according to their number of occurrences  , and breaking the ties by the likelihood. We define our ranking in Section 4.1 and describe its offline and online computation components in Sections 4.2 and 4.3  , respectively. Therefore   , ranking according to the likelihood of containing sentiment information is expected to serve a crucial function in helping users. In a uniform environment  , one might set $q = VolumeQ-l  , whereas a non-uniform 4 would be appropriate to monitor targets that navigate over preidentified areas with high likelihood. The code generator or translator produces a sequence of function calls in Adept's robot programming language  , V+  , that implement the given plan in our workcell. The importance factor is a weighting for particles that indicates the likelihood of the particle state being the true vehicle state. The second is a hand likelihood function over the whole RGB image that is computed quickly  , but with higher false positives. Specifically  , we assume that there exists a probability density function p : Π → 0  , 1   , that models the likelihood of each possible trajectory in Π being selected by each evader. We iterate over the following two steps: 1 The E-Step: define an auxiliary function Q that calculates the expected log likelihood of the complete data given the last estimate of our model  , ˆ θ: In the next section we will provide an example of how the approach can be implemented. Learning RFG is to estimate the remaining free parameters θ  , which maximizes the log-likelihood objective function Oθ. More specifically  , our approach assigns to each distance value t  , a density probability value which reflects the likelihood that the exact object reachability distance is equal to t cf. Note that the comparison is fair for all practical purposes  , since the LD- CNB models use only one additional parameter compared to CNB. One of the early influential work on diversification is that of Maximal Marginal Relevance MMR presented by Carbonell and Goldstein in 5. Here mission similarity refers to the likelihood that two queries appear in the same mission   , while missions are sequences of queries extracted from users' query logs through a mission detector. Second  , we use this distribution to derive the maximum-likelihood location of individuals with unknown location and show that this model outperforms data provided by geolocation services based on a person's IP address. We show how the function s may be estimated in a manner similar to the one used for w above  , and we empirically compare the performance of the recency-based model versus the quality-based model. P is a function that describes the likelihood of a user transitioning to state s after being in state s and being allocated task a. R describes the reward associated with a user in state s and being allocated task a. Thus  , we employ a block coordinate descent method  , using a standard gradient descent procedure to maximize the likelihood with respect to w or s or T . We treat this as a ranking problem and find the top-k followers who are most likely to retweet a given post. We would expect that in the first case  , the learned model would look very similar to baseline query likelihood efficient but not effective. The structure of such a tree should ideally be determined with reference to some cost function which takes into account such parameters as the likelihood of a given error occurring  , the time taken to test for its presence and the time and financial cost in recovery. Unfortunately   , this weight update will often cause all but a few particles' weights to tend to zero after repeated updating  , even with the most carefully-chosen proposal distribution 7. which only requires knowledge and evaluation of the measurement likelihood function p zk |χ i k to update the particles' weights with new sensor measurements. Using the observation model and the likelihood function discussed in section II  , we formulate  , when N O = 1: To compute this number  , we first must be able to computê N H e r k |h i   , as the expected number of remaining hypotheses if the robot moves to e r k given that h i is the true position hypothesis. The derivation of the gradient and the Hessian of the log-likelihood function are described below specifically for the SO3 manifold. Assuming that the training labels on instance j make its state path unambiguous   , let s j denote that path  , then the first-derivative of the log-likelihood is L-BFGS can simply be treated as a black-box optimization procedure  , requiring only that one provide the firstderivative of the function to be optimized. In addition   , it also demotes the general question which was ranked at the 8th position  , because it is not representative of questions asking product aspects. A fast computation of the likelihood  , based on the edge distance function  , was used for the similarity measurement between the CAD data and the obtained microscopic image. Thus  , whenever N i is located in the occupied region of a reading  , the likelihood of the reading is approximately the maximum. We modify it for the purpose of automatic relevance detection  , which can be interpreted as embedded feature selection performed automatically when optimizing over the parameters of the kernel to maximize the likelihood: After empirically evaluating a number of kernel functions used in common practice  , in our implementation  , we exploit the rational quadratic function. This is done via a large number of line search optimizations in the hyperparameter space using the GPML package's minimi ze function from hundreds of random seed points  , including the best hyperparameter value found in a previous fit. The likelihood function is determined relying on the ray casting operation which is closely related to the physics of the sensor but suffers from lack of smoothness and high computational expense. The first term in the above integrand is the measurement likelihood function  , which depends on the projection geometry and the noise model. The instance gets projected as a point in this multi-dimensional space. The probability that a target exists is modeled as a decay function based upon when the target was most recently seen  , and by whom. Representation is necessary since the company running the web site wishes to pick a subset of ads such that a certain objective function e.g. Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. Although our experimental setting is a binary classification  , the desired capability from learning the function f b  , k by a GBtree is to compute the likelihood of funding  , which allows us to rank the most appropriate backer for a particular project. The important point to notice is that the predictive variance captures the inherent uncertainty in the function  , with tight error bars in regions of observed data  , and with growing error bars away from observed data. The log-likelihood contains a log function over summations of terms with λt defined by Equation 5  , which can make parameter inference intractable.  Model selection criteria usually assumes that the global optimal solution of the log-likelihood function can be obtained. However  , to calculate the likelihood function  , we have to marginalize over the latent variables which is difficult in our model for both real variables η  , τ   , as it leads to integrals that are analytically intractable  , and discrete variables z1···m  , it involves computationally expensive sum over exponential i.e. However  , it is not true because the likelihood function is represented as the product of the probabilities that the debugging history in respective incremental system testing can be realized. The reason is that we map different overall detection ratios to the same efficiency class  , respectively  , different sets of individual detection ratios to the same span by using the range subdivisions . Thus  , the interval estimate ep is given a high confidence level for the running example. where Fjy  , x is a feature function which extracts a realvalued feature from the label sequence y and the observation sequence x  , and Zx is a normalization factor for each different observation sequence x. This combination of attributes is generally designed to be unique with a high likelihood and  , as such  , can function as a device identifier. The goal of task allocation is to learn a policy for allocating tasks to users that maximizes expected reward. Similarly  , our investigation of the CHROME browser identified security  , portability  , reliability  , and availability as specific concerns. Queries over Changing Attributes -The attributes involved in optimization queries can vary based on the iteration of the query. Therefore  , the estimate of the mean is simply the sample mean  ,  The effectiveness of the MLE is observed by generating a set of samples from a known RCG distribution  , then computing the MLE estimates of the parameters. Similar to the approach shown in Fig- ure 4a  , these weight values are derived from a function of the current position and the distance to the destination position . ω k denotes the combination parameters for each term with emotion e k   , and can be estimated by maximizing log-likelihood function with L2 i.e. 24 proposed a qualitative model of search engine choice that is a function of the search engine brand  , the loyalty of a user to a particular search engine at a given time  , user exposure to banner advertisements  , and the likelihood of a within-session switch from the engine to another engine. First  , they consider w d which consists of the lexical terms in document d. Second  , they posit t d which is the timestamp for d. With these definitions in place  , we may decompose the likelihood function: They approach the problem by considering two types of features for a given document. We address this problem with a dynamic annealing approach that adjusts measurement model entropy as a function of the normalized likelihood of the most recent measurements . In this paper we have addressed the problem of deriving a likelihood function for highly accurate range scanners. The likelihood function for this sensor is modeled like the lane sensor by enumerating two modes of detection: µ s1 and µ s2 . In such a situation  , increasing the arc length of the path over the surface increases the coverage of the surface  , thus leading to a greater likelihood of uniform deposition. The amount of data collected is a function of the scan density  , often expressed as points per row and column  , and area viewed. A key feature of both models  , the motion model and the perceptual model  , is the fact that they are differentiable. Thus the likelihood function of appearance model 1 Appearance Model: Similar to 4  , 10   , the appearance model consists of three components S  , W  , F   , where S component captures temporally stable images  , W component characterizes the two-frame variations  , F component is a fixed template of the target to prevent the model from drifting over time. Simply because the likelihood of generating the training data is maximized does not mean the evaluation metric under consideration  , such as mean average precision  , is also maximized. The data contained in a single power spectrum for example figure  1 is generally modeled by a K dimensional joint probability density function pdf  , Signal detection is typically formulated as a likelihood of signal presence versus absence  , which is then compared to a threshold value. Therefore  , to evaluate the performance of ranking  , we use the standard information retrieval measures. As the activity function at from the previous section can be interpreted as a relative activity rate of the ego  , an appropriate modeling choice is λ 0 t ∝ at  , learning the proportionality factor via maximum-likelihood. The learned parameter can be then used to estimate the relevance probability P s|q k  for any particular aspect of a new user query. Due to the larger number of false positives in the RGB likelihood function  , the covariance of the posterior PDF after an RGB update  , As well as computational advantages  , it allows the covariance of the posterior PDF to be solely controlled by the more reliable depth detector. As A ij in the above equation is an unobservable variable  , we can derive the following expected log likelihood function L 0   : The probability for generating a particular The probability for generating the set of all the attributes  ,   , in a Web page is as follows: where A ij means the i-th useful text fragment belongs to the j-th attribute class. If a trajectory of a person is observed from tracking people function  , we search the nearest 5 clusters to the trajectory and merge likelihood of each exception map to anticipate the person. where F is a function designed to penalize model complexity   , and q represents the number of features currently included in the model at a given point. Formally  , AICC = −2 lnL+2k n n−k+1   , where the hypothesis likelihood function   , L  , with k adjusted parameters shall be estimated from data assuming a prior distribution. As the software development progresses  , we make the lookahead prediction of the number of software faults in the subsequent incremental system testing phase  , based on the NHPP-based SRMs. Therefore  , the interval estimates are all discarded. The results will also show which one of the three point estimates derived from the interval estimate in subsection 2.8 should be used and what relative error to expect. Attributes that range over a broader set of values e.g. One is the time-dependent content similarity measure between queries using the cosine kernel function; another is the likelihood for two queries to be grouped in a same cluster from the click-through data given the timestamp. This procedure assumes that all observations are statistically independent. Also  , the likelihood of choosing a test case may differ across the test pool  , hence we would also need a probability distribution function to accompany the test pool. The system uses a threshold policy to present the top 10 users corresponding to contexts similar above θ = 0.65  , a value determined empirically to best balance the tradeoff between relevance  , and the likelihood of seeing someone else as we go on to describe in following sections. Our approach is based on Theorem 1  , below  , which establishes that the log-likelihood as a function of C and α is unimodal; we therefore develop techniques based on optimization of unimodal multivariate functions to find the optimal parameters. From this point the top N candidates are passed to COGEX to re-rank the candidates based on how well the question is entailed by the given candidate answer. More generally  , let I be the number of samples collected and the probability that an individual j is captured in sample i be pij. The retrieval function is: This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . In our implementation  , the product in Equation 5 is only performed over the query terms  , thereby providing a topicconditioned centrality measure biased towards the query.  Base on latent factor models  , the likelihood of the pairwise similarities are elegantly modeled as a function of the Hamming distance between the corresponding data points. The general idea used in the paper is to create regularization for the graph with the assumption that the likelihood of two nodes to be in the same class can be estimated using annotations of the edge linking the two nodes. Using this probabilistic formulation of the localization problem  , we can estimate the uncertainty in the localization in terms of both the variance of the estimated positions and the probability that a qualitative failure has occurred. On this basis  , we utilize stochastic gradient descent to conduct the unconstrained optimization. By applying the data transform technique  , we can also obtain higher likelihood distribution function and achieve more accurate estimates of distribution parameters. The results of fitting the heteroscedastic model in the data can be viewed below  , > summarylme2 Apart from the random and fixed effects section  , there is a Variance function section. Therefore  , when the likelihood of a region x in a test image is computed  , concepts whose pdf's were estimated from " similar looking " vectors rt will have high a posteriori probability 6. image regions rt from all images labeled with c contribute to the estimate of the probability density function pdf f x|c. Similar to existing work 18   , the document-topic relevance function P d|t for topic level diversification is implemented as the query-likelihood score for d with respect to t each topic t is treated as a query. The re-ranking function is able to promote one question related to RAW files  , which is not included in the candidate question set retrieved by query likelihood model. As fundamental function of GPS receivers  , not only its position measurement data hut also measurement indexes such as DOP Dilution Of Precision  , the number of satellites etc are available from the receiver. A likelihood function is constructed assuming a parameter set  , generating a pdf for each sample based on those parameters  , then multiplying all these pdf's together. The projective contour points of the 3-D CAD forceps in relation to the pose and gripper states were stored in a database. In our case this is computationally intractable; the partition function Zz sums over the very large space of all hidden variables. Hence the quantity In the next section  , a probabilistic membership function PMF on the workspace is developed which describes the likelihood of sensing the object at a given location. Although this method is harder to compute and requires more memory  , the convergence rate is greater near the optimal value than that of the gradient method. This section presents a different perspective on the point set registration problem. We assume that  , when no measurement information is available  , the feature can be anywhere in the 3D space with equal probability i.e. Consider the enormous state space  , and a likelihood function with rather narrow peaks. Using the expectations as well as uncertainties from our fingerprint model inside the new likelihood function  , we evaluate the influence of the new observation model in comparison to our previous results 1. A critical assumption is that evaders' motions are independent of the motions of the pursuer. After some algebra  , we find that the negative logarithm of posterior distribution corresponds to the following expression up to a constant term: Therefore  , in this paper we developed the following alternative method for estimating parameters µ and Σ for model 1 by following the ideas from 12 and taking into account our likelihood function 1. The solutions found by these two methods differ  , however  , in terms of RMS error versus the true trace  , both produce equally accurate traces. The work on diversification of search results has looked into similar objectives as ours where the likelihood of the user finding at least one result relevant in the result set forms the basis of the objective function. Thus  , there are can be no interior maxima  , and the likelihood function is thus maximized at some xv  , where the derivative is undefined. Note that while reputation is a function of past activities of an identity  , trustworthiness is a prediction for the future. for some nonnegative function T . To compute the signal parameter vector w  , we need a likelihood function integrating signals and w. As discussed in §2  , installed apps may reflect users' interests or preferences. However  , even if two different users both install the same app  , their interests or preferences related to that app may still be at different levels. are used in the subsequent M-step to maximize the likelihood function over the true parameters λ and µ. We use predictions from C map to compute the MappingScore  , the likelihood that terminals in P are correct interpretation of corresponding words in S. C map . Predict function of the classifier predicts the probability of each word-toterminal mapping being correct. Based on the estimates of model parameters and the software metrics data  , the predictive likelihood function at the τ + 1-st increment is given by Hence  , we utilize the subjective estimate of Metric 2 predicted by the project manager  , ˆ yτ+1 ,j. Therefore  , one often gets a whole interval of numbers n where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value; in some cases  , one even gets a union of non-adjacent intervals . Figure 1  , the top location has a confidence of 1.0: In the past  , each time some programmer extended the fKeys array   , she also extended the function that sets the preference default values. For this objective  , Eguchi and Lavrenko 3 proposed sentiment retrieval models  , aiming at finding information with a specific sentiment polarity on a certain topic  , where the topic dependence of the sentiment was considered. For this  , we designed a scoring function to quantify the likelihood that a specific user would rate a specific attraction highly and then ranked the candidates accordingly. We estimated 2s + 1 means  , but assumed that all of the output functions shared a common covariance matrix. Specifically  , we represent a value for an uncertain measure as a probability distribution function pdf over values from an associated " base " domain. Consider personalization of web pages based on user profiles. The original language modeling approach as proposed in 9 involves a two-step scoring procedure: 1 Estimate a document language model for each document; 2 Compute the query likelihood using the estimated document language model directly. where is the likelihood function  , a mapping learned by the decoder   , which scores each derivation using the TM and LM. The BNIRL likelihood function can be approximated using action comparison to an existing closed-loop controller  , avoiding the need to discretize the state space and allowing for learning in continuous demonstration domains. Rather than considering only rectangular objects  , we propose approximating the likelihood function by integrating over an appropriate half plane. Large measurement likelihoods indicate that the particle set is distributed in a likely region of space and it is possible to decrease measurement model entropy. 1 We learn the mapping Θ by maximizing the likelihood of the observed times τi→j. This factor is determined by observations made by exteroceptive sensors in this case the camera  , and is a function of the similarity between expected measurements and observed measurements. As already mentioned  , EM converges to a local maximum of the observed data log-likelihood function L. However  , the non-injectivity of the interaural functions μ f and ξ f leads to a very large number of these maxima  , especially when the set of learned positions X   , i.e. Silhouette hypotheses were rendered from a cylindrical 3D body model to an binary image buffer using OpenGL. In addition  , the beam-based sensor models excluding the seeing through problem described in Sec. To maintain a consistent representation of the underlying prior pxdZO:t-l' weight adjustment has to be carried out. The transition probability is defined as a function of the Euclidean distance between each pair of points. Let Y H be the random variable that represents the label of the observed feature vector in the hypothesis space  , and Y F be the random variable that represents the label in the target function. Because of this  , any estimate for which falls outside of this range is quite unlikely  , and it is reasonable to remove all such solutions from consideration by choosing appropriate bounds. We hypothesize that the double Pareto naturally captures a regime of recency in which a user recalls consuming the item  , and decides whether to re-consume it  , versus a second regime in which the user simply does not bring the item to mind in considering what to consume next; these two behaviors are fundamentally different  , and emerge as a transition point in the function controlling likelihood to re-consume. where α is the weight that specifies a trade-off between focusing on minimization of the log-likelihood of document sequence and of the log-likelihood of word sequences we set α = 1 in the experiments  , b is the length of the training context for document sequences  , and c is the length of the training context for word sequences. The likelihood function for the t observations is: Let t be the number of capture occasions observations  , N be the true population size  , nj be the number of individuals captured in the j th capture occasion  , Mt+1 be the number of total unique dividuals caught during all occasions  , p be the probability of an individual robot being captured and fj be the number of robots being observed exactly j times j < t. This differs from the simple-minded approach above  , where only a single starting pose is used for hill-climbing search  , and which hence might fail to produce the global maximum and hence the best map. In the M step  , we treat all the variables in Θ as parameters and estimate them by maximizing the likelihood function. Our rationale for splitting F in this way is that  , according to empirical findings reported in 11  , the likelihood of a user visiting a page presented in a search result list depends primarily on the rank position at which the page appears. The marginal likelihood has three terms from left to right  , the first accounts for the data fit; the second is a complexity penalty term encoding the Occam's Razor principle and the last is a normalisation constant. If an accurate model of the manipulator-object interaction were available  , then the likelihood of a given position measurement could be evaluated in terms of its proximity to an expected position measurement: P ˆ p i |modelx  , u  , where modelx  , u denotes the expected contact position given an object configuration x and manipulator control parameters  , u. We now see that the confusion side helps to eliminate one of the peaks in the orientation estimate and the spatial likelihood function has helped the estimate converge to an accurate value. In MyDNS  , a low aux value increases the likelihood of the corresponding server to be placed high in the list. Table 4 presents results of two sets of experiments using the step + exponential function  , with what we subjectively characterize as " slow " decay and " fast " decay. In order to investigate this issue a relevant set of training data must be generated for a case with potential collisions  , e.g. However  , this pQ normalization factor is useful if we want a meaningful interpretation of the scores as a relative change in the likelihood and if we want to be able to compare scores across different queries. However  , we choose to keep this factor because it helps to provide a meaningful interpretation of the scores as a relative change in the likelihood and allows the document scores to be more comparable across different topics. Therefore  , the AUCEC scores of a random selection method under full credit will depend on the underlying distribution of bugs: large bugs are detected with a high likelihood even when inspecting only a few lines at random  , whereas small bugs are unlikely to be detected when inspecting 5% of lines without a good selection function. This ideal situation occurs when a search engine's repository is exactly synchronized with the Web at all times  , such that W L = W. Hence  , we denote the highest possible search repository quality as QW  , where: As long as the inspection likelihood function Ir is monotonically nonincreasing  , the expected cumulative score of visited pages is maximized when pages are always presented to users in descending order of their true score SWp  , q. We do not provide the expressions for computing the gradients of the logarithm of the likelihood function with respect to the configurations' parameters  , because such expressions can be computed automatically using symbolic differentiation in math packages such as Theano 3. That is  , upon disconnection  , the preDisconnect method in the Accounts complet looks up for a customer account that matches the currently visited customer  , and if found  , sets its priority to High  , thereby increasing the likelihood of cloning that complet. For a query q consisting of a number of terms qti  , our reference search engine The Indri search engine would return a ranked list of documents using the query likelihood model from the ClueWeb09 category B dataset: Dqdq ,1  , dq ,2  , ..  , dq ,n where dq ,i refers to the document ranked i for the query q based on the reference search engine's standard ranking function. This way  , the likelihood of a collision occurring due to on-line trajectory corrections is minimal and the resulting inequality constraints may well be handled in a sufficient computational run time a collision detection function call was measured to last 8e10 −7 seconds. In a simple case it is likely that the test for correct assembly would occur first  , followed by tests for the most likely The structure of such a tree should ideally be determined with reference to some cost function which takes into account such parameters as the likelihood of a given error occurring  , the time taken to test for its presence and the time and financial cost in recovery. Indeed  , examining the positive examples in our data as a function of time-of-day and day-of-week  , we observe a greater likelihood of urgent health searching occurring outside of working hours and on weekends Table 4 . The effectiveness of a strategy for a single topic is computed as a function of the ranks of the relevant documents. Using this transfer function and global context as a proxy for δ ctxt   , the fitted model has a log-likelihood of −57051 with parameter β = 0.415 under-ranked reviews have more positive δ ctxt which in turn means more positive polarity due to a positive β. The succession measure defined on the domain of developer pairs can be thought of as a likelihood function reflecting the probability that the first developer has taken over some or all of the responsibilities of the second developer. Thus our idea is to optimize the likelihood part and the regularizer part of the objective function separately in hope of finding an improvement of the current Ψ. We also look at friendship probability as a function of rank where rank is the number of people who live closer than a friend ranked by distance  , and note that in general  , people who live in cities tend to have friends that are more scattered throughout the country. For scalability  , we bucket all the queries by their distance from the center  , enabling us to evaluate a particular choice of C and α very quickly. cur i u can be viewed as a curiousness score mapped from an item's stimulus on the curiosity distribution. CombMNZ requires for each r a corresponding scoring function sr : D → R and a cutoff rank c which all contribute to the CombMNZ score:  We also computed the difference between RRF and individual MAP scores  , 95% confidence intervals  , and p-value likelihood under the null hypothesis that the difference is 0. Note that this differs from when emergency rooms are more likely to receive visits 18  , suggesting that urgent search engine temporal patterns may differ from ER visit patterns. Pseudo negative judgments are sampled from the bottom of a ranked list of a thousand retrieved documents R using the language modeling query likelihood scoring function. The main message to take away from this section is that we use distributed representations sequences of vector states as detailed in §3.1 to model user browsing behavior. This is reflected in Table 6: as the bug-fix threshold increases  , the random AUCEC scores increase as well. Ranked query evaluation is based on the notion of a similarity heuristic  , a function that combines observed statistical properties of a document in the context of a collection and a query  , and computes a numeric score indicating the likelihood that the document is an answer to the query. QLQ  , A + sub achieves significant better results than all the other systems do at 0.01 level for all evaluation metrics  , except for bigram-ROUGE precision score when b = 50 and TFIDF cosine similarity score when b = 100. We compare four methods for identifying entity aspects: TF. IDF  , the log-likelihood ratio LLR 2  , parsimonious language models PLM 3 and an opinion-oriented method OO 5 that extracts targets of opinions to generate a topic-specific sentiment lexicon; we use the targets selected during the second step of this method. However  , since the ultimate position of manipulator contacts on an object is a complex function of the second-order impedances of the manipulator and object  , creating such a model can be prohibitively difficult. For the importance of time in repeat consumption  , we show that the situation is complex. while the one based on the second strategy is  The first function counts  , for all entries considered as possible duplicates  , the ones that are indeed duplicates.