We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. This clearly illustrates the strength of our approach in handling noisy data. First  , we used the data extracted from DBpedia consisting of the 52 numeric & textual data properties of the City class to test our proposed overall approach SemanticTyper. We present the maximum MRR achieved by the approaches in each domain in Table 1we observe it occurs when training on all labelled data sources apart from the test source. It is evident from experimental results that our approach has much higher label prediction accuracy and is much more scalable in terms of training time than existing systems. Our approach called SemanticTyper is significantly different from approaches in past work in that we attempt to capture the distribution and hence characteristic properties of the data corresponding to a semantic label as a whole rather than extracting features from individual data values. BSBM supposes a realistic web application where the users can browse products and reviews. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM is built like that 5. BSBM generates a query mix based on 12 queries template and 40 predicates. We randomly generated 100 different query mix of the " explore " use-case of BSBM. We used Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 5 as in 16 with two datasets: 1M and 10M. Each dataset has its own community of 50 clients running BSBM queries. We run an experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M  , hosted on the same LDF server with 2 differents URLs. On the BSBM dataset  , the performance of all systems is comparable for small dataset sizes  , but RW-TR scales better to large dataset sizes  , for the largest BSBM dataset it is on average up to 10 times faster than Sesame and up to 25 times faster than Virtuoso. The two diagrams in Figure 5show how the performance changes  , when the LUBM and BSBM queries are executed on increasingly large datasets. This behavior promotes the local cache. The flow of BSBM queries simulates a real user interacting with a web application. Two synthetic datasets generated using RDF benchmark generators BSBM 2 and SP2B 3 were used for scalability evaluation. Datasets. We extend the BSBM by trust assessments. The generated data is created as a set of named graphs 11. The BSBM executes a mix of 12 SPARQL queries over generated sets of RDF data; the datasets are scalable to different sizes based on a scaling factor. For our tests we use an extended version of the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 10. The queries are in line with the BSBM mix of SPARQL queries and with the BSBM e-commerce use case that considers products as well as offers and reviews for these products. Furthermore   , we developed a mix of six tSPARQL queries. Due to space limitations   , we do not present our queries in detail; we refer the reader to the tSPARQL specification instead. The sp2b uses bibliographic data from dblp 12 as its test data set  , while the bsbm benchmark considers eCommerce as its subject area. The sp2b sparql performance benchmark 17  and the Berlin sparql Benchmark bsbm 3 both aim to test the sparql query engines of rdf triple stores. This is normal because the cache has a limited size and the temporal locality of the cache reduce its utility. As we can see  , the calls to the local cache depends considerably on the size of the data  , the percentage of hit-rate is 47 % in the case of BSBM with 1M  , and it decreased to 11 % for BSBM with 10M. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. However  , for BSBM dataset  , DFSS outperforms ITRMS for both scalability experiments see Figure 4c and Figure 5a. We compare the native SQL queries N  , which are specified in the BSBM benchmark with the ones resulting from the translation of SPARQL queries generated by Morph. Out of the 12 BSBM queries  , we focus on all of the 10 SELECT queries that is  , we leave out DESCRIBE query Q09 and CONSTRUCT query Q12. 5 BSBM is currently focused on SPARQL queries  , therefore we plan to develop a set of representative SPARQL/Update operations to cover all features of our approach. Furthermore  , we will evaluate the performance and expressiveness of our approach with the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM. We found that for the BSBM dataset/queries the average execution time stays approximately the same  , while the geometric mean slightly increases. garbage collections. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark 17 BSBM also generates fulltext content and person names. In the area of RDF stores  , a number of benchmarks are available. Figure 6 shows the results of these evaluations. For this  , we measured the performance on large BSBM and LUBM data sets while varying the number of nodes used. For more details of the evaluation framework please refer to 15 ,16. We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 2 to set up the experiment environment. Therefore  , 5 entries in the profile is sometimes not enough to compute a good similarity. The query mix of BSBM use often 16 predicates. The experimental results in Table 5show that exploiting the emergent relational schema even in this very preliminary implementation already improves the performance of Virtuoso on a number of BSBM Explore queries by up to a factor of 5.8 Q3  , Hot run. We compare a classic Virtuoso RDF quad table Virt-Quad and this CS-based implementation Virt-CS on the BSBM benchmark at 10 billion triples scale. The geometric mean does not change dramatically  , because most queries do not touch more data on a larger dataset. Finally  , we present our conclusions and future work in Section 5. In Section 4 we describe our evaluation using the BSBM synthetic benchmark  , and three positive experiences of applying our approach in real case projects. We also take into account that resources of BSBM data fall into different classes. For a given resource  , we use this generator to decide the number of owl:sameAs statements that link this resource with other randomly chosen resources. We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator  , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method. In the following sections we will provide details of LHD-d  , and evaluate it afterwards in the above environment. Our extension  , available from the project website  , reads the named graphs-based datasets  , generates a consumer-specific trust value for each named graph  , and creates an assessments graph. Figure 6shows the distribution of queries over clients. As in the previous experimentation  , we run a new experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M hosted on the same LDF server with 2 different URLs. The size of table productfeatureproduct is significantly bigger than the table product 280K rows vs 5M rows. BSBM SQL 5 is a join of four tables product  , product   , productfeatureproduct  , and productfeatureproduct . For the LUBM dataset/queries the geometric mean stays approximately the same  , whilst the average execution time decreases. In this section we further study the distribution of co-reference in Linked Data to set up an environment in which LHD-d is evaluated. We generate co-reference for each class separately to make sure that resources are only equivalent to those of the same class. In Section 3 we formalise our extension to consider R2RML mappings. Figure 4bshows that the number of calls answered by caches are proportional with the size of the cache. We used the following parameters: BSBM 10M  , 10 LDF clients  , and RP S view = 4 and CON view = 9. Query Load. Two set of queries are used to perform two tasks: building a type summary and calculating some bibliometrics-based summary. We experimented with BSBM 4 and SP2B 29 datasets  , varying the sizes of data.  BSBM SQL 4 contains a join between two tables product and producttypeproduct and three subqueries  , two of them are used as OR operators. However  , in some queries the translation results show significant differences  , such as in Q04 and Q05. As we can see  , ≈40 % of calls are handled by the local cache  , regardless the number of clients. The SP 2 Bench and BSBM were not considered for our RDF fulltext benchmark simply due to the fact of their very recent publication. Both benchmarks pick terms from dictionaries with uniform distribution. The BSBM benchmark 1 is built around an e-commerce use case  , and its data generator supports the creation of arbitrarily large datasets using the number of products as scale factor. courses  , students  , professors are generated. Although not included here  , we also evaluated those queries using D2R 0.8.1 with the –fast option enabled. The measured total time for a run includes everything from query optimization until the result set is fully traversed  , but the decoding of the results is not forced. For BSBM we executed the same ten generated queries from each category  , computed the category average and reported the average and geometric mean over all categories. During query execution the engine determines trust values with the simple  , provenance-based trust function introduced before. To measure how determining trust values may impact query execution times we use our tSPARQL query engine with a disabled trust value cache to execute the extended BSBM. Enriching these benchmarks with real world fulltext content and fulltext queries is very much in our favor. Additionally  , a subset of the realworld data collection Biocyc 1 that consists of 1763 databases describing the genome and metabolic pathways of a single organism was used. Most surprisingly  , the RDFa data that dominates WebDataCommons and even DBpedia is more than 90% regular. We see that synthetic RDF benchmark data BSBM  , SP2B  , LUBM is fully relational  , and also all dataset with non- RDF roots PubMed  , MusicBrainz  , EuroStat get > 99% coverage. For this setting  , the chart in Figure 9b depicts the average times to execute the BSBM query mix; furthermore  , the chart puts the measures in relation to the times obtained for our engine with a trust value cache in the previous experiment. The situation changes for a local cache with 10 ,000 entries  , in this case  , the hit-rate of local cache is 59 % and 28 % for behavioral cache  , only 13 % of calls are forwarded to the server. The BSBM SPARQL queries are designed in such a way that they contain different types of queries and operators  , including SELECT/CONTRUCT/DESCRIBE  , OPTIONAL  , UNION. We have run all queries with 20 times with different parameters  , in warm mode run. The resulting sets of queries together with query plans generated by PostgreSQL9.1.9  , and the resulting query evaluation time are available at http://bit.ly/15XSdDM. To understand this behaviour better  , we analyzed the query plans generated by the RDBMS. We can observe that all translation types native  , C  , SQE  , SJE  , SQE+SJE have similar performance in most of BSBM queries  , ranging from 0.67 to 2.60 when normalized  ing to the native SQL queries. We executed ten runs of each LUBM query and in the diagrams report both the average and geometric mean over the fastest runs. The Social Intelligence BenchMark SIB 11  is an RDF benchmark that introduces the S3G2 Scalable Structure-correlated Social Graph Generator for generating social graphs that contain certain structural correlations. In the same spirit  , the corresponding SQL queries also consider various properties such as low selectivity  , high selectivity  , inner join  , left outer join  , and union among many others. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. To measure the impact of this extension on query execution times we compare the results of executing our extended version of the BSBM with ARQ and with our tSPARQL query engine. As presented in Section 4.2 tSPARQL redefines the algebra of SPARQL in order to consider trust values during query execution. As the chart illustrates  , determing trust values during query execution dominates the query execution time. The data generator is able to generate datasets with different sizes containing entities normally involved in the domain e.g. , products  , vendors  , offers  , reviews  , etc. The BSBM benchmark 5  focuses on the e-commerce domain and provides a data generation tool and a set of twelve SPARQL queries together with their corresponding SQL queries generated by hand. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. Both benchmarks allow for the creation of arbitrary sized data sets  , although the number of attributes for any given class is lower than the numbers found in the ssa. While the BSBM benchmark is considered as a standard way of evaluating RDB2RDF approaches  , given the fact that it is very comprehensive  , we were also interested in analysing real-world queries from projects that we had access to  , and where there were issues with respect to the performance of the SPARQL to SQL query rewriting approach. All the resulting queries together with their query plans are also available at http://bit.ly/15XSdDM. Nevertheless  , this approach is clearly not scalable e.g. , in Q07 and Q08 the system returned an error while performing the operations  , while the native and the translation queries could be evaluated over the database system. In all the cases  , we compare the queries generated by D2R Server with –fast enabled with the queries generated by Morph with subquery and self-join elimination enabled. Motivated by financial and statistical applications e.g. However  , ranks and orders are not intrinsic to the the basic relational model. Another strength of our approach is that it is a relatively simple and efficient way of incorporating time into statistical relational models. However  , the TVRC framework is flexible enough that it can be used with other statistical relational models e.g. , 10  , 22  , 24 as long as the models can be modified to deal with weighted instances. For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more work Koller  , personal communication. Relational autocorrelation  , a statistical dependency among values of the same variable on related en- tities 7  , is a nearly ubiquitous phenomenon in relational datasets. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. The presence of autocorrelation provides a strong motivation for using relational techniques for learning and inference . In this paper  , we proposed three classification models accounting for non-stationary autocorrelation in relational data. In addition  , the shrinkage approach could easily be incorporated into other statistical relational models that use global autocorrelation and collective inference. To date  , work on statistical relational models has focused primarily on static snapshots of relational datasets even though most relational domains have temporal dynamics that are important to model. This paper presents a new approach to modeling relational data with time-varying link structure. Although there has been some work modeling domains with time-varying attributes  , to our knowledge this is the first model that exploits information in dynamic relationships between entities to improve prediction. We provided empirical evalution on two real-world relational datasets  , but the models we propose can be used for classification tasks in any relational domain due to their simplicity and generality. The ability to represent  , and reason with  , arbitrary cyclic dependencies is another important characteristic of relational models. Promising research directions include: 1 using patterns e.g. , communities in relational data to split train/test data e.g. , stratified by community  , or biased by community; 2 investigating non-random labeling patterns and their impact on error correlation for different collective inference methods ; and 3 investigating how characteristics of relational data affect the power of statistical tests i.e. , Type II error. NCV combined with paired t-tests produces more acceptable levels of Type I error while still providing reasonable levels of statistical power. Access rights may be granted and revoked on views just as though they were ordinary tables. The relational operations join  , restrict and project as well as statistical summaries of tables may be used to define a view. These sizes are then used to determine the CPU  , IO and communication requirements of relational operations such as joins. Conventional models such as System R SAC+79 use statistical models to estimate the sizes of the intermediate results. However  , this work has focused primarily on modeling static relational data. This work has demonstrated that incorporating the characteristics of related instances into statistical models improves the accuracy of attribute predictions. This explanation applies to continuous and discrete variables and essentially any test of conditional independence. We have used the framework of d-separation to provide the first formal explanation for two previously observed classes of statistical dependencies in relational data. The goal of this work is to improve attribute prediction in dynamic domains by incorporating the influence of timevarying links into statistical relational models. There have been some recent efforts to model temporally-varying links to improve automatic discovery of relational communities or groups 4  , 15 but this work has not attempted to exploit the temporal link information in a classification context . Indeed  , the results we report for LGMs using only the class labels and the link information achieve nearly the same level of performance reported by relational models in the recent literature. This allows the model to consider a wider range of dependencies to reduce bias while limiting potential increases in variance and promises to unleash the full power of statistical relational models. In a relational DBMS  , a view is defined as a " virtual table " derived by a specific query on one or more base tables . This paper presents the Kylin Ontology Generator KOG  , an autonomous system that builds a rich ontology by combining Wikipedia infoboxes with WordNet using statistical-relational learning. KOG also maps attributes between related classes  , allowing property inheritance. One motivation for modeling time-varying links is the identification of influential relationships in the data. This information is necessary to derive accurate relational statistics that are needed by the relational optimizer to accurately estimate the cost of the query workload. The first task in the system is to extract statistical information about the values and structure from the given XML document  , and this is done by the StatiX module. This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. CONCLUSION Some aspects of a theory of probabilistic databases  , applicable alao to relational data  , have been outlined. In this work  , we propose the Time Varying Relational Classifier TVRC framework—a novel approach to incorporating temporal dependencies into statistical relational models. Thus  , the topics of recent references are likely to be better indicators than the topics of references that were published farther in the past. Researchers always use tables to concisely display their latest experimental results or statistical data. Tables present structural data and relational information in a two-dimensional format and in a condensed fashion. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependence between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. More formally  , autocorrelation is defined with respect to a set of related instance pairs Whereas in the CONTROL condition 20% of the adjectives chosen belonged to the machine category  , 20% to the humanized one and 60% to the relational one. Regarding the multiple adjective choice  , even if not supported by statistical significance  , we observe that children in the OAT condition chose no machine category adjectives  , 30% of the chosen adjectives belonged to the humanized category and 70% to the relational one. Instead of storing the data in a relational database  , we have proposed to collect Statistical Linked Data reusing the RDF Data Cube Vocabulary QB and to transform OLAP into SPARQL queries 14. The predominant way in industry is ROLAP since 1 it can be deployed on any of the widely-used relational databases  , 2 industry-relevant data such as from accounting and customer relationship management often resemble star schemas 17 and 3 research has focused on optimising ROLAP approaches 15. We chose statistical data  , because 1 there is clear need to integrate the data and 2 although the data sets are covering semantically similar topics  , standardization usually does not cover the object properties  , only the code lists themselves  , if at all. While our use case has been motivated by statistical data  , a lot of Linked Data sources share this data model structure  , since many of them are derived from relational databases. Each infobox template is treated as a class  , and the slots of the template are considered as attributes/slots. They are  , however  , at a disadvantage in interactivity  , graphical presentation and popularity of the computational language. On the other hand  , there are existing computational engines without scalability or fragmentation problems and with a well-defined computational algebra  , for example  , OLAP 7  , 8  , Statistical 12 and Relational engines. The difference between the two proportions is strongly statistically significant  2 =20.09 with probability 1%  , two-tailed p=0.0001. Recent research has demonstrated the utility of modeling relational information for domains such as web analyt- ics 5  , marketing 8 and fraud detection 19. For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more likely to share the same topic than randomly selected pages 23  , and movies made by the same studio are more likely to have similar box-office returns than randomly selected movies 6. IE can only be employed if sensory information is available that is relevant to a relation  , deductive reasoning can only derive a small subset of all statements that are true in a domain and relational machine learning is only applicable if the data contains relevant statistical structure. Powerful methods have been developed for all three approaches and all have their respective strengths and shortcomings. Although there are probably a number of heuristic ways to combine sensory information and the knowledge base with machine learning  , it is not straightforward to come up with consistent probabilistic models. Relational machine learning attempts to capture exactly these statistical dependencies between statements and in the following we will present an approach that is suitable to also integrate sensory information and a knowledge base. In this paper  , we intend to give an empirical argument in favor of creating a specialised OLAP engine for analytical queries on Statistical Linked Data. We expect that  , similar to general-purpose relational databases  , a " one size fits all " 17 triple store will not scale for analytical queries. Recent work has only just begun to incorporate temporal information into statistical relational models. For example  , a sensor may be recording the position of an object moving through a building and this may inform predictions about the properties of the object. Some initial work has focused on transforming temporal-varying links and objects into static aggregated features 19 and other work has focused on modeling the temporal dynamics of time-varying attributes in static link structures 13. Our initial investigation has shown that modeling the interaction among links and attributes will likely improve model generalization and interpretability. To date  , work on statistical relational models has focused on models of attributes conditioned on the link structure e.g. , 23  , or on models of link structure conditioned on the attributes e.g. , 11 . Positing the existence of groups decouples the search space into a set of biased abstractions and could be considered a form of predicate invention 22. The structure of the SQL Model is: <existing parts of a query block> MODEL PBY cols DBY cols MEA cols <options>  <formula>  , <formula> ,. , <formula>  On the other hand  , DataScope is flexible to browse various relational database contents based on different schemas and ad-hoc ranking functions. Although a few database visualization tools can support certain data exploration  , they are tailored to particular domains e.g. , spatial-temporal data  , predefined schemas  , or fixed visual representation e.g. , statistical charts. Yet  , there is little work on evaluating and optimising analytical queries on RDF data 4 ,5 . Thii attribute enables DBLEARN to output such statistical statements as 8% of all students majoring in Sociology are Asians. As described in q  , each tuple has a system-defined attribute called count which keeps track of the number of original tuples as stored in the relational database that are represented by the current generalized tuple. Two areas for further investigation are: the use of probabilistic dependencies as constrainta  , and the way in which they interact; and the concept of the degree to This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. For these experiments  , we have used the standard parameters for both matchers  , in order to keep it clearer. In this paper we have combined information extraction  , deductive reasoning and relational machine learning to integrate all sources of available information in a modular way. In general  , the approach is most effective when the information supplied via IE is complementary to the information supplied by statistical patterns in the structured data and if reasoning can add relevant covariate information. For example  , pairs of brokers working at the same branch are more likely to share the same fraud status than randomly selected pairs of brokers. The language of non-recursive first-order logic formulas has a direct mapping to SQL and relational algebra  , which can be used as well for the purposes of our discussion  , e.g. We use statistical information criteria during the search to dynamically determine which features are to be included into the model. Disjoint learning ignores the unlabeled instances in the graph during learning see Figure 1b This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. The Comet methodology is inspired by previous work in which statistical learning methods are used to develop cost models of complex user-defined functions UDFs—see 13  , 15—and of remote autonomous database systems in the multidatabase setting 19  , 26. Our ideas  , insights  , and experiences are useful for other complex operators and queries  , both XML and relational. Topic model performance is often measured by perplexity of test data as a function of statistical word frequencies  , ignoring word order. We use the current 3.2 million Wikipedia titles as our knowledge base to perform lexical parsing on all of the titles  , extracting relational argument structure to explore its potential use on topic modeling. We used as our backend retrieval system the IBM DB2 Net Search Extender  , which allows convenient combination of relational and fulltext queries. For the second run  , this score was combined with that of a statistical model that was trained to distinguish documents that are referred to by GeneRIFs from those that are not. Such probabilistic dependencies cannot easily be captured in logical expressions and typically are also not documented in textual or other sensory form. We also propose a way to estimate the result sizes of SPARQL queries with only very few statistical information. In this paper  , we show that existing techniques from relational systems  , such as query rewriting and cost based optimization for join ordering can be adopted to federated SPARQL. In FJS97   , a statistical approach is used for reconstructing base lineage data from summary data in the presence of certain constraints . In CWW00  , DB2  , Sto75Figure 2: Source data set for Order erating lineage tracing procedures automatically for various classes of relational and multidimensional views  , but none of these approaches can handle warehouse data created through general transformations. In addition  , we will cast the model in a more principled graphical model framework  , formulating it as a latent variable model where the summary " influence " weights between pairs of nodes are hidden variables that change over time and affect the statistical dependencies between attribute values of incident nodes. This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. Collective inference models have recently been shown to produce more accurate predictions than disjoint inference models 7  , 11. The characteristics of such domains form a good match with our method: i links between documents suggest relational representation and ask for techniques being able to navigate such structures; " flat " file domain representation is inadequate in such domains; ii the noise in available data sources suggests statistical rather than deterministic approaches  , and iii often extreme sparsity in such domains requires a focused feature generation and their careful selection with a discriminative model  , which allows modeling of complex  , possibly deep  , but local regularities rather than attempting to build a full probabilistic model of the entire domain. Linked document collections  , such as the Web  , patent databases or scientific publications are inherently relational   , noisy and sparse. To address the shortcomings of this conventional approach   , we described in this paper statistics on views in Microsoft SQL Server  , which provide the optimizer with statistical information on the result of scalar or relational expressions. Depending on the data set and the makeup of the query  , " bad plans " can be triggered by changes as simple as creating a new index or adding a few rows to a table. Even if privacy and confidentiality are in place  , to be practical  , outsourced data services should allow sufficiently expressive client queries e.g. , relational operators such as JOINs with arbitrary predicates without compromising confidentiality. This is important because today's outsourced data services are fundamentally insecure and vulnerable to illicit behavior  , because they do not handle all three dimensions consistently and there exists a strong relationship between such assurances: e.g. , the lack of access pattern privacy usually allows for statistical attacks compromising data confidentiality . In this tutorial  , we will explore the challenges of designing and implementing robust  , efficient  , and scalable relational data outsourcing mechanisms  , with strong security assurances of correctness  , confidentiality  , and data access privacy. Therefore  , we can conclude that attribute partitioning is important to a SDS. Attribute partitioning HAMM79 is another term for a transposed file scheme within a relational database  , As stated in BORA62  , such schemes are useful in statistical database systems because although the relations often contain many attributes  , usually only a few are referenced in any one query  , Additionally  , attribute partitioning is useful in compression schemes that depend on physical adjacency of identical values EGGEBO  , EGGEBl  , TURN79. To support the integration of traditional Semantic Web techniques and machine learning-based  , statistical inferencing  , we developed an approach to create and work with data mining models in SPARQL. Moreover  , we think that the fact that companies such as Microsoft and Oracle have recently added data mining extensions to their relational database management systems underscores their importance  , and calls for a similar solution for RDF stores and SPARQL respectively. The goal of this paper is to combine the strengths of all three approaches modularly  , in the sense that each step can be optimized independently. Contributions of this paper are centered around four analytical query approaches listed in the following – We compare the performance of traditional relational approaches RDBMS / ROLAP and of using a triple store and an RDF representation closely resembling the tabular structure OLAP4LD-SSB. Our future work will include an extension to the the temporal summarization scheme to model temporally varying attributes and an investigation of alternative kernels and relational models. If there is a significant influence effect then we expect the attribute values in t + 1 will depend on the link structure in t. On the other hand  , if there is a significant homophily effect then we expect the link structure in t + 1 will depend on the attributes in t. If either influence or homophily effects are present in the data  , the data will exhibit relational autocorrelation at any given time step t. Relational autocorrelation refers to a statistical dependency between values of the same variable on related objects—it involves a set of related instance pairs  , a variable X defined on the nodes in the pairs  , and it corresponds to the correlation between the values of X on pairs of related instances. Figure 1illustrates influence and homophily dependencies. Thus in a file where the records have several fields each  , all the first fields are stored together  , then all the second  , and so on. Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. GGGP is an extension of genetic programming. The term "Genetic Programming" was first introduced by Koza 12 and it enables a computer to do useful things by automatic programming. The proposed approach provides the generation of the error recovery logic using a method called Genetic Programming GP. However  , whether the balance can be achieved by genetic programming used by GenProg has still been unknown so far. Compared to random search  , genetic programming used by GenProg can be regard as efficient only when the benefit in terms of early finding a valid patches with fewer number of patch trials  , brought by genetic programming  , has the ability of balancing the cost of fitness evaluations  , caused by genetic programming itself. The problems all shared a common set of primitives. We used strongly typed genetic programming Finally  , GGGP was applied to create reference models. The core of this engine is a machine learning technique called Genetic Programming GP. 10. Given a problem  , the basic idea behind genetic programming 18 is to generate increasingly better solutions of the given problem by applying a number of genetic operators to the current population . As we have formalized link specifications as trees  , we can use Genetic Programming GP to solve the problem of finding the most appropriate complex link specification for a given pair of knowledge bases. For simplification  , we can measure the efficiency of GenProg using the NTCE when a valid patch is found 39. Communication fitness for controller of Figure  93503 for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. In Section 2  , we provide background information on term-weighting components and genetic programming. This paper is organized as follows. l   , who used genetic programming to evolve control programs for modular robots consisting of sliding-style modules 2  , 81. al. Several program repair approaches assume the existence of program specification. We have compared our technique with genetic programming 2  , 6. First  , the initial population is generated  , and then genetic operators  , such as Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. One of the key problems of genetic programming is that it is a nondeterministic procedure. Genetic operators simulate natural selection mechanisms such as mutation and reproduction to enable the creation of individuals that best abide by a given fitness function. These primitives were d e signed to aid genetic programming in finding a solution and either encapsulated problem specific information or low-level information that was thought to be helpful for obtaining a solution. In addition  , gradient primitives   , shown to be effective for communication in modular robots We also gave the genetic programming runs additional primitives for each problem. In this paper  , however  , we plan to further investigate whether genetic programming used by GenProg has the better performance over random search  , when the actual evolutionary search has started to work. They doubted that the promising results may not be brought by genetic programming used by GenProg  , because the patch search problem can be easy when random search would have likely yielded similar results. Determining which information to add was the result of parallel attempts to examine the unsuccessful results produced by the genetic programming and attempts to hand code problem solutions. We defer discussing the possible reason to Section 6. Answer for RQ1: In our experiment  , for most programs 23/24  , random search used by RSRepair performs better in terms of requiring fewer patch trials to search a valid patch than genetic programming used by GenProg  , regardless of whether genetic programming really starts to work see Figure 1 or not. In this paper  , we try to investigate the two questions via the performance comparison between genetic programming and random search. Furthermore  , the question of whether the benefit brought by genetic programming can balance the cost caused by fitness evaluations is not addressed. One novel part of our work is that we use a Genetic Programming GP based technique called ARRANGER Automatic geneRation of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming to discover ranking functions automatically Fan 2003a. But most of those ranking functions are manually designed by experts based on heuristics  , experience  , observations  , and statistical theories. Ranking functions usually could not work consistently well under all situations. We compared EAGLE with its batch learning counterpart. In this paper we presented EAGLE  , an active learning approach for genetic programming that can learn highly accurate link specifications. Other researchers used classifier systems 17  or genetic programming paradigm 3  to approach the path planning problem. Both approaches assume a predefined map consisting of fixed knot points. RQ2 is designed to answer the question. proposed GenProg  , an automatic patch generation technique based on genetic programming. However  , we could not fully verify the qualifications of the survey participants.  In Section 3  , we present our Combined Component Approach for similarity calculation. Individuals in the new generation are produced based on those in the current one. Genetic Programming searches for the " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. 19  select ranking functions using genetic programming   , maximizing the average precision on the training data. As a follow-on to this work  , Lacerda et al. GP maintains a population of individual programs. Genetic programming GP is a computational method inspired by biological evolution  , which discovers computer programs tailored to a particular task 19. Individuals in a new generation are produced based on those in the previous one. Genetic Programming searches for an " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. The entity resolution ER problem see 14 ,3  for surveys shares many similarities with link discovery. Later  , approaches combining active learning and genetic programming for LD were developed 10 ,21. An individual represents a tentative solution for the target problem. In Genetic Programming  , a large number of individuals  , called a population  , are maintained at each generation. We are not surprised for this experimental results. Then  , why does genetic programming  , a fitness evaluation directed search  , perform worse than a purely random search in our experiment ? 17  propose matching ads with a function generated by learning the impact of individual features using genetic programming. A. Lacerda et al. This approach randomly mutates buggy programs to generate several program variants that are possible patch candidates. The 'Initial Repair' heading reports timing information for the genetic programming phase and does not include the time for repair minimization. Successful repairs were generated for each program. for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. collision avoidance as well as helping achieve the overall task. 7  proposed a new approach to automatically generate term weighting strategies for different contexts  , based on genetic programming GP. Fan et al. Interested readers can reference that paper or  The details of our system and methodology for Genetic Programming GP are discussed in our Robust track paper. Generate an initial population of random compositions of the functions and terminals of the problem solutions. Genetic programming uses four steps to solve problems: 1. GP is expansion of GA in order to treat structural representation. Genetic ProgrammingGP is the method of learning and inference using this tree-based representation". As our time and human resources were limited for taking two tasks simultaneously  , in this task we only concentrate on testing our ranking function discovery technique  , ARRANGER Automatic Rendering of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming Fan 2003a  , Fan 2003b  , which uses Genetic Programming GP to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for various information needs. We submitted results on both topic distillation and home page/named page finding tasks. Given the problem  , RQ1 asks whether genetic programming used by GenProg works well to benefit the generation of valid patches. Although some promising results for GenProg have been presented in some recent serial papers 40  , 23  , 21  , 38  , 10  , 22  , the problem of whether the promising results are got based on the guidance of genetic programming or just because the mutation operations are powerful enough to tolerate the inaccuracy of used fitness function has never been studied. Although promising results have been shown in their work  , the problem of whether the promising results are caused by genetic programming or just because the used mutation operations are very effective is still not be addressed. Both GenProg and Par use the same fault localization technique to locate faulty statements  , and genetic programming to guide the patch search  , but differ in the concrete mutation operations. Genetic Programming GP 14 is a Machine Learning ML technique that helps finding good answers to a given problem where the search space is very large and when there is more than one objective to be accomplished. Having this in mind  , we propose a genetic programmingbased approach to handle this problem. Also  , the work in 24  applies Genetic Programming to learn ranking functions that select the most appropriate ads. However  , we propose a learning method to maximize Click-through-Rate CTR for impressions. The experimental results show that the matching function outperforms the best method in 21 in finding relevant ads. We also compared our method with genetic programming based repair techniques. To assess the efficiency and effectiveness of our technique  , we employed SEMFIX tool to repair seeded defects as well as real defects in an open source software. Genetic programming approaches support more complex repairs but rely on heuristics and hence lack these important properties. Our focus on constant prints allows us to perform exhaustive search for repairs  , ensuring both completeness and minimality. GP makes it possible to solve complex problems for which conventional methods can not find an answer easily. The return value of a fitness function must appropriately measure how well an individual  , which represents a solution  , can solve the target problem. Our first approach extends a state-of-the-art tag recommender based on Genetic Programming to include novelty and diversity metrics both as attributes and in the objective function 1. We have already proposed and evaluated two different strategies. Koza applied GP Genetic Programming to automatic acquisition of subsum tion architecture to perform wall-following behavior  ?2. So far  , many researchers applied GA to motion acquisition problems for robots or virtual creatures. Given that genetic programming is non-deterministic  , all results presented below are the means of 5 runs. All non-RDF datasets were transformed into RDF and all string properties were set to lower case. Each experiment was ran on a single thread of a server running JDK1.7 on Ubuntu 10.0.4 and was allocated maximally 2GB of RAM. We also employed GenProg to repair the bugs in Coreutils. This confirms that if the repair expression does not exist in other places of the program  , genetic programming based approaches have rather low chance of synthesizing the repair. Learning approaches based on genetic programming have been most frequently used to learn link specifications 5 ,15 ,17. The idea behind active learners also called curious classifiers 18 is to query for the labels of In addition  , it usually requires a large training data set to detect accurate solutions. Another genetic programming-based approach to link discovery is implemented in the SILK framework 15. Thus  , it is only able to learn a subset of the specifications that can be generated by EAGLE. This representation is used as knowledge representation and is considered to suit as knowledge re~resentation~l. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , overtraining is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. They form the ranking function candidate pool. Finally  , we applied data mining DM techniques based on grammar-guided genetic programming GGGP to create reference models useful for defining population groups. This way  , symbolic sequences can be automatically compared to detect similarities  , class patients  , etc. The average time required by SEMFIX for each repair is less than 100 seconds. Out of the 90 buggy programs  , with a test suite size of 50 — SEMFIX repaired 48 buggy programs while genetic programming repaired only 16. We also notice that GenProg failed for all arithmetic bugs. There has also been work on synthesizing programs that meet a given specification. These functions are discovered using genetic programming GP and a state-of-the-art classifier optimumpath forest OPF 3  , 4. The method detects these cases by exploiting a combination of automatically generated similarity functions. We use genetic programming to evolve program variants until one is found that both retains required functionality and also avoids the defect in question. Instead  , it works on off-the-shelf legacy applications and readily-available testcases . A framework for tackling this problem based on Genetic Programming has been proposed and tested. In this paper  , we considered the problem of classification in the context of document collections where textual content is scarce and imprecise citation information exists. Furthermore  , we will aim at devising automatic configuration approaches for EAGLE. The following experiments were run by connecting FX- PAL'S genetic programming system to a modular robot simulator  , built by J. Kubica and S. Vassilvitskii. The expansion and contraction of these arms provide the modules with their only form of motion. Active learning approaches based on genetic programming adopt a comitteebased setting to active learning. In this setting  , the information content of a pair s  , t is usually inverse to its distance from the boundary of C t . As the planning motion  , we give this system vertical movement and one step walk. With this system  , we simulate motion generation hierarchically for six legged locomotion robot using Genetic Programming. Sims studied on co-evolution of motion controller and morphology of rirtual creatures 3. All the experiments were conducted on a Core 2 Quad 2.83GHz CPU  , 3GB memory computer with Ubuntu 10.04 OS. The classifier uses these similarity functions to decide whether or not citations belong to a same author. To this purpose we have proposed randomized procedures based on genetic programming or simulated annealing 8  , 9. Thus  , the choice of the optimal feature sets may require a preliminary feature construction phase. Subsequently  , we give some insight in active learning and then present the active learning model that underlies our work. We show how the discovery of link specifications can consequently be modeled as a genetic programming problem. GP is a machine learning technique inspired by biological evolution to find solutions optimized for certain problem characteristics. To give proper answers for these questions  , we propose a new approach to content-targeted advertising based on Genetic Programming GP. The main inconvenient of this approach is that it is not deterministic. Here  , the mappings are discovered by using a genetic programming approach whose fitness function is set to a PFM. Using an error situation obtained with the sampled parameters  , a fitness unction based on the allowed recovery criteria can be defined. In Genetic Programming  , each member in the population is a computer program for the solution of the problem. We used strongly typed genetic programming The specific primitives added for each problem are discussed with setup of the the initial population  , results of crossover and mutation  , and subtrees created during mutation respectively . The three most common and most important methods are: Genetic programming applies a number of different possible conditions to the best solutions to create the next generation of solutions. The goal of grammarguided genetic programming is to solve the closure problem 7. However  , the computational cost of this approach is extremely high for problems requiring large population sizes 6 . External validity is concerned with generalization. In addition  , in the future we will investigate whether genetic programming has the advantage over random search on fixing bugs existing in multi files. Other approaches based on genetic programming e.g. , 17 detect matching properties while learning link specifications  , which currently implements several time-efficient approaches for link discovery. For example  , 16 relies on the hospital-residents problem to detect property matches. Although they also used genetic programming  , their evaluation was limited to small programs such as bubble sorting and triangle classification  , while our evaluation includes real bugs in open source software. introduced an automatic patch generation technique 5. The 'Time' column reports the wall-clock average time required for a trial that produced a primary repair. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , over-training is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. Only the most robust and consistent functions are selected and they form the ranking function candidate pool. Realizing this  , we use tree-based representation as motion knowledge and construct the system using tree-based representation. Similarly  , the approach presented in 21 assumes that a 1-to-1 mapping is to be discovered. Supervised batch learning approaches for learning such classifiers must rely on large amounts of labeled data to achieve a high accuracy. This paper has reported our initial experiments aimed at investigating whether evolutionary programming  , and genetic programming in particular can evolve multiple robot controllers that utilise communication to improve their ability to collectively perform a task. Communication fitness for controller of Figure  93503 For the last 2 programs in Figure 1b  , the advantage of RSRepair is statistical significance; although there exists no significant difference for the remaining 4 programs due to too small sample sizes no more than 20 in the " Size " column of Figure 1b  , RSRepair has the smaller NCP in terms of Mean and Median. For the representation problem  , GenProg represents each candidate patch as the Abstract Syntax Tree AST of the patched program. As described in 15  , GenProg needs to implement two key ingredients before the application of genetic programming: 1 the representation of the solution and 2 the definition of the fitness function. However  , Andrea Arcuri and Lionel Briand found that GenProg often searched valid patches in the random initialization of the first population before the actual evolutionary search even starts to work. With the hypothesis that some missed important functionalities may occur in another position in the same program  , GenProg attempts to automatically repair defective program with genetic programming 38. GenProg 2 has the ability of fixing bugs in deployed  , legacy C programs without formal specifications. Then  , in this subsection we plan to investigate to what extent genetic programming used by GenProg worsens the repair efficiency over random search used by RSRepair. " Hence  , it is not surprising that GenProg  , most often  , took more time to repair successfully faulty programs  , on average  , in Table  2. Our technique takes as input a program  , a set of successful positive testcases that encode required program behavior  , and a failing negative testcase that demonstrates a defect. Our classification approach combines a genetic programming GP framework  , which is used to define suitable reference similarity functions   , with the Optimum-Path Forest OPF classifier  , a graph-based approach that uses GP-based edge weights to assign input references to the correct authors. The proposed system uses that information along with pure training samples defined by an unsupervised approach   , in a hybrid classification scheme. As we can see  , Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space. Better solutions are obtained either by inheriting and reorganizing old ones or by lucky mutation  , simulating Darwinian Evolution. Further  , given the negative impact of irrelevant ads on credibility and brand of publishers and advertisers  , how to design functions that minimize the placement of irrelevant ads  , especially when the relevant ones are not available ? Then  , we give an overview of the grammar that underlies links specifications in LIMES and show how the resulting specifications can be represented as trees. sKDD transforms the original numerical temporal sequences into symbolic sequences  , defines a symbolic isokinetics distance SID that can be used to compare symbolic isokinetics sequences   , and provides a method  , SYRMO  , for creating symbolic isokinetics reference models using grammar-guided genetic programming. This paper has focused on the I4 project's sKDD subsystem. We developed a genetic programming approach to finding consensus structural motifs in a set of RNA sequences known to be functionally related. Knowing the common structural motifs in a set of coregulated RNA sequences will help us better understand the regulation mechanism. Of these techniques  , GenProg and Par  , the two awardwinning patch generation techniques  , presented the very promising results. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 18. Arithmetic operators and the log function are internal nodes while different numerical features of the query and ad terms can be leafs of the function tree. Their approach relies on formal specifications  , which our approach does not require. Recent work has addressed this drawback by relying on active learning  , which was shown in 15 to reduce the amount of labeled data needed for learning link specifications. For example  , the genetic programming approach used in 7 has been shown to achieve high accuracies when supplied with more than 1000 positive examples. For example   , the approach presented in 5 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. Although unsupervised techniques were newly developed see  , e.g. , 17  , most of the approaches developed so far abide by the paradigm of supervised machine learning. In this paper we have introduced a new approach based on the combination of term weighting components  , extracted from well-known information retrieval ranking formulas  , using genetic programming. Finally  , but not less important  , we also intend to examine closely the discovered best ranking functions to understand better how they work and the reasons for their effectiveness. Genetic Programming has been widely used and approved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management. Computer programs that evolve in ways that resemble natural selection can solve complex problems even their creators do not fully understand " Holland  , 1975. Genetic Programming shows its sharp edge in solving such kind of problems  , since its internal tree structure representation for " individuals " can be perfectly used for describing ranking functions. We can actually treat the ranking function space as a space consists of all kinds of tree structures. Section 2 of the paper gives an overview of the I4 Intelligent Interpretation of Isokinetics Information system  , of which this research is part. A follow-up work 13 proposes a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function. To solve this problem  , Ribeiro- Neto et al expand the page vocabulary with terms from other similar pages weighted based on the overall similarity of the origin page to the matched page  , and show improved matching precision. Guided by genetic programming  , GenProg has the ability to repair programs without any specification  , and GenProg is commonly considered to open a new research area of general automated program repair 26  , 20  , although there also exists earlier e.g. , 5  , 2 and concurrent work on this topic 6. Automated repair techniques have received considerable recent research attentions. Construct validity threats concern the appropriateness of the evaluation measurement. In addition  , in this paper we focus only on the comparison between random search and genetic programming  , in our future work we plan to study random search with the comparison on other repair techniques such as 12  , 5  , 28. In a follow-up work 7 the authors propose a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function. To solve this problem  , Ribeiro-Neto et al expand the page vocabulary with terms from other similar pages weighted based on the overall similarity of the origin page to the matched page  , and show improved matching precision.   , but none of these strategies reaches the level of applicability and the speed of execution of random testing. Several other strategies for input generation have been proposed symbolic execution combined with constraint solving 30  , 18  , direct setting of object fields 5  , genetic programming 29  , etc. In order to answer these questions  , we choose ARRANGER – a Genetic Programming-based discovery engine 910 to perform the ranking function tuning. To copy otherwise  , or republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. Genetic Programming has been widely used and proved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management 119. Computer programs that evolve in ways that resemble natural selection can solve complex problems even their creators do not fully understand " 16. In the following  , we present our implementation of the different GP operators on link specifications and how we combine GP and active learning. This approach is yet a batch learning approach and it consequently suffers of drawbacks of all batch learning approaches as it requires a very large number of human annotations to learn link specifications of a quality comparable to that of EAGLE. The robot modules we consider are the TeleCube modules currently being developed at Xerox PARC 13 and shown in Figure 1 . Still  , none of the active learning approaches for LD presented in previous work made use of the similarity of unlabeled link candidates to improve the convergence of curious classifiers. While the first active genetic programming approach was presented in 4  , similar approaches for LD were developed later 7 ,15 . For example  , the approach presented in 8 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. With regard to the generation of link specifications  , some unsupervised techniques were newly developed see  , e.g. , 22  , but most of the approaches developed so far abide by the paradigm of supervised machine learning. This absence of any system in choosing inputs is also what exposes random testing to the most criticism. 15 proposes an approach based on the Cauchy-Schwarz inequality that allows discarding a large number of superfluous comparisons. Particularly  , we investigate an inductive learning method – Genetic Programming GP – for the discovery of better fused similarity functions to be used in the classifiers  , and explore how this combination can be used to improve classification effectiveness . In this work we try to overcome these problems by applying automatically discovered techniques for fusion of the available evidence. Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space. It provides sound solutions to many difficult problems  , for which people have not found a theoretical or practical breakthrough. Another approach to contextual advertising is to reduce it to the problem of sponsored search advertising by extracting phrases from the page and matching them with the bid phrase of the ads. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 8. These primitives were largely derived directly from the basic actions and abilities of the modules and simple computational constructs. The best computer program that appeared in any generation  , the best-so-far solution  , is designated as the result of genetic programming Koza 19921. Additionally  , our approach synthesizes grasps  , with no a priori constraints on initial grasps  , as opposed to lo  , in which grasp primitives are learned based on a given set of grasp primitives. In addition  , similar to other search-based software engineering SBSE 15  , 14 approaches  , genetic programming often suffers from the computationally expensive cost caused by fitness evaluation  , a necessary activity used to distinguish between better and worse solutions. valid patches much faster  , in terms of requiring fewer patch trials 1   , than random search. That is  , compared to random search  , genetic programming does not bring benefits in term of fewer NCP in this case to balance the cost caused by fitness evaluations. As presented in RQ1  , to find a valid patch  , GenProg  , in most cases  , requires not fewer NCP than RSRepair. 26  introduced the idea of program repair using genetic programming  , where existing parts of code are used to patch faults in other parts of code and patching is restricted to those parts that are relevant to the fault. Weimer et al. We note that this weakness is inherent in any test suite based program repair  , since no formal program specification is given and repairs can only be generated with respect to limited number of given tests. This is the major motivation to choose GP for the ranking function discovery task. Based on the plaintext collection  , our ARRANGER engine  , a Genetic Programming GP based ranking function discovery system  , is used to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for the topic distillation task. Instead  , we construct a " surrogate " plaintext collection by merging full text content with all the anchor information for a page. The function is represented as a tree composed of arithmetic operators and the log function as internal nodes  , and different numerical features of the query and ad terms as leafs. With flexible GP operators and structural motif representations  , our new method is able to identify general RNA secondary motifs. We choose not to record the genetic programming operations performed to obtain the variant as an edit script because such operations often overlap and the resulting script is quite long. For example  , our variants often include changes to control flow e.g. , if or while statements for which both the opening brace { and the closing brace } must be present; throwing away part of such a patch results in a program that does not compile. The isolation of the search strategies from the search space makes the solution compatible with that of Valduriez891 and thus applicable to more general database programming languages which can be deductive or object-oriented Lanzelotte901. This is illustrated by modeling within the same framework different enumerative  , randomized and genetic search strategies  , Furthermore  , we show how the search strategies thus produced can be controlled in the sense that successful termination can be enforced by assertions. Yet  , so far  , none of these approaches has made use of the correlation between the unlabeled data items while computing the set of most informative items. Several approaches that combine genetic programming and active learning have been developed over the course of the last couple of years and shown to achieve high F-measures on the deduplication see e.g. , 4 and LD see e.g. , 15 problems. Furthermore  , affected by GenProg  , Par also uses genetic programming to guide the patch search in the way like GenProg. After that  , general automated program repair has gone from being entirely unheard of to having its own multi-paper sessions  , such as " Program Repair " session in ICSE 2013  , in many top tier conferences 20  , and many researchers justify the advantage of their techniques  , such as Par and SemFix  , via the comparison with GenProg. The fact that it has been successfully applied to similar problems  , has motivated us to use it as a basis for discovering good similarity functions for record replica identification. This approach captures the novelty and diversity of a list of recommended tags implicitly  , by introducing metrics that assess the semantic distance between different tags diversity and the inverse of the popularity of the tag in the application novelty. AutoFix-E 37 can repair programs but requires for the contracts in terms of pre-and post-conditions. Running test cases typically dominated GenProg's runtime " 22  , which is also suitable for RSRepair  , so we use the measurement of NTCE to compare the repair efficiency between GenProg and RSRepair  , which is also consistent with traditional test case prioritization techniques aiming at early finding software bugs with fewer NTCE. Short titles may mislead the results  , specially generic titles such as Genetic Programming  , then we add the publication venue title to this type of query. If ti comprises only one or two words  , the query is formed by the quoted title ti followed by the first four author names  , similar to the previously described query  , also not permitting one word error  , followed by an AND statement using the first four words from the publication venue title vi. That is  , RSRepair immediately discards one candidate patch once the patched program fails to pass some test case. Unlike genetic programming which requires fitness evaluation in the sense that GenProg has to run fixed size of test cases to compute the fitness of a candidate patch even if GenProg has been aware that the patch is invalid i.e. , the patched program has ever failed to pass some test case  , random search has no such constraint. Recently  , in the paper 40 genetic programming is proposed to fix automatically the general bugs  , and a prototype tool called GenProg based on this technique is implemented. We conducted a set of experiments aiming to evaluate the proposed disambiguation system in comparison with stateof-the-art methods on two well-known datasets. To the best of our knowledge  , the problem of discovering accurate link specifications has only been addressed in very recent literature by a small number of approaches: The SILK framework 14  now implements a batch learning approach to discovery link specifications based on genetic programming which is similar to the approach presented in 6. Note that the task of discovering links between knowledge bases is closely related with record linkage 30 ,10 ,5 ,17. These are supervised approaches that begin with a small number of labeled links and then inquire labels for data items that promise to improve their accuracy. The evaluation has shown that the numerical and symbolic reference models generated from isokinetics tests on top-competition sportsmen and women are  , in the expert's opinion  , similar. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. , NDCG by using the Simulated Annealing which uses a modification of downhill Simplex method for the next candidate move to find the global min- imum. Some other approaches for directly optimizing IR measures use Genetic Programming 1  , 49 or approximate the IR measures with the functions that are easy-to-handle 44  , 12. Experiments on three real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our model. Our approach constructs an item group based pairwise preference for the specific ranking relations of items and combine it with item based pairwise preference to formalise a novel framework PRIGPPersonalized Ranking with Item Group based Pairwise preference learning . Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method  , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. The experimental results on three real-world datasets show our proposed method performs a better top-K recommendation than baseline methods. The main result is that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropybased LSH methods to achieve various search quality levels and it is more time efficient than the entropy-based LSH method. It also shows that the multi-probe method is better than the entropy-based LSH method by a significant factor. The entropy-based LSH method is likely to probe previously visited buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method always visits new buckets. The entropy-based LSH method generates randomly perturbed objects and use LSH functions to hash them to buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method uses a carefully derived probing sequence based on the hash values of the query object. The results show that the multi-probe LSH method is significantly more space efficient than the basic LSH method. . This section provides a brief overview of LSH functions  , the basic LSH indexing method and a recently proposed entropy-based LSH indexing method. Performing a similarity search query on an LSH index consists of two steps: 1 using LSH functions to select " candidate " objects for a given query q  , and 2 ranking the candidate objects according to their distances to q. Table 2 shows the average results of the basic LSH  , entropybased LSH and multi-probe LSH methods using 100 random queries with the image dataset and the audio dataset. To achieve over 0.9 recall  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 while achieving similar time efficiencies. Our evaluation shows that the multi-probe LSH method substantially improves over the basic and entropy-based LSH methods in both space and time efficiency. The space efficiency implication is dramatic. In all cases  , the multi-probe LSH method has similar query time to the basic LSH method. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features  , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. For even larger datasets  , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. We have experimented with different number of hash tables L for all three LSH methods and different number of probes T i.e. , number of extra hash buckets to check  , for the multiprobe LSH method and the entropy-based LSH method. The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. Our experimental results show that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropy-based LSH methods to achieve desired search accuracy and query time. This paper presents the multi-probe LSH indexing method for high-dimensional similarity search  , which uses carefully derived probing sequences to probe multiple hash buckets in a systematic way. It shows that for most recall values  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the basic LSH method by an order of magnitude. Here  , for easier comparison  , we use the same number of probes T = 100 for both multi-probe LSH and entropy-based LSH. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. Recently  , many studies have attempted to improve upon the regular LSH technique. We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space  , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. The multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 and reduces that of the entropy-based approach by a factor of 5 to 8. For both the image data set and the audio data set  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables by a factor of 14 to 18. In comparison with the entropy-based LSH method  , multi-probe LSH reduces the space requirement by a factor of 5 to 8 and uses less query time  , while achieving the same search quality. To compare the two approaches in detail  , we are interested in answering two questions. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. LSH is a promising method for approximate K-NN search in high dimensional spaces. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method  , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. The dataset sizes are chosen such that the index data structure of the basic LSH method can entirely fit into the main memory. For the image dataset  , the Table 2: Search performance comparison of different LSH methods: multi-probe LSH is most efficient in terms of space usage and time while achieving the same recall score as other LSH methods. The results in Table 2also show that the multi-probe LSH method is substantially more space and time efficient than the entropy-based approach. By picking the probing sequence carefully  , it also requires checking far fewer buckets than entropy-based LSH. By probing multiple buckets in each hash table  , the method requires far fewer hash tables than previously proposed LSH methods. Instead of generating perturbed queries  , our method computes a non-overlapped bucket sequence  , according to the probability of containing similar objects. The multi-probe LSH method proposed in this paper is inspired by but quite different from the entropybased LSH method. ever developed a LSHLocality Sensitive Hashing based method1  to perform calligraphic character recognition. Lin et al. higher Max F 1 score than ANDD-LSH-Jacc  , and both outperform Charikar's random projection method. Both outperform SpotSigs substantially. We emphasize that our focus in this paper is on improving the space and time efficiency of LSH  , already established as an attractive technique for high-dimensional similarity search. We see that our method strictly out-performs LSH: we achieve significantly higher recall at similar scan rate. Table 4summarizes recall and scan rate for both method. We use LSH for offline K-NNG construction by building an LSH index with multiple hash tables and then running a K-NN query for each object. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: We use plain LSH 13  rather than the more recent Multi- Probing LSH 17 in this evaluation as the latter is mainly to reduce space cost  , but could slightly raise scan rate to achieve the same recall. For each dataset  , the table reports the query time  , the error ratio and the number of hash tables required  , to achieve three different search quality recall values. multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the entropy-based approach by a factor of 7.0  , 5.5  , and 6.0 respectively for the three recall values  , while reducing the query time by half. Although both multi-probe and entropy-based methods visit multiple buckets for each hash table  , they are very different in terms of how they probe multiple buckets. However  , this method does not use task-specific objective function for learning the metric; more importantly  , it does not learn the bit vector representation directly. 12 propose a method figure 1c that applies LSH on a learned metric referred as M+LSH in Table 1. Experimental studies show that this basic LSH method needs over a hundred 13 and sometimes several hundred hash tables 6 to achieve good search accuracy for high-dimensional datasets. To achieve high search accuracy  , the LSH method needs to use multiple hash tables to produce a good candidate set. In practice  , it is difficult to generate perturbed queries in a data-independent way and most hashed buckets by the perturbed queries are redundant. Finally  , we give the recognition result based on the searching results. Then the LSH-based method will be used to have a quick similarity search. It is a big step for calligraphic character recognition. We have implemented the entropy-based LSH indexing method. If Rp is too large  , it would require many perturbed queries to achieve good search quality. The default probing method for multi-probe LSH is querydirected probing. It runs the Linux operating system with a 2.6.9 kernel. Intuitively  , increases as the increase of   , while decreases as the increase of . Therefore  , we set í µí»¿ and in our LSH-based method. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 13  is a promising method for approximate K- NN search. However  , they all have the scalability problem mentioned above. Besides the random projections of generating binary code methods  , several machine learning methods are developed recently. Furthermore the LSH based method E2LSH is proposed in 20. The basic method uses a family of locality-sensitive hash functions to hash nearby objects in the high-dimensional space into the same bucket. For high-dimensional similarity search  , the best-known indexing method is locality sensitive hashing LSH 17. We found that although the entropybased method can reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method  , significant improvements are possible. To explore the practicality of this approach  , we have implemented it and conducted an experimental study. On the other hand  , when the same amount of main memory is used by the multi-probe LSH indexing data structures  , it can deal with about 60- million images to achieve the same search quality. The basic LSH indexing method 17 only checks the buckets to which the query object is hashed and usually requires a large number of hash tables hundreds to achieve good search quality. Theoretical lower bounds for LSH have also been studied 21  , 1. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects  , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. This paper focuses on comparing the basic  , entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods in the case that the index data structure fits in main memory. The second is an audio dataset that contains 2.6 million words  , each represented by a 192-dimensional feature vector. However  , due to the limitation of random projection  , LSH usually needs a quite long hash code and hundreds of hash tables to guarantee good retrieval performance. One of the well-known uni-modal hashing method is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 2  , which uses random projections to obtain the hash functions. We compare our new method to previously proposed LSH methods – a detailed comparison with other indexing techniques is outside the scope of this work. Ideally  , we would like to examine the buckets with the highest success probabilities. To address the issues associated with the basic and entropybased LSH methods  , we propose a new method called multiprobe LSH  , which uses a more systematic approach to explore hash buckets. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 24  , which contains images crawled from the web. Also note that the space cost of LSH is much higher than ours as tens of hash tables are needed  , and the computational cost to construct those hash tables are not considered in the com- parison. However  , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic  , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory  , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . Also  , each method reads all the feature vectors into main memory at startup time. Spectral hashing SH 36  uses spectral graph partitioning strategy for hash function learning where the graph is constructed based on the similarity between data points. The resulting hashing method achieves better performance than LSH for audio retrieval. First  , when using the same number of hash tables  , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need  , compared with the entropy-based approach ? Locality sensitive hashing LSH  , introduced by Indyk and Motwani  , is the best-known indexing method for ANN search. Here  , we focus on locality sensitive hashing techniques that are most relevant to our work. Acknowledgments. Another future work is to study a hybrid scheme that integrates approximate methods such as LSH with our exact method for larger datasets when a trade-off between speed and accuracy is acceptable. We plan to study these issues in the near future. In this paper we will use the GIST descriptor to represent a calligraphic character image. Thus  , we utilize LSH to increase such probability. Note that the randomized nature of the Minhash generation method requires further checks to increase the probability of uncovering all pairs of related articles in terms of the signature. Note that one can always apply binary LSH on top of a metric learning method like NCA or LMNN to construct bit vectors. For NCA  , we use the implementation in the Matlab Toolbox for Dimensionality Reduction 13 . We have used two datasets in our evaluation. Figure 10shows that the search quality is not so sensitive to different K values. Another sensitivity question is whether the search quality of the multi-probe LSH method is sensitive to different K values. As we will show  , our method has better performance characteristics for retrieval and sketching under some common conditions. One of the best known LSH methods for handling 1 distances is based on stable distributions 2. We have developed and analyzed two schemes to compute the probing sequence: step-wise probing and query-directed probing. Our results show that the query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the simple  , step-wise sequence. These machine learning methods usually learn much more compact codes than LSH since they are more complicated. Furthermore  , a semi-supervised learning method proposed in 6 is to perform binary code learning. Most of the existing hashing approaches are uni-modal hashing. Since each hash table entry consumes about 16 bytes in our implementation   , 2 gigabytes of main memory can hold the index data structure of the basic LSH method for about 4-million images to achieve a 0.93 recall. An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. The intention of the method is to trade time for space requirements. In a recent theoretical study 22  , Panigrahy proposed an entropy-based LSH method that generates randomly " perturbed " objects near the query object  , queries them in addi-tion to the query object  , and returns the union of all results as the candidate set. This is because that using the LSH-based method for similarity searching greatly reduced the time of  was about 0.004 second in our experiment  , which is very time-consuming in Yu's because it calculate the skeleton similarity between the input calligraphic character and all the candidates in the huge CCD. We see from Table 1that our method was particularly fast. This method does not make use of data to learn the representation. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 1 is a simple method figure  1a in which bit vector representation for a data point object is obtained from projecting the data vector on several random directions   , and converting the projected values to {0  , 1} by thresholding. Although LSH can be applied on the projected data using a metric learned via NCA or LMNN  , any such independent two stage method will be sub-optimal in getting a good bit vector representation. To perform a similarity search  , the indexing method hashes a query object into a bucket  , uses the data objects in the bucket as the candidate set of the results  , and then ranks the candidate objects using the distance measure of the similarity search. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 7 constitutes an established method for hashing items of a high-dimensional space in such a way that similar items i.e. , near duplicates are assigned to the same hash value with a high probability p 1 . Thus  , we replace it with a near-duplicates detection method. Figure 8 shows some recognition results of five different calligraphic styles using our LSH-based method. As Yu's method is based on skeleton  , which usually can't be appropriately extracted especially when the character is scratchy or complex  , the recognition rate will be pretty low in clerical script and cursive script. Except for the LSH and KLSH method which do not need training samples  , for the unsupervised methods i.e. , SH and AGH  , we randomly sample 3000 data points as the training set; for the point-wise supervised method SSH  , we additionally sample 1000 data points with their concept labels; for the list-wise supervised methods i.e. , RSH and LWH  , we randomly sample 300 query samples from the 1000 labeled samples to compute the true ranking list. We compare the proposed LWH with six stat-of-the-art hashing methods including four unsupervised methods LSH 1  , SH 11  , AGH 5  , KLSH 4  , one supervisedsemi method SSH 9  , and one list-wise supervised method RSH 10. As we know  , most calligraphic characters in CCD were written in ancient times  , most common people can't recognize them without the help of experts  , so we invited experts to help us build CCD. In this paper  , we propose a novel method  , called LSH-based large scale Chinese calligraphic character recognition on CCD. In our system  , we use a standard Jaccard-based hashing method to find similar news articles. To tackle this issue  , we propose to employ LSH to eliminate unnecessary similarity computations between unrelated articles  , and get a rough separation on the original news corpus. The probability that the two hash values match is the same as the Jaccard similarity of the two k-gram vectors . As pointed out by Charikar 5   , the min-wise independent permutations method used in Shingling is in fact a particular case of a locality sensitive hashing LSH scheme introduced by Indyk and Motwani 12. Since the similarity functions that our learning method optimizes for are cosine and Jaccard  , we apply the corresponding LSH schemes when generating signatures. The similarity score of two documents is derived by counting the number of identical hash values  , divided by m. As m increases  , this scheme will approximate asymptotically the true similarity score given by the specific function fsim. Each perturbation vector is directly applied to the hash values of the query object  , thus avoiding the overhead of point perturbation and hash value computations associated with the entropy-based LSH method. Hence we restrict our attention to perturbation vectors ∆ with δi ∈ {−1  , 0  , 1}. For the entropybased LSH method  , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset. In the results  , unless otherwise specified  , the default values are W = 0.7  , M = 16 for the image dataset and W = 24.0  , M = 11 for the audio dataset. A sensitivity question is whether this approach generates a larger candidate set than the other approaches or not. By probing multiple hash buckets per table  , the multiprobe LSH method can greatly reduce the number of hash tables while finding desired similar objects. Baselines: We compare our method to two state-of-theart FSD models as follows. We use the same LSH- FSD system parameters as 10  , 11  , namely K=13 hashcode bits and L=70 hashtables  , the hashing trick is used with a pool of size 2 18 and we select 2000 tweets and a back-off threshold of bt=0.6 for the variance reduction step. For methods SH and STH  , although these methods try to preserve the similarity between documents in their learned hashing codes  , they do not utilize the supervised information contained in tags. This is because LSH method is data-oblivious and may lead to inefficient codes in practice as also observed in 22 and 34. Figure 1shows how the multi-probe LSH method works. We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. In future we plan to make more comparison of our image representation and other descriptors  , such as SIFT and HOG. Our experiments show that the LSH-based method is effective and efficient for recognizing Chinese calligraphic character and show robustness in different calligraphic styles. In addition  , dissimilar items are associated with the same hash values with a very low probability p 2 . In addition  , the construction of the index data structure should be quick and it should deal with various sequences of insertions and deletions conveniently. The key idea is to hash the points using several hash functions so as to ensure that  , for each function  , the probability of collision is much higher for objects which are close to each other than for those which are far apart. Instead of using space partitioning  , it relies on a new method called localitysensitive hashing LSH. Then we run another three sets of experiments for MV-DNN. For our proposed approach  , for both Apps and News data sets  , we first run three sets of experiments to train single-view DNN models  , each of which corresponds to a dimension reduction method in Section 6 SV-TopK ,SV-Kmeans and SV-LSH. As a result  , the precision is significantly improved without sacrificing too much recall. Also  , our method performs well in recognition rate and show robustness in different calligraphic styles. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces  , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. For low similarity thresholds or very skewed distributions of document lengths  , however  , LSH remains the method-of-choice as it provides the most versatile and tunable toolkit for high-dimensional similarity search. For new user recommendation in our scenario  , we take the transpose of the collaborative matrix A as input and supply user features instead of items features. In the test stage  , we use 2000 random samples as queries and the rest samples as the database set to evaluate the retrieval performance. Collaborative Tagging systems have become quite popular in recent years. Furthermore  , based on this index structure  , Tagster incorporates a tag-based user characterization that takes into account the global tag statistics for better navigation and ranking of resources.