This crossed-links will turn the whole diagram into a graph    , but with interesting visualization and folding properties. Nginx is the reverse proxy with a cache set to 1 GB. The prediction of character at each time step is given by: 
P Ct|· = sof tmaxTt    , ht−1 
8 
where Ct refers to the character at time-step t    , Tt represents the one-hot vector of the character at time-step t. The result from the softmax is a decoded tweet matrix T dec     , which is eventually compared with the actual tweet or a synonymreplaced version of the tweet explained in Section 3 for learning the parameters of the model. In this study    , we use raw term frequencies with MLE to estimate probabilities and do not use any smoothing techniques to fine tune the estimates. The first is TDT 
Experimental Design
Three sets of experiments are performed in our study. TREC Text REtrieval Conference 
EVALUATING OBJECT RETRIEVAL
 The broad class of search technologies that exploit semantic data encodings are often called semantic search systems 
Ad-Hoc Object Retrieval
Arriving at a common evaluation methodology requires the definition of a shared task that is accepted by the community as the one that is most relevant to potential applications of the field. Multi-Probe vs. Entropy-Based Methods
Although both multi-probe and entropy-based methods visit multiple buckets for each hash table    , they are very different in terms of how they probe multiple buckets. The term discrimination model has been criticised because it does not exhibit well substantiated theoretical properties. Differences are related to the goals of the methods and the scope of using the methods in software development projects. RELATED WORK
 Identifying the search intent of a user query is a longstanding research goal in IR that is generally treated as a classification scheme. Our goal is to design a good indexing method for similarity search of large-scale datasets that can achieve high search quality with high time and space efficiency. eXtreme Programming XP's planning game. Although the most popular is still undoubtedly the vector space model proposed by Salton 
BACKGROUND
In this section we present the term-weighting components used in our approach and a brief review of some concepts of Genetic Programming. Our experimental results in both scenarios on four datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approaches. Section 4 describes the results of experiments. Given the synthesized schemas    , we created a database for each alternative . We present optimization strategies for various scenarios of interest. What is the quality of the mappings  ? The first experiment investigates the precision and recall of our approach on dataset 1. Interestingly    , for the topic law and informatization/computerization 1719 we see that the Dutch translation of law is very closely related. However    , these positive opportunities have a sinister counterpart: large-scale " crowdturfing    , " wherein masses of cheaply paid shills can be organized to spread malicious URLs in social media    , form artificial grassroots campaigns  " astroturf "     , and manipulate search engines. The present section is structured according to the above categorization. Two documents are -indistinguishable to a search engine S with respect to a query q if the search engine finds both documents to be equally relevant to the query within the tolerance of its ranking function. The most difficult aspect in experimental design was deciding how to choose the query pairs. Component Scoring
Relevance scores for general interest    , specific interest    , and context are computed separately for each candidate suggestion. To determine if a profile is better than another one    , we use the generalized Jaccard similarity coefficient defined as: 
Jx    , y = i minx i     , y i  i maxx i     , y i  
where x and y are two multi-sets and the natural numbers x i ≥ 0 and y i ≥ 0 are the multiplicity of item i in each multiset. Retrospectively    , this choice now bears fruit    , as the update exists as an average amenable to stochastic gradient descent. Comparison with other feature selection methods
To test the effectiveness of using appraisal words as the feature set    , we experimentally compare ARSA with a model that uses the classic bag-of-words method for feature selection     , where the feature vectors are computed using the relative frequencies of all the words appearing in the blog entries. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski    , Oula Heikkinen    , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. Our first naive approach was to use WordNet 
Experimental design
Our fundamental approach was to group documents that share tags into clusters and then compare the similarity of all documents within a cluster. Even though NLP components are still being improved by emerging techniques like deep learning    , the quality of existing components is sufficient to work on the semantic level – one level of abstraction up from surface text. Methods with the LIB quantity    , especially LIB    , LIB+LIF    , and LIB*LIF    , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy    , e.g. To retrieve better intention-conveying pictograms using a word query    , we proposed a semantic relevance measure which utilizes interpretation words and frequencies collected from a web survey. We found that the notion of 'alignment' used by the teachers was both qualitatively and quantitatively different when they were searching for aligned curriculum themselves vs. judging alignment suggestions identified by others. For each topic    , the table lists the most probable words for the topic under its DCM parameters along with the words in the book most frequently assigned to the topic. The user interface is designed by first applying a conceptual design method. Pearson's correlation r ∈ 
Individualism vs. Collectivism 
In addition to pace of life    , also human relationships differ across cultures. From a correlation perspective    , the similarity wij is basically the unnormalized Pearson correlation coefficient 
 1 Computing the Laplacian matrix from the weighted adjacency matrix    , where the Laplacian matrix is a widely used matrix representation of a graph in graph theory; 
 2 Performing an eigendecomposition on the Laplacian ma- trix; 
3 Selecting a threshold on the second smallest eigenvector to obtain the bipartitions of the graph. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. In most experiments    , the proposed methods    , especially LIB*LIF fusion     , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. These biases manifest through two characteristics of the language used to describe someone: the specificity of the description    , and the use of words that reveal sentiment toward the target individual. The Qrels-based measures MAP and P@10 for a specific system were evaluated using the official TREC Qrels and the trec eval program    , while the Trels-based measures tScore    , tScore@k were evaluated using a set of Trels    , manually created by us    , for the same TREC topics for which Qrels exist. Rule definition
The rule definition module is a modular tool which offers a language for rule programming and a rule programming interface for dynamic creation or modification of rules within an application. Intuitively    , ωt  ,j represents the average fraction of the sentiment " mass " that can be attributed to the hidden sentiment factor j. There are many different ways in which the data could be partitioned     , but an individual document must be present in only one media. One simple approach    , common in game-theory    , due to Nash 
Privacy as a Tax Problem
Our goal is to formulate a mechanism that " aggregates " all the individuals preferences into single representative group preference    , which builds upon how each user values the different data exposure preferences. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . Section 3 describes the general approach of CyCLaDEs. Intmduction
We consider the following dependency inference problem: 
Given a relation r    , fii a set of functional dependencies that logically determines all the functional dependencies holding in r. 
The problem area of lnferrlng general rules from instances of data has become popularly lcno%i as muchine learning MCM83    , MCM861 or knowfedpe acouisifion. We h a ve performed Figure 2: Folding in a query conisting of the terms aid"    , food"    , medical"    , people"    , UN"    , and war": evolution of posterior probabilities and the mixing proportions P zjq rightmost column in each bar plot for the four factors depicted in 
Folding-In Queries
 Folding-in refers to the problem of computing a representation for a document or query that was not contained in the original training collection. Five different learning coefficients ranging: from 0.002 to 0.1 are experimented. PARC had developed a number of experimental software development tools and office tools based on the Alto personal computer 
The experimental office tools were the result of several research projects that had produced extensive userinterface design knowledge. Structure Preservation
Structure preservation or manifold regularization has been shown effective for semi-supervised learning 
n i  ,j=1 S q ij q i W q − q j W q 2 + n i  ,j=1 S v ij v i W v − v j W v 2     , 
3 
 where S q ∈ R n×n and S v ∈ R n×n denote the affinity matrices defined on the queries and images    , respectively. In the second stage    , for the identification of the facet inclination of a given feed    , the IowaS group used sentiment classifiers and various heuristics for ranking posts according to each facet. In addition    , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects.   , model-based and model-free approaches 
Transfer Deep Learning
Deep learning began emerging as a new area of machine learning research in 2006 
ONTOLOGY FOR PERSONAL PHOTOS
We propose to design an ontology for personal photos    , since the vocabulary of general Web images is often too large and not specific to personal photos. That partial structure is added as the first entry to the queue of partial structures. 100 for more details on the geometry of statistical models. Most students have some experience in using the UML and object oriented programming through university courses and industrial internships.   , ridge regularization method. For example    , an LS for a lecture by Professor PG's on hydraulic geometric lesson would contain collections that foster student understanding of basic concepts such as w    , d    , v    , and Q and enable hypothesis testing concerning relations among them. 6 and 7 only makes sense if there are users associated with each edge in our dataset    , which is not true of the four graph types we have presented so far. We present experimental results on large-scale datasets using four different setups: 1. the INEX benchmark 
 Our experiments demonstrate both the system's efficiency and its expressiveness and search result quality. However    , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets and is different from the traditional method of using materialized views to answer queries. We note that during our research we also trained our random forest using the query words directly    , instead of their mapped clusters. One of the main obstacles to effective performance of the classical probabilistic models has been precisely the challenge of estimating the relevance model. Capturing LCC Structure: To capture the connectivity structure of the Largest Connected Component LCC    , we use a few high-degree users as starting seeds and crawl the structure using a breadth-first search BFS strategy. Each metric captures a unique aspect of the classifier's performance. The use of the 
q W v W .   , as the product of the probabilities of the single observations    , which are functions of the covariates whose values are known in the observations and the coefficients which are the unknowns. We then proposed different aspects for characterizing reference quality    , including context coherence    , selection clarity    , and reference relevance with respect to the selection and the context. A total of 399 words returned the same results for all four approaches. Hence    , in certain cases    , the coverage detection capability of our method is more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method. The Clarke-Tax approach ensures that users have no incentive to lie about their true intentions. |   | 1 ^       l y l l Test x R r L MAE l − = ∑ 9 
where Test L denotes the number of the test ratings. Interface Design
The interface we created to collect preference judgements had the following design. However    , this feature was quite noisy and sparse    , particularly for URLs with query parameters e.g. In future the mediator should also use a OWL-DL reasoner to infer additional types for subject nodes specified in the query pattern. The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. Central to this strategy was the development of a superior professional workstation    , subsequently named Star    , that was to provide a major step forward in several different domains of office automation. From specialized systems like Ushahidi for crisis mapping    , Foldit for protein folding and Duolingo for translation to general-purpose crowdsourcing platforms like Amazon Mechanical Turk and Crowdflower – these systems have shown the effectiveness of intelligently organizing large numbers of people. Since SGML provides a document exchange model rather than a general purpose data model 
Basic SGML Constructs
 Standard Generalized Mark-up Language SGML is an international stan- dard 
line 15 indicates that the corresponding elements actor line 7 and place line 14 have no content    , when these attributes have values. In this section we describe our tracking system and the experimental data set. However    , our spectral classifier may be more suitable for projects with heavily imbalanced  i.e. In all cases    , the first constraint is timed q 
    , tmax    , and the second constraint is 
FEATURES
In this section    , we present features used for learning a ranking model for related news predictions. The experiment primarily explored how improved levels of inter-rater reliability can be achieved and was intended to generate a set of 'correctly' aligned documents a gold standard set for testing and improving lesson plan retrieval. Professionals
 In total 48 professionals from 18 companies in 10 countries participated in the experiment by completing the online questionnaire 
Preparation
 Prior to the experiment we conducted a pilot run to evaluate the experimental design and the experiment materials. Without the efforts of these users we would not have such good results nor would we have RaPiD7 as an institutionalized way of working. We present the influence of α l     , αg and β in 
Community Membership Evaluation
On the PAPER dataset    , the evaluation result of NCut CCD = 1351.02    , and we list the evaluation results of Net- PLSA regarding to its parameter λ in 
Case Study
This section gives some case studies in the PAPER dataset to show the semantic community discovery ability of ToP. Each of the pivots were manually examined by an assessor for assigning a relevance grade. In the following    , two approaches    , namely JAD and Agile modeling    , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. A single directional LSTM typically propagates information from the first word to the last; hence the hidden state at a certain step is dependent on its previous words only and blind of future words . First    , we apply the PLSA method to the candidate images with the given number of topics    , and get the probability of each topic over each image    , P z|I. Experimental Design and Results
We want to address the following questions: 1. We conjecture that the larger amount least information is needed to explain a term's probability in a document vs. in the collection    , the more heavily the term should be weighted to represent the document 
LI Binary LIB Model
 In the binary model    , a term either occurs or does not occur in a document. As shown in 
New York Times Collection
 With the NY Times corpus    , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity    , rand index    , and precision Table 5. Score Distribution Learning
Distributions for random variables X s Q u b may be obtained by learning a score distribution P X s i  for each join input i. , cosine similarity and Pearson correlation. Group G exp low : this experimental group receives highquality query suggestions in the training phase which were predicted to be ine↵ective in the user perceptions study Section 4.2. The existing thread has the additional topic node 413 which is about compression of inverted index for fast information retrieval. Main Results
The main result is that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropybased LSH methods to achieve various search quality levels and it is more time efficient than the entropy-based LSH method. In order to improve the quality of opinion extraction results    , we extracted the title and content of the blog post for indexing because the scoring functions and Lucene indexing engine cannot differentiate between text present in the links and sidebars of the blog post. Accordingly    , objects {g    , h    , i    , j    , k    , l    , m} are grouped into the second cluster . Experimental Design
Scenario. For the entropybased LSH method    , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset. 6 
The TDCM assumption 1 SKIPPING BIAS ASSUMPTION is modeled by 3 and 6. Sensitivity Results
 By probing multiple hash buckets per table    , the multiprobe LSH method can greatly reduce the number of hash tables while finding desired similar objects. Are ties effective for enhancing the performance of the ranking functions  ? To simplify our experiments    , we dropped the document segments that were in the gold standard but were not in the ranked list of selected retrieved segments although we could have kept them by folding them into the LSA spaces. Currently    , there are a number of commercial products available for individual communities to create their specialized digital library for example    , http://www.software.ibm.com/is/dig- lib/v2factsheet. Dataset
As mentioned    , we collected massive conversation resources from various forums    , microblog websites    , and cQA platforms including Baidu Zhidao 6     , Douban forum 7     , Baidu Tieba 8     , Sina Weibo 9     , etc. The results show that query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the step-wise probing sequence. Which resource for training the semantic space  ? Tweet Representation
In order to obtain tweet representation    , we adopt the min    , max    , and average convolutional layers for compositionality learning in vector-based semantics    , similar to the work proposed by 
EXPERIMENTAL SETUP
 In order to evaluate our proposed approach    , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. The shakwat group University of Paris 8 experimented with a random-walk approach using a space built using semantic indexing    , and containing the blog posts    , as well as the headlines    , in a window around the date of the topic. The experiment involved the participants using the Firefox extension of the tag mapping tool within their browser on their own personal computer over a two week period. In the initial time-step    , the end-to-end output from the encoding procedure is used as the original input into first LSTM layer. Finally    , the unnormalized importance weight for particle f     , ω f after td is updated as
ω f ← ω f P xtd|z f td     , s f td     , x1:t−1    , 
7 
 which has the intuitive explanation that the weight for particle f is updated by multiplying in the marginal probability of the new observation xtd    , which we compute from the last 10 samples of the MCMC sweep over a given document. Instructors select materials useful for promoting learning while students use them to learn. Data Preparation
We prepare two datasets for experiments. gorithm 1 outlines the key steps of KLSH    , where b is a critical parameter that determines the length of hash key to be constructed in KLSH. The default probing method for multi-probe LSH is querydirected probing. INTRODUCTION
 Recent developments in the conceptual view of Information Retrieval marked a departure from the traditional models of relevance and the emergence of language modeling frameworks    , introduced by Ponte and Croft 
Earlier work on probabilistic models of information retrieval 
RELATED WORK
 There are two directions of information retrieval research that provide a theoretical foundation for our model: the now classic work on probabilistic models of relevance    , and the recent developments in language modeling techniques for IR. Hence we propose three fusion methods to combine the two quantities by addition and multiplication: 1. PREDICTING REFERENCE QUALITY
 We model reference quality from three aspects: the coherence of the context    , the clarity of the selection    , and the relevance of the reference with respect to the selection and the context. Third    , as we move from a university to a national level    , our data warehousing solution may not scale when different annotation    , experimental and clinical data is gathered at multiple institutions. Topics sustainable tourism and interpolation 1411 and 4882 do not benefit from semantic matching due to a semantic gap: interpolation is associated with the polynomial kind while the relevance assessments focus on stochastic methods. Our goal in the design of the PIA model and system was to allow a maximum freedom in the formulation and combination of predicates while still preserving a minimum semantic consensus necessary to build a meaningful user interface    , an eaecient query evaluator    , user proaele manager    , persistence manager etc. Factor Representation: An Example
In order to visualize the factor solution found by PLSA we present an elucidating example. There is one Map instance for each ExprXlass in the logical search space. We wrap up with related work and conclusions. Whilst this may imply agreement between the searcher and the system    , some aspects of the experimental design may have created a bias towards more documents being saved from the top of the list. LI Frequency LIF Model
In the LI Frequency LIF model    , we use term frequencies to model least information. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method    , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. Term-Weighting Components
In 
simq    , d = t∈q w td × wtq 1 
where simq    , d is the similarity measure between a query q and a document d. Ten years after Salton and Buckley's proposal    , the work of Zobel and Moffat 
Genetic Programming
 Genetic Programming GP    , an inductive learning technique introduced by Koza in 
COMBINED COMPONENT APPROACH
Our Combined Component Approach CCA is a GP-based approach for discovering good ranking formulas. A text document can be viewed as a set of terms with probabilities estimated by frequencies of occurrence. On the news recommendation front    , we report the results of a study involving 176 users; our tree-based classifier required few training examples and significantly outperformed a state-of-the-art classifier the support vector machine in terms of both speed and accuracy applied to either traditional or tree-structured features. The larger the LIB    , the more information the term contributes to the document and should be weighted more heavily in the document representation . Since log L is a strictly increasing function    , the parameters of Θ which maximize log-likelihood of log L also maximize the likelihood L 
1–3
. Finally    , we need a ranking function that assigns scores to the datasets in CCDD S  with respect to D S expressing the likelihood of a dataset in CCDD S  to contain identical instances with those of D S . Suppose a modeller or domain expert is developing a tourism ontology and has to figure out the relation between the classes Campground and RuralArea. That is    , instead of using the appraisal words    , we train an S-PLSA model with the bag-of-words feature set    , and feed the probabilities over the hidden factors thus obtained into the ARSA model for training and prediction. However    , a personalized random walk is a centrality rank- ing 
the Input
BCDRW requires three inputs: a normalized adjacency matrix W    , a normalized probability distribution d that encodes the prior ranking    , and a dumpling factor λ that balances the two. In order to ensure that some of the candidates are better than the production ranker    , the relevant documents have a higher chance to be promoted to top than the irrelevant ones. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
 Amazon Mechanical Turk MTurk is an online labor market in which requesters can post small jobs    , referred to as human intelligence tasks or HITs    , along with specified payments for completing each HIT. To represent a specific node in S    , previous work tries to find matches in the skipgram model for every phrase    , and average the corresponding vectors 
EMPIRICAL EVALUATION
This section presents an evaluation to verify our proposal    , compared with the baseline model 
Setup
Training Label Set Y0. These categories are:  REL/RETR-relevant documents retrieved above the cut- off  NON/RETR-non-relev8llt documents retrieved above the cutoff  REL/NON-relevant documents not retrieved above the 'cutoff 
What the results in 
The incrementing of document scores in this way is ba.sed on a probabilistic model of retrieval described in Croft's paper. Together with the self-learning knowledge base    , NRE makes a deep injection possible. It is the same engine that was used for previous TREC participations e.g. σ· = 1 1+e −· is a known as a sigmoid/logistic function. We also implemented a prototype web-based pictogram retrieval system 
Comparison of Four Approaches. The latter three variables were based on the topic classifications defined in the ImageCLEF 2007 
Data and Topics
The ImageCLEF 2007 collection is a set of 20  ,000 images    , 60 search topics    , and associated relevance judgments. For even larger datasets    , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. This implies in particular that standard techniques from statistics can be applied for questions like model tting    , model combination    , and complexity control. Note that every variable introduced in this way is initialized . Creation of Relevant Pictogram 
Set. The training of CCL is performed simultaneously by minimizing the distance between query and image mappings in the latent subspace weighted by their clicks    , and preserving the structure relationships between the training examples in the original feature space. In this way    , we can represent a DTD or Schema structure as a set of parallel trees    , which closely resemble DTD/Schema syntax    , with links connecting some leaves with some roots    , in a graph-like manner. The topics are categorised into a number of different categories    , including: easy/hard topic " difficulty "     , semantic/visual topic " visuality "     , and geographic/general 
Procedure
The study was implemented online    , and was distributed to staff and students at the University of Sheffield    , UK as well as via social media. The dataset sizes are chosen such that the index data structure of the basic LSH method can entirely fit into the main memory. Topicqi = ⟨P C1|qi    , P C2|qi    , · · ·     , P Cn|qi⟩    , where P Ci|q is the probability that q belongs to Ci. We compare the weighted memory-based approach by incorporating our weighting scheme to standard memory-based approach including the Pearson Correlation Coefficient PCC method    , the Vector Similarity VS method    , the Aspect Model AM    , and the Personality Diagnosis PD method. However    , even if two different users both install the same app    , their interests or preferences related to that app may still be at different levels. In our case the simole and regular form of data Q relahon makes the problem par&ularly attractive. Given a human-issued message as the query    , our proposed system will return the corresponding responses based on a deep learning-to-respond schema. As of now we do not perform any person specific disambiguation however one could treat acknowledged persons as coauthors and use random forest based author disambiguation 
Searching and Ranking
AckSeer provides a search interface to access millions of acknowledged entities that were extracted from more than 500  ,000 papers and books. One is a variant of the Bellcore SuperBook system
Experiments
In an effort to compare the image and text versions of the same material    , we ran some systematic experiments at Cornell    , using 36 students as experimental subjects in a controlled sitation. Note that while reputation is a function of past activities of an identity    , trustworthiness is a prediction for the future. We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. Those resulting from extensions to software of techniques used for assessing hardware reliability and test coverage ; Z. Participants were recruited through advertisements in the staff and student mailing lists of Alfred Hospital    , and Melbourne University. Therefore    , the probability that emotion e k will be assigned to the i th comment can be estimated as below    , 
P e k |ci    , ui = expα k + N E l=1 β lk c il + N E l=1 γ lk u il  N E r=1 expαr + N E l=1 β lr c il + N E l=1 γ lr u il  
where α    , β and γ denote the combination parameters for bias    , the source of comments content and the source of emotion tags of news articles respectively. We are currently investigating techniques to identify these effectively tagged blog posts and hope to incorporate it into future versions of TagAssist. Evaluation Datasets
We have used two datasets in our evaluation. To prove the applicability of our technique    , we developed a system for aggregating and retrieving online newspaper articles and broadcast news stories. Estimating £ ¤ § © in a typical retrieval environment is difficult because we have no training data: we are given a query    , a large collection of documents and no indication of which documents might be relevant. Note    , partial bindings    , which come from the same input    , have the same set of unevaluated triple patterns. dynamic programming    , greedy    , simulated annealing    , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 
Extendibility
As anticipated    , to meet the extensibility and maintainability requirement previously identified the VDL Generator is    , by design    , composed of three parts: the search strategy    , the logical components and their search space    , the physical components and their search space. REFERENCES The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces    , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. The advantage of the vector space computation is that it is simpler and faster. LIB+LIF: To weight a term    , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. , b} 
Unlike the regular KLSH that adopts a single kernel    , BMKLSH employs a set of m kernels for the hashing scheme. For the online study    , we computed each recommendation list type anew for users in the denser BookCrossing dataset    , 
ΘF = 0 b 
Figure 3: Intra-list similarity behavior a and overlap with original list b for increasing ΘF though without K-folding. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function    , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. Thus we need only to compute 6 twice per MCMC iteration . To this end    , we specify a distribution over Q: PQq can indicate    , for example    , the probability that a specific query q is issued to the information retrieval system which can be approximated. An extension could also support composition and association between types    , supporting the structuring mechanisms from object-oriented programming languages in full generality. The general scheme for this transformation for procedures without parameters and results ig see DIJKSTRA 
$ 
The iterative normal form thus consists of three parts: initialization    , repetition    , result indication. One possible solution is that in the presence of set intersection    , Transformation T 1 does not drop projection operators. Automatic evaluation of tag suggestion engines is also critical to building effective systems. 2-The second approach is experimental: an initial user interface is quickly developed and then evaluated by end-users. gjeu denotes the jth feature for the uth entity and ruv denotes the relevance judgment for the pair eu    , dv. Experimental Design
All experiments were conducted on a machine running Linux with a Intel Xeon x5650 CPU 2.67GHz and 48GB of RAM. Pearson correlation coefficient says how similar two users are considering their ratings of items. She loads the OWL file in OntoPartS    , and proceeds to select two entities to be related    , as shown in 
Preliminary Experimental Assessment of OntoPartS
The main objectives of the experiments are to assess usability of the tool and to validate the hypothesis that the use of automated guidelines assists with representation of part-whole relations between classes during the ontology design phase such that it can be done more efficiently and with less errors. Subsequently    , TermPicker calculates various feature values for each candidate x in conjunction with the query-SLP slp q . For the multi-probe LSH method    , we have implemented both step-wise probing and query-directed probing. We conducted personal photo tagging on 7  ,000 real personal photos and personal photo search on the MIT-Adobe FiveK photo dataset. We experiment the extension in different setups    , results show that CyCLaDEs reduces significantly the load on LDF server. As rather conventional data structures are provided to program these functions no " trick programming " is required and as dynamic storage allocation and de-allocation is done via dedicated allocation routines /KKLW87/    , this risk seems to be tolerable. However    , diaeerent research communities have associated diaeerent partially incompatiblee interpretations with the values returned from such score functions     , such astThe fuzzy set interpretation ë2    , 8ë    , the spatial interpretation originally used in text databases    , the metric interpetation ë9ë    , or the probabilistic interpretation underlying advanced information retrieval systems ë10ë. The physician is interested in the immediate finding of articles where relevance is defined by the semantic similarity to some kind of prototype abstract delivered by the specialist. In the 
a b 
Profile size = 5 Profile size = 30 
Conclusion and Future Work
In this paper    , we presented CyCLaDEs    , a behavioral decentralized cache for LDF clients. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. Following the likelihood principle    , one determines P d    , P zjd    , and P wjz b y maximization of the logglikelihood function 
L = X d2D X w2W nd; w log P d; w ; 3 
where nd; w denotes the term frequency    , i.e. Sine~ each node consists of only 24 bytes and the top-down search is closer to a depth-first search than a breadth-first search    , the amount of space required by the hierarchy n·odes is not excessive. On each axis    , the likelihood probability gets projected as a continuous numeric function with maximum possible score of 1.0 for a value that is always preferred    , and a score of 0.0 for a value that is absent from the table. Here    , we propose a semantic relevance measure which outputs relevancy values of each pictogram when a pictogram interpretation is given. An arbitrary cutoff point of 20 was chosen for the collection rBllking for each query    , which gave 3 categories of documents for each query. In this way    , one could estimate a general user vocabulary model    , that describes the searcher's active and passive language use in more than just term frequencies. Therefore    , we begin with an overview of Semin and Fiedler's Linguistic Category Model LCM 
Linguistic Category Model 
 Both the LEB and the LIB build upon the Linguistic Category Model. Our model first determines the score of a candidate reply given the reformulated query    , based on the candidate reply and its associated posting Subsection 5.1.   , QDrop-Out = {q0    , q0 
DEEP LEARNING TO RESPOND
 In this section    , we describe the deep model for query-reply ranking and merging. As the value nears zero    , the pictogram becomes less relevant; hence    , a cutoff point is needed to discard the less relevant pictograms. Any distribution can be used to model p ˜ ∆ i |Θ; common examples used for response times include the exponential 
log p{∆ i }|{τ i }    , Θ = N i=1 log q∆ i |τ i     , Θ 3 
 Using the form of q∆ i |τ i     , Θ and the transformation using˜∆ing˜ ing˜∆ i defined by Equations 1 and 2 respectively    , the loglikelihood is equal to 
N i=1 log p ˜ ∆ i |Θ + N i=1 log aτ i + ∆ i  4 
 where the first term is the log-likelihood over effective response times { ˜ ∆ i }    , and the second term the sum of logactivity rates over the timestamps of all the ego's responses. The hierarchy nodes may be accessed more than once    , so they must be stored in separate locations. For each blog entry b    , the sentiments towards a movie are summarized using a vector of the posterior probabilities of the hidden sentiment factors    , P z|b. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
This work was supported by 863 Program 2014AA015104    , and National Natural Science Foundation of China 61273034    , and 61332016. Experimental Design
We evaluated the recommendations made by the CiteSight system by looking at how well it would have performed for existing papers where the set of citations is already known. Intuitively    , this definition captures the notion that since a search engine generates a ranking of documents by scoring them according to various criteria    , the scores used for ranking may only accurately resolve document relevance to within some toleration . The query sets for learning and evaluation are the same as those in the experiments of section 4    , that is to say    , Q r and Q2    , respectively. Our research builds on summarization systems by identifying core concepts that are central ideas in a scientific domain. It too introduces non-trivial complications with respect to how hosts interact with request-level effects and experimental design to affect the standard error of the benchmark. Full details of this recognition system are contained in 
Scanned Document Collection
The scanned document collection was based on the 21  ,759 " NEWS " stories in TDT-2 Version 3 
Design of the Mixed-Media Collection
The experimental mixed-media collection is based on a partition of the existing mono-media documents collections of electronic text    , spoken data and scanned document images. Although the experiment included only six topics    , which made it feasible to increase the number of test subjects    , fruitful data was collected on the characteristics of topics. The promising results we obtained during experimentations encourage us to propose and experiment new profiling techniques that take into account the number of transferred triples and compare with the current profiling technique. Whilst classic relevance ratings have viewed relevance in purely semantic terms    , it would appear that in practice users adjust their relevance judgements when considering other factors. To add more credit to the friends who share common ratings with the target peer    , we use an Copyright is held by the author/owners. Besides    , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 
WMKLSH by Weighted Bit Allocation
 We first propose a Weighted Multi-Kernel Locality-Sensitive Hashing WMKLSH scheme by a supervised learning approach to determine the allocation of bit size    , where a kernel is assigned a larger size of bits if it better captures the similarity between data points. Each element function fcw is a negative log-likelihood function with the 2 norm for composition c    , which is a single element of set C. 
Optimization
There are a few issues with optimizing the composite objectives in 3.6. In the WSDM Evaluation setup    , we compare the performance of BARACO and MT using the following metrics: AUC and Pearson correlation as before. As a result    , 
shows the result of the experiment after the second step of the breadth-first search. Since expertise in both ontology design and the relevant domain are required to populate and maintain ontologies    , semantic web projects have faced the dilemma of either hiring expensive " double experts " highly-skilled in both ontology design and the relevant domain or face inevitable data and user sparseness 
EXPERIMENTAL SETUP
The objective of our experiments is twofold. Probabilistic Retrieval Model for Semi-structured Data
The probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S 
P F k ∈F PM w|F k PM F k  
1 
Here    , PM w|Fj is calculated by dividing the number of occurrences for term w by total term counts in the field Fj across the whole collection. In general    , we propose to maximize the following normalized likelihood function with a relative weight c~    , 
 N~N6w K log k N~ 6' K  + N.zXlog 4     , e     , 4 
with respect to all parameters   ,I   ,    , ~    , r. The normalization ensures that each document gets the same weight irrespective of its length; 0 < c~ < 1 has to be specified a priori. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN AND RESULT
 Since this paper focuses on the recommendation in ecommerce sites    , we collect a dataset from a typical e-commerce website    , shop.com    , for our experiments. We assume independence between lemmas . This was not so clear about our application in the relevance part of semantic data – in the form of the lexicon of referential equivalents. Request permissions from permissions@acm.org. Section 2 describes related work. Based on this idea    , an optimization approach is developed to efficiently search for a weighting scheme. CyCLaDEs source code is available at: https://github.com/pfolz/cyclades 3 . KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels    , evaluate their mAP values on the training set    , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value. Our techniques highlight the importance of low-level computer vision features and demonstrate the power of certain semantic features extracted using deep learning. For the same number of iterations 1000    , such a model would take almost six years to train. The first portion computes the new outcome that would have been the societal if user i's values had been ignored and then computes the social utility for such an outcome. A sensitivity question is whether this approach generates a larger candidate set than the other approaches or not. Specifically    , participants described the increasing need for knowledge about experimental design    , statistical reasoning    , and data collection. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
 As discussed above    , the standard design used in systembased IR evaluations is the repeated-measures design. We also studied query independent features on an Support Vector Machine classifier. In addition to implementation simplicity    , viewing PIVOT as GROUP BY also yields many interesting optimizations that already apply to GROUP BY. Image Tagging
 A large body of work on image tagging proceeds along two dimensions     , i.e. Selection-Centric Context Semantic Model
One potential problem to apply this context language model to score each reference document is that a document is very short see the snippet in 
Vs    , c = w∈c pw|s    , c · Vw 4 
Although using ESA for semantic matching is not entirely novel    , we are the first to leverage the term proximity evidence when computing the ESA vector. Language modeling with relevance model RM2 
dbpWISTUD 
 This run integrated background knowledge from DBpedia and applied the semantic enrichment strategies described in Section 2.2. 1 It is interesting to note that by ignoring the actual document content    , i.e. Another attractive property is that the proposal is constant and does not depend on ztd    , thus    , we precompute it once for the entire MCMC sweep. The major issue in the integration of biomedical data is the large number of distributed    , semantically disparate data sources that need to be combined into a useful and usable system for biologists. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. The experiment simulates real-world tasks in a real-world interface. As shown in 
SIGIR 2007 Proceedings Session 25: Combination and Fusion 
Comparison with alternative methods
To verify that the sentiment information captured by the S-PLSA model plays an important role in box office revenue prediction    , we compare ARSA with two alternative methods which do not take sentiment information into consideration. Therefore    , by modeling both types of dependencies we see an additive effect    , rather than an absorbing effect. INTRODUCTION
Stemming is one of many tools used in information retrieval to combat the vocabulary mismatch problem    , in which query words do not match document words.  F 1 -measure: the weighted harmonic mean of precision and recall. In this paper 1 we present a coordination middleware for the Semantic Web and demonstrate its relevance to these vital issues for Semantic Web applications. We have presented experimental results showing that HearSay can be used for " hands-free " audio browsing    , although improvements in speed and accuracy are needed. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
This work was supported in part by 973 Program Grant No. The user interface is then established by performing experimental evaluations. Using S-PLSA as a means of " summarizing " sentiment information from blogs    , we develop ARSA    , a model for predicting sales performance based on the sentiment information and the product's past sales performance. Task Description
There are multiple subtasks in SemEval 2013 and 2014. As discussed    , the LIB quantity is similar in spirit to IDF inverse document frequency whereas LIF can be seen as a means to normalize TF term frequency. To remain focused    , we use a single representative for each family of approaches: Random Forest 3-step for classification and Random Forests for ranking. INTRODUCTION AND DATASET
 Ranking is a major concern to information retrieval applications such as document ranking on search engines. Model Formulation
 Based on the assumptions defined above    , in this section we propose a Two-Dimensional Click Model TDCM to explain the observed clicks. Introduction
Following Linked Data principles    , data providers made billions of triples available on the web 
– We present CyCLaDEs an approach to build a behavioral decentralized cache on client-side. We vary the profile size to 5    , 10 and 30. We have a concept occurrence    , also called a " semantic hit "     , when a paragraph contains an inflection of a question's concept or an entity with the same semantic category of the Question Focus Each occurrences is weighted according to the associated semantic slot and all weights are added up to obtain a score for each paragraph. The following two sections describe our experimental design and results. Both our weighting scheme and the two weighting schemes to be compared are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method to predict ratings for test users. Section 3 reports the experimental results of several well-known ontology systems on the UOBM and provides detailed discussions. This step is like dividing the problem of learning one single ranking model for all training queries into a set of sub-problems of learning the ranking model for each ranking-sensitive query topic. Initialization. A deeper investigation confirms our intuition that defective entities have significantly stronger connections with other defective entities than with clean entities. In our experiments    , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. Varying the problem hardness
 In the experimental design    , we vary the number of nodes and dynamic clusters. Continued growth depends on understanding the creative motivations and challenges inherent in this industry    , but the lack of collections focused on game development documentation is stifling academic progress. Experimental Design 
To evaluate PAR    , we collected 119 real bugs from open source projects as shown in 
Subject 
B. RQ1: Fixability 
¨ 
C. RQ2: Acceptability 
In this section    , we measure the acceptability of patches generated by PAR and GenProg. INTRODUCTION
Advances in information retrieval have long been driven by evaluation campaigns using standardized collections of data-sets    , query workloads    , and most importantly    , result relevance judgments. Furthermore    , I would like to thank the pilot users and teams in Nokia    , especially I would like to thank Stephan Irrgang    , Roland Meyer    , Thomas Wirtz    , Juha Yli-Olli and Miia Forssell. Length Longer requests are significantly correlated with success. We also present precision at one document retrieved P@1    , a histogram of ranks at which the correct answer appeared and a pairwise comparison of methods number of queries where A was superior and number of queries where B was superior. We achieved convergence around 300 trees    , We also optimized the percentage of features to be considered as candidates during node splitting    , as well as the maximum allowed number of leaf nodes. This reconfirms previous observations that modeling dependencies via the use of proximity features within the MRF has more of an impact on larger    , noisier collections than smaller    , well-behaved ones. If the predicate belongs to the profile    , the frequency of this predicate is incremented by one and the timestamp associated to this entry is updated. The Map class supports dynamic programming in the Volcano-Mapper    , for instance  because goals are only solved once and the solution physical plan stored. The basic premise behind the dynamic programming formulation is that we can decompose the set of tuples T into two subsets T and T − T     , find the optimal solution for each of them separately and combine them to get the final answer for the full set T . A version of the corpus is annotated with various linguistic information such as part-of-speech    , morphology    , UMLS semantic classes. are images from " difficult " topics more difficult to judge  ?. State verb 
Linguistic Biases 
 We describe two linguistic biases discussed by social psychologists and communication scientists: the Linguistic Expectancy Bias LEB and the Linguistic Intergroup Bias LIB. Considerations other than pure utility values such as income and fairness might need to be taken into account.   , learning to rank for Microblog retrieval and answer reranking for Question Answering. We then refine this and predict which pinboard is used    , if the category chosen by the user is known. Four pictogram retrieval approaches 
were evaluated: 1 baseline approach which returns pictograms containing the query as interpretation word with ratio greater than 0.5; 2 semantic relevance approach which calculates semantic relevance value using not-categorized interpretations ; 3 semantic relevance approach which calculates semantic relevance values using categorized interpretations; and 4 semantic relevance approach which calculates semantic relevance values using categorized and weighted interpretations . Next    , we presented techniques for extracting researcher names and research interests from their homepages. By learning the embedding E from the data    , we are uncovering K visual dimensions that are the most predictive of users' opinions. Data augmentation    , in our context    , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. Shannon adopted the same log measure when he established the average information-transmitting capacity of a discrete channel    , which he called the entropy    , by analogy with formulae in thermodynamics. The instance gets projected as a point in this multi-dimensional space. MKLSH 
Experimental Results
We now present the performance evaluation results on the data sets. Research in 978-1-4799-5569-5/14/$31.00 c 2014 IEEE. The paper is organized as follows: Section 2 discusses possible alternatives for adding types and functions to a DBMS by concentrating on the alternatives: static types versus dynamic types. To obtain the ontology    , we explored the semantic distributions in the domain of personal photos by mining frequent tags from active users in Flickr. The first example is an on-line application; the second is run off-line to produce stored data. For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers    , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. The high efficiency ensures an immediate response    , and thus the transfer deep learning approach with two modes can be adopted as a prototype model for real-time mobile applications    , such as photo tagging and event summarization on mobile devices. Hence we restrict our attention to perturbation vectors ∆ with δi ∈ {−1    , 0    , 1}. Implicit User Social Relationships
As mentioned in Section 1    , all the social recommendation approaches need to utilize the additional explicit user social information    , which may limit the impact and utilization of these approaches. CONCLUSION AND FUTURE WORK
In this paper    , we proposed a novel probabilistic model for blog opinion retrieval.   , models are built and applied on the same project    , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier    , while only random forest ranks in the first tier. Without the users the method would merely be a theory. Our document scoring    , αD    , our region scoring βR    , and our field scoring γF  are discussed in depth in the following sections. Equipped with the proposed models    , companies will be able to better harness the predictive power of blogs and conduct businesses in a more effective way. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 
RELATED WORK
 Prior research on two topics directly inform our study: 1 identification of core concepts in educational digital library resources    , and 2 automatic computation of semantic similarity between short text fragments. Our hypothesis was that a cluster of documents that shared a tag should be more similar than a randomly selected set of documents. These include a Venn diagram tool for formulating Boolean queries graphically    , and a bibliographic visualization tool that plots matching citations on an x-y grid based on publication year and ranked relevance score to the query terms 
Requirements
From these and other considerations arose the following requirements for an improved design. This is approached by embedding both the image and the novel labels into a common semantic space such that their relevance can be estimated in terms of the distance between the corresponding vectors in the space. The application runs from the command line. The correlation between the two measures was evaluated using the Pearson correlation coefficient and Kendall's−τ 4 . LIB is similar in spirit to IDF and its value represents the discriminative power of the term when it appears in a document. In some conditions    , subjects were shown a set of suggested tags for each movie the common practice in online tagging communities    , while in a control condition    , no suggested tags were presented. , inverse user frequency weighting IUF and variance weighting VW. KLSH-Weight: We evaluate the mAP performance of all kernels on the training set    , calculate the weight of each kernel w.r.t. To compare data    , using the concept of provenance from 
We are currently working on annotating the experimental data using concepts from ProPreO and GlycO 
RELATED WORK
There has been increased activity in development and integration of ontologies. We split the document into paragraphs or sentences and rank them according to an estimate of relevance to the query. Since all the successful patches pass the provided test cases    , it is challenging to select more or less acceptable patches systematically. Procedures and Experimental Design
The study was conducted in the Human-Computer Interaction Lab at the University of Maryland at College Park UMD. Decoder
The decoder operates on the encoded representation with two layers of LSTMs. Building conversation systems    , in fact    , has attracted much attention over the past decades.   , QDrop-Out = {q0    , q0 
DEEP LEARNING TO RESPOND
 In this section    , we describe the deep model for query-reply ranking and merging. The steps of RaPiD7 method are presented in 
1. Preparation 
Invitation 
Kick
Related work
Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist    , too. EXPERIMENTAL SETUP 2.1 Interface
These experiments were conducted as part of our participation in the TREC 2007 ciQA task. The assumption 2 VERTICAL POSITION BIAS ASSUMPTION is modeled by 4 and 6. Implementation Details
We have implemented the three different LSH methods as discussed in previous sections: basic    , entropy    , and multiprobe . We will refer to this characteristic of one-to-many correspondence in meaning-to-pictogram and an associative measure of ranking pictograms according to interpretation relevancy as assisting selection of pictograms having shared interpretations. Image tagging aims to automatically assign concepts to images and has been studied intensively in the past decade    , while transfer deep learning has drawn a great deal of attention recently with the success of deep learning techniques. Section 2 analyzes and summarizes the limitations of the LUBM and presents the UOBM    , including ontology design    , instance generation    , query and answer construction. The particulars of how this assignment procedure works is the experimental design    , and it can substantially affect the precision with which we can estimate δ. Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. , 
Four Subject Systems
 We synthesized design spaces and compared static predictions with dynamic results for four subject systems. Arguably    , this serves as a reasonable ground truth as references from these papers were deemed relevant to the paper by the expert authors who chose to cite them. Note that F w is a sum of a finite number of strongly convex and smooth functions and Rw is a general convex function that is non-differentiable. Most combinations contained multiple topics    , with the exception of easy/semantic    , easy/medium visual    , and very difficult/medium visual. , 71 does not depend on X. l 
When X entirely differentiates fault-prone software parts    , then the curve approximates a step function. Moreover    , in U    , no variable is needed for the second parameter which remains constant under recursion. 9 
 By selecting the mean squared error MSE as loss    , the loss function can be expressed as: 
min B  ,Θ ||B fWX − Y|| 2 + λ1 2 K k=1 ||β k − θ parentk || 2 + λ2 2 ||Θ|| 2 . MGED 
Current methodological research on building ontologies focuses on the gathering and conceptualization of knowledge while avoiding fallacies in the formal specification of the model 
CONCLUSION Consistency in ontology schema design is essential. For evaluation purposes    , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. There are two methods of measuring variable importance in a random forest: by Gini importance and by permutation importance. When WVF = 0    , after the initial placement is found no placement changes are ever needed. Automatic learning of expressive TBox axioms is a complex task. Finally     , if the effective number of particles �ωt� −2 2 falls below a threshold we stochastically replicate each particle based on its normalized weight. The subjective effort results also indicate that visual topics require less effort to judge in terms of subjective effort    , for example it was found that participants believed they had better performance for visual topics    , while for semantic topics    , the perceived mental workload and effort was greater. The two are related quantities with different focuses. In summary    , the ARSA model mainly comprises two components . Language modeling with relevance model RM2 
dbpWISTUD 
 This run integrated background knowledge from DBpedia and applied the semantic enrichment strategies described in Section 2.2.   , " oooooooooh " or " aaaaaaah " . The experiments show that with our estimate of the relevance model    , classical probabilistic models of retrieval outperform state-of-the-art heuristic and language modeling approaches. The result is that the probabilistic model has been important mainly for providing solid foundations for much of the information retrieval work rather than as a practical tool in experimental or operational situations. Stemmers equate or conflate certain variant forms of the same word like paper    , papers and fold    , folds    , folded    , folding…. Here our new least information model departs from the classic measure of information as reduction of uncertainty entropy. If we randomly pick a document from the collection    , the chance that a term ti appears in the document can be estimated by the ratio between the number of documents containing the term ni i.e. In light of TF*IDF    , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. 2 Hierarchical tree structure in an overall graph structure: ideal for representing content models. Our approach called SemanticTyper is significantly different from approaches in past work in that we attempt to capture the distribution and hence characteristic properties of the data corresponding to a semantic label as a whole rather than extracting features from individual data values. However    , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic    , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory    , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. , 'book jacket' and 'dust cover'. In order to follow the edges in one direction in time    , we treat the edges between topic nodes as directed edges. Introduction
Images are semantic instruments for capturing aspects of the real world    , and form a vital part of the scientific record for which words are no substitute. The Combined Model
 The CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model draws on the intuition that the sequence of features e.g. Further investigation is needed to take full advantage of the prior information provided by term weighting schemes. The NDCG results from the user dependent rating imputation method are shown in 
shows the learned variances together with the number of ratings for each movie. We can briefly show why the Clarke-Tax approach maximizes the users' truthfulness by an additional    , simpler example. This model enables the analytical development of experimental designs with different engineering and efficiency tradeoffs. Here we skip the detailed formulations due to the space limitation. If the same types of dependencies were capture by both syntactic and semantic dependencies    , LCE would be expected to perform about equally as well as relevance models. Our official submission    , however    , was based on the reduced document model in which text between certain tags was indexed. The AgileViews framework 
Tasks 
Different tasks require different kinds of search strategies    , systems    , and UIs 
METHOD 
 There are tradeoffs between pure experimental betweensubjects  and repeated measure within-subject user studies. To the former we owe the concept of a relevance model: a language model representative of a class of relevant documents. Nonetheless    , our findings present a compelling case for recognizing the deeply social nature of learning and the importance of social media for inspiring learning around new topics through social connections. Thus to study the issue of user personalization we make use of our rating and review data see 
Features
Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 
TRAINING
Since we have defined a probability associated with the presence or absence of each relationship    , we can proceed by maximizing the likelihood of an observed relationship set R. In order to do so we randomly select a negative set Q = {rij|rij / ∈ R} such that |Q| = |R| and optimize the log likelihood lY  ,c|R    , Q = Learning then proceeds by optimizing lY  ,c|R    , Q over both Y and c which we achieve by gradient ascent. We wanted to see if a the fourth approach    , the categorized and weighted approach    , performed better than the rest; b the semantic relevance approach in general was better than the simple query match approach; c the categorized approach in general was better than the not-categorized approach. This type of dependence covers phrases    , term proximity    , and term co-occurrence 
SIGIR 2007 Proceedings Session 13: Formal Models 
after query expansion. Discipline means 'a method of teaching'. On Persons 1    , the three curves are near -coincidental    , while in the case of ACM-DBLP    , the best performance of the proposed system was achieved in the first iteration itself hence    , two curves are coincidental. Because the denominator holds the maximum entropy and normalized entropy is subtracted from 1    , F falls in the range 
Sσ i     , σ j  = σ i · σ j σ i σ j 2 
 Because facts cannot have negative frequencies    , similarities are in the range 
Styles    , Institutions and Reproduction 
 Cultural Reproduction: Styles are mechanisms of reproduction of focus. Experiments
In this section we describe our experimental design for the collection of preference judgements. Because the communicative context appears to mitigate the occurance of bias especially in the case of LIB   , Wikipedia vs. IMDb. The proposed measure takes into account the probability and similarity in a set of pictogram interpretation words    , and to enhance retrieval performance     , pictogram interpretations were categorized into five pictogram categories using the Concept Dictionary in EDR Electronic Dictionary. The resulting uneven link creation results in a very uneven link distribution    , with some nodes hugely connected    , and other nodes completely isolated 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Our experiment compares the reformulation of queries that users perform in keyword searching    , to the query reformulation implicit in browsing between documents linked by similarity of content. ln the experiments reported in this paper we have also incremented document scores by some factor but the differences between our experiment and Croft's work are the methods used for identifying dependencies from queries    , and the fact that syntactic information from document texts sentence a.nd phrase boundaries is used in our work. Previous work on the relationship between topic familiarity and search behavior has established that when users are more familiar with a topic    , they spend less time on search tasks    , and are likely to find a higher number of relevant documents as a proportion of documents viewed 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
To investigate the impact of topic familiarity on search behavior    , we carried out a user study. Similarly    , the research community has created excellent production digital libraries systems: NCSTRL/Dienst 
NCSTRL and Its Limitations 
In this section    , we discuss NCSTRL and its implementation limitations. Three experiments were conducted    , one based on nouns    , one based on stylometric properties    , and one based on punctuation statistics. Also    , when the standardised server is in place real    , strongly typed links via dynamic linking or interpretation could profitably be considered. A recent study of Twitter as a whole    , gathered by breadth-first search    , collected 1.47 billion edges in total 
Impact of the Suggested Users List
Given that the overall celebrity follow rate halved when Twitter switched to the categorical suggested users list    , it is clear that being on the suggested users list increases the acquisition of new followers substantially. This is done using stochastic gradient descent. Moreover    , it is worth noticing that    , since the search strategy and the application context are independent from each other    , it is possible to easily re-use and experiment strategies developed in other disciplines    , e.g. Our second model RBM takes a step further and exploit the correlations among individual passages in a Restricted Boltzmann Machine framework. However    , this resulted in severe overfitting . The same AROW parameters of the baseline model were used. 4. We bring query-likelihood LM approaches and relevance models to a common ground    , and show that both lead to the same scoring function    , although the theoretical motivation behind them is different. There were a total of 106 bilingual aspects from 36 topics that met this requirement excluding the All Others categories. This is appropriate for drawing conclusions about differences between systems    , but it does not tell us anything about reusability . Evaluation
To evaluate TagAssist    , we used data provided to use by Technorati    , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. The method is based on: i a semantic relevance function acting as a kernel to discover the semantic affinities of heterogeneous information items    , and ii an asymmetric vector projection model on which semantic dependency graphs among information items are built and representative elements of these graphs can be selected. We use this method in our prediction experiments on heldout data in the Experiments section. Studies may range from experimental evaluations testing particular system features to large-scale surveys on users and usage patterns. Our method can not only discover topic milestone papers discussed in previous work    , but also explore venue milestone papers and author milestone papers. yt = p i=1 φiyt−i + q i=1 K j=1 ρi  ,jωt−i  ,j + t    , 
2 
where p    , q    , and K are user-chosen parameters    , while φi and ρi  ,j are parameters whose values are to be estimated using the training data. We base our choice of experimental conditions on the reported perceptions of queries to reflect H2 and we reduced the number of tasks to six in an e↵ort to counteract the fatigue e↵ect observed in the pilot. Baseline for comparison was a simple string match of the query to interpretation words having a ratio greater than 0.5 5 . The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α. 
Dα = {γ1    , γ2} = {π1    , π2    , π3    , π4    , π5    , π6}    , 
with α > 0.2. We used the reference linking API to analyze D-Lib articles. We use this measure in a similar way to the authors in 
Homogeneity
Another important measure of the social diversity of a place is the extent to which its visitors are homogeneous in their characteristics . Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. The vector output at the final time-step    , encN     , is used to represent the entire tweet. In preliminary experiments we were able to achieve higher performance by using a different type of smoothing on the document models. Identification of Core Concepts
Studies on the identification of core concepts in digital resources have been carried out in different experimental setups    , involving varying degrees of human intervention. , yN  ∈ R K×N 
1 
where W and B need to be optimized in the subsequent transfer deep learning procedures. Because the communicative context appears to mitigate the occurance of bias especially in the case of LIB Typically    , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7    , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. The support vector machine then learns the hyperplane that separates the positive and negative training instances with the highest margin. For some scenarios    , our strategies yield provably optimal plans; for others the strategies are heuristic ones. Previous studies of linguistic bias have involved manually annotating textual descriptions of people by LCM categories 
We measure the above properties in various ways    , and using appropriate statistical models    , compare their use in IMDb biographies across actor race and gender. This paper focuses on comparing the basic    , entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods in the case that the index data structure fits in main memory. The entropy-based LSH method is likely to probe previously visited buckets    , whereas the multi-probe LSH method always visits new buckets. , model-based and model-free approaches 
Transfer Deep Learning
Deep learning began emerging as a new area of machine learning research in 2006 
ONTOLOGY FOR PERSONAL PHOTOS
We propose to design an ontology for personal photos    , since the vocabulary of general Web images is often too large and not specific to personal photos. Typical tools include the Fast Fourier Transform FFT    , as well as the Discrete Wavelet Transform DWT 
Background material
In this section we give a very brief introduction to some necessary background material. Note that    , in practice    , it is generally infeasible to consider all the words appearing in the blog entries as potential features     , because the feature set would be extremely large in the order of 100  ,000 in our data set    , and the cost of constructing a document-feature matrix could be prohibitively high. This can be perceived from results already.   , Quasi-Newton optimization method in this paper. As shown in 
CONCLUSIONS
 This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. RQ3 considers a second aspect of topic    , whether the topic is visually or semantically oriented 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN 2.1 Design
In our experiment we manipulated four independent variables: image size small    , medium    , large    , relevance level relevant    , not relevant    , topic difficulty easy    , medium    , difficult    , very difficult and topic visuality visual    , medium    , semantic. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. For the time being    , we execute both user defined functions and normal DBMS code within the same address space. The workshops are well prepared    , and innovative brainstorming and problem solving methods are used. For the teams applying RaPiD7 systematically the reward is    , however    , significant. ,Q~    ,  ~_ KoQ ~ Zfl2t ~-Kad 2 
where K = t o t a l number of stems recognised and a denotes the standard deviation    , We also have 
E  ,Q  ,d    , " K covariance Q    , d 
Hence    , which is the Pearson product-moment correlation of Q and d. In other words    , the vector space computation is used because it approximates the correlation computation when the vectors are sparse enough. The assumption is reasonable given the patterns of acknowledgments described in the introduction. character and word n-grams extracted from CNN can be encoded into a vector representation using LSTM that can embed the meaning of the whole tweet. , t b     , te    , where t b is a beginning time point and te is an ending time point    , and te > t b . Similar to the click modeling for document retrieval    , this sumption explains why top ranked queries receive more clicks even though they are not necessarily relevant to the given prefix. That is: 
LIBti    , d =    1 − n i N 1 − ln n i N ti ∈ d − n i N 1 − ln n i N ti ∈ d 14 
where ni is the document frequency of term ti and N is the total number of documents. Displaying query term information in the hit list as well as highlighting best passages and query terms in documents    , assisted users in making relevance judgements for the simple topics but they were less helpful on their own for the more complex topics where searchers had to engage with the content. The objectives of our experiments are to 1 evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed deep learning-to-respond schema    , and 2 evaluate contextual reformulation strategies and components of multidimension of ranking evidences for the conversational task. One key question is how to determine the weights for kernel combination. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 
We find that domain experts can agree on concept coreness ratings    , and that intermediate-level annotated features can be used to computationally predict these coreness ratings. Assuming an industrial setting    , long-term attention models that include the searcher's general interest in addition to the current session context can be expected to become powerful tools for a wide number of inference tasks. The random forest classifier appears in the first rank. Applying 
the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. Additionally    , there is the WebSeer retrieval system by 
Experimental design 
In order to evaluate the effectiveness of an IR system based on tbe Dunlop model    , a test collection was created. Using the semantic relevance values    , pictograms can be ranked from very relevant value close to 1 to not so relevant value close to 0. The bi-directional LSTM has 128 hidden units for each dimension ; CNN is 256 dimensional with a window size of 3. Evaluation of the Implementation
 Because our approach extracts reference linking and bibliographic data automatically from widely variable sources    , it cannot be expected that the data will be 100% accurate. Demand for Experimentation. If entries of the Y matrix are unavailable    , under a missing completely at random MCAR assumption we can sample them in each iteration of the MCMC procedure using Equation 1    , and then use the equation above at prediction time. We maintained a vocabulary of 177  ,044 phrases by choosing those with more than 2 occurrences. We present a selection-centric context language model and a selection-centric context semantic model for modeling and understanding context. EMPIRICAL EVALUATION
In this section we conduct a set of empirical studies to extensively evaluate the performance of our time-dependent query semantic similarity model. Experiments showed that methods with the LIB quantity were more effective in terms of within-cluster accuracy e.g. with the task model as the experimental system. This approach leads to equations 
λ δ = argmax i P R|q δ     , λ i  λ γ = argmax i P R|q γ     , λ i  
that show how the probability of R is conditioned both by the model λ i and by the state sequence of the global or optimal paths. We formulate    , test    , and provide experimental data in support of three driving hypotheses: This section summarizes the design and execution of our experiment    , the data we collected    , its interpretation    , and our results    , which include novel findings regarding these metrics. We investigate the relative importance of individual features    , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image    , another where each user has several thousand images    , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. It is evident from experimental results that our approach has much higher label prediction accuracy and is much more scalable in terms of training time than existing systems. Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method    , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. Parameter q specifies the sentiment information from how many preceding days are considered    , and K indicates the number of hidden sentiment factors used by S-PLSA to represent the sentiment information. Our experiments on numeric data show that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test achieves the highest label prediction accuracy of the various statistical hypothesis tests. Collective Similarity
 Now we consider the problem of multi-domain recommendation . These three input parameters have already been introduced before. The encoder consists of convolutional layers to extract features from the characters and an LSTM layer to encode the sequence of features to a vector representation    , while the decoder consists of two LSTM layers which predict the character at each time step from the output of encoder. One is the time-dependent content similarity measure between queries using the cosine kernel function; another is the likelihood for two queries to be grouped in a same cluster from the click-through data given the timestamp. The first two are the Indri language model passage and document retrieval systems Indri-psg    , Indri-doc. As a result    , the precision/recall values are much lower than the results of human evaluation. CLICK-THROUGH-BASED CROSS-VIEW LEARNING
The main goal of click-through-based cross-view learning is to construct a latent common subspace with the ability of directly comparing textual query and image content. This section provides a brief overview of LSH functions    , the basic LSH indexing method and a recently proposed entropy-based LSH indexing method. All the classifiers are implemented with random forest classification model    , which was reported as the best classification model in CCR. Where applicable    , both F-Measures pessimistic and re-weighted are reported. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. Our approach is compared to two commonly used weighting schemes: the inverse user frequency IUF 
3 How is the weighted memory-based approach compared to other approaches  ? For tagging with batch-mode    , it took three seconds for a photo collection of 200 photos 800*600 pixels . Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features    , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. The log of the score of the answer likelihood was then added as a feature to the existing estimated relevance function embedded in PowerAnswer answer procesing 
Experimental Observations
For each of the three question class formation methods described above    , Lymba ran a set of experiments on previous TREC test sets in order to determine which set of question classes performed the best. Let Bt denote the set of blogs on the movie of interest that were posted on day t. The average probability of sentiment factor z = j conditional on blogs in Bt is defined as 
ωt  ,j = 1 |Bt| b∈B t pz = j|b    , 
 where pz = j|bb ∈ Bt are obtained based a trained S- PLSA model. Multi-view Embedding
The research in this direction has proceeded along three dimensions: co-training 
Search by Using Click Data
 Click-through data has been studied and analyzed widely with different Web mining techniques for improving the efficacy and usability of search engines. Finally    , to predict the ratings for the test user    , we will simply add the weights to the standard memory-based approach. Our hope is that this paper provides a simple and actionable understanding of the procedures involved in benchmarking for performance changes in other contexts as well. The idea behind the method is relatively simple    , but the effective use of it is not. Here a candidate path is a path from vs or vt to an intermediate vertex that follows the appropriate pattern. On Restaurants    , for example    , the random forest-based system had run-times ranging from 2–5 s for the entire classification step depending on the iteration. Query Likelihood
 In case of the query likelihood also referred as standard LM approach     , documents are ranked according to the likelihood of them being relevant given the query P D|Q. We use simple heuristics to separate acronyms from non-acronym entity names. Multimodality is the capability of fusing and presenting heterogeneous data    , such as audio    , video and text    , from multiple information sources    , such as the Internet and TV. CONCLUSIONS
 This paper investigated a framework of Multi-Kernel Locality- Sensitive Hashing by exploring multiple kernels for efficient and scalable content-based image retrieval. Although the methods resemble each other in many ways    , the differences are evident. The predictor pops the top structure off of the queue and tries to extend it using the substantiator. The task is to estimate the relevance of the image and the query for each test query-image pair    , and then for each query    , we order the images based on the prediction scores returned by our trained ranking model. *; : Surrogate s = new Surrogate  url ; s.save; 
The application produces a repository of surrogates    , which represents    , and adds value to    , the D-Lib on-line journal. It is believed that there is no further sophistication to this representation    , but within the confines of the investigation    , it was not possible to determine this for certain~.   , precision and purity. A final study investigated to what extent the number of training topics hypothesis H3 influences a user's ability to formulate good queries. ω k denotes the combination parameters for each term with emotion e k     , and can be estimated by maximizing log-likelihood function with L2 i.e. SIGIR 
CNN-LSTM ENCODER-DECODER
In this section    , we describe the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model that operates at the character level and generates vector representation of tweets. The interaction design included 30 complex questions; for each    , participants could submit a URL to an interactive system. To accomplish this    , we extract various features from a user's geotagged photos posted online. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects    , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. In the case of Persons 2 and Restaurants    , both methods performed equally well. Finally    , to predict ratings for a test user    , the computed weights are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as described in Section 3. Gini importance is calculated based on Gini Index or Gini Impurity    , which is the measure of class distribution within a node. We are currently working on folding in our classifier module into a web-scale crawler. Therefore    , we extracted entities from the topic description and the top related tweets by means of different NER services DBpedia Spotlight    , Alchemy API    , and Zemanta. The first factor    , subject culture    , had two values: American and Chinese. Also    , PM Fj denotes the prior probability of field Fj mapped into any query term before observing collection statistics. University faculty lists form the seeds for such a crawl. The users can highlight any text from the search snippets or whole document and add it to the notebook by a single button click. Similar results hold when using the fraction of sentences with positive/negative sentiment    , thresholded versions of those features    , other sentiment models and lexicons LIWC as well as emoticon detectors. These benefits include verification of architectural constraints on component compositions    , and increased opporttmities for optimization between components. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index    , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. To encourage diversity in those replicated particles    , we select a small number of documents 10 in our implementation from the recent 1000 documents    , and do a single MCMC sweep over them    , and then finally reset the weight of each particle to uniform. Each part γ i ∈ Dα constitutes a set of semantically related primary information items linked according to their semantic relationships. The accuracy and effectiveness of our model have been confirmed by the experiments on the movie data set. Trustworthiness of an identity: The likelihood that the identity will respect the terms of service ToS of its domain in the future    , denoted by T rustID. In our study    , we choose cosine similarity due to its simplicity. Fusion of LIB & LIF
While LIB uses binary term occurrence to estimate least information a document carries in the term    , LIF measures the amount of least information based on term frequency. Moreover in 28% of searches documents were saved only from the top 25. The first order derivatives are: 
= e −v u  ,i  ,t ·r u  ,i  ,t 1 + e −v u  ,i  ,t ·r u  ,i  ,t · −ru  ,i  ,t 
 Based on the above derivation    , we can use the stochastic gradient descent method to find the optimal parameters. Using these constraints    , we calculate the model parameters Θ with maximizing the log-likelihood log L in Equation 9. 3 Information hiding/unhiding by folding tree branches. In order to deepen our understanding of interactive searching and its evaluation    , a typology of search topics needs to be developed. These parameters can be determined by maximizing the log-likelihood function i.e. This click model is consisted of a horizontal model H Model that explains the skipping behavior    , a vertical model D Model that depicts the vertical examination behavior    , and a relevance model R Model that measures the intrinsic relevance between the prefix and a suggested query. A guiding principle for us was that relevance of a topic should not be just based on individual terms or keywords    , such as genes or diseases    , but rather it should take into account the subject of the whole document. The last LSTM decoder generates each character    , C    , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128    , ht−1    , for the next time-step prediction. Section 4 defines CyCLaDEs model. In this example    , P-DBSCAN forms better clusters since it takes local density into account. EVALUATION
We trained a support vector machine classifier with an RBF kernel implemented in the WEKA machine learning workbench 
Metrics
We used four standard classification metrics to evaluate system performance. , models are built and applied on the same project    , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier    , while only random forest ranks in the first tier. Specifically    , we use Clickture as " labeled " data for semantic queries and train the ranking model. Moreover    , our created lexicon outperforms the competitive counterpart on emotion classification task. it is possible in the probabilistic environment to take into account at least some of the dependencies and relationships between the terms used to iden- tify the queries and the stored records. DATA AUGMENTATION & TRAINING
We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques    , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . We measure mainly the hit-ratio; the fraction of queries answered by the decentralized cache. To avoid underflow and multiplication by zero    , we employ log-likelihood instead of likelihood: 
LogLikelihoodeScw|D f w  = w∈Scw ln P w|D f w  
 To reward similar words in at least one model of sentence likelihood as before    , we use a second    , more relaxed model of the loglikelihood of D generating S as a high-coreness sentence as follows: 
LogLikelihoodrScw|D f w  = w 1 ∈Scw ln max w 2 ∈D f w relw1    , w2 · P w2|D f w  
This second model introduces the lexical relw1    , w2 function into the formula in order to value words that are not present in the domain standards but are similar or related to words that are present. This means in practice that a person uses approximately a day to finalize the work. RELATED WORK
In this section    , we briefly review research related to our approach in two categories. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in 
Combinations 
Cross-Site Scripting
As with SQL injection    , cross-site scripting 
Cross-Site Scripting Detection
Indications of cross-site scripting are detected during the reverse engineering phase    , when a crawler performs a complete scan of every page within a Web application. Please note that we build a global classifier with all training instances instead of building a local classifier for each entity for simplicity. CONCLUSIONS AND FUTURE WORK
We have described the design and implementation of HearSay    , an audio Web browser system. We employ a deep learning engine to semantically label photos to explore the visual content of real-life photos. Different from the traditional PLSA 
RELATED WORK
Sentiment Mining
Most existing work on sentiment mining sometimes also under the umbrella of opinion mining focuses on determining the semantic orientations of documents. However    , the experimental design also created a context for studying and comparing the behavior and judgment of users as they themselves search for aligned documents vs.how they act when evaluating the alignment of document/standard pairs suggested by others. S final = 1 |Q S | + 1  Q i ∈Q S S Q i  + S  1 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Here we provide information about the datasets used in this study    , how to perform feature normalization    , and the evaluation technique. In addition    , given that we allow users to freely enter additional tags    , we can use that information to improve TagAssist. Study overview
We used the same setup and experimental design as in the Main Study and varied only the ratio between training and test topics: in this study we used two topics for training    , and the remaining four topics for testing. We are also exploring novel way of presenting the suggestion list    , besides using plain text. We are interested in answering the question about the space requirements    , search time and search quality trade-offs for different LSH methods. Drop-Out: we concatenate q0 with the whole context while leave-one-out each context sentence    , one at a time    , i.e. They include the number of hidden sentiment factors in S-PLSA    , K    , and the orders of the ARSA model    , p and q. Performing a similarity search query on an LSH index consists of two steps: 1 using LSH functions to select " candidate " objects for a given query q    , and 2 ranking the candidate objects according to their distances to q. 2. To discover a topic evolution graph from a seed topic    , we apply a breadth-first search starting from the seed node but only following the edges that lead to topic nodes earlier in time. Experimental Setup
We extended the LDF client 2 with the CyCLaDEs model presented in Sect.   , for language modeling 44 and collaborative ltering 55. The relevance judgments are supplied in a format amenable to TREC evaluation . A. Similarly    , for each observed rating rij     , we have the following stochastic gradient descent updating rules to learn the latent parameters: 
ui ← ui + γ1 ∆ijvj − α f ∈F + i s if ui − u f  −α g∈F − i sigui − ug − λ1ui     , vj ← vj + γ2∆ijui − λ2vj    , 
4 where ∆ij = rij − u T i vj     , 
5 
and F − i represents user i's inlink friends. Volcano uses a non-interleaved strategy with a transformation-based enumerator. Our experiments after the evaluation show there is a value using semantic information in detecting similarity and dissimilarity. We use this value to predict user's interest in a page which he has not yet visited but which other users have. Our results show that the query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the simple    , step-wise sequence.   , the difference in means depends on aspects of the experimental design. Result Ranking. Also    , as discussed in 
Experimental method
There were two goals for the experiments. A Simple Display Application
The first example 
Reference Linking the D-Lib Magazine
The second example gathers and stores reference linking information for future use. The experimental results on three real-world datasets show our proposed method performs a better top-K recommendation than baseline methods. This lack of relationship between sentiment and success may be a masking effect    , due to the correlation between positive sentiment and other variables like reciprocity Pearson correlation coefficient r = .08 and word length r = .10. Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos    , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. Leading into TREC 2007 it was empirically determined that the models based on grouping questions by answer types was most effective     , and so was the configuration used for the TREC 2007 test set. The subjects of the pilot experiment did not participate in the actual experiment. But we do not use RMSE because the graded relevance and the estimated relevance have different scales from 0 to 2    , and from 0 to 1 respectively. Once the relevant pictograms are selected    , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. We used Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 
Impact of the Number of the Clients on the Behavioral Cache. The third one is the CMU system    , which gives the best performance in TREC 2007 and 2008 evaluations 
Baseline 
CONCLUSIONS
In this paper    , we introduced two probabilistic models that model individual blog posts as hidden variables for blog seed retrieval tasks. The entropy-based LSH method generates randomly perturbed objects and use LSH functions to hash them to buckets    , whereas the multi-probe LSH method uses a carefully derived probing sequence based on the hash values of the query object. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. In our particular case this rating is represented by behavior of users on every page they both visit. SIGIR 2007 Proceedings Session 25: Combination and Fusion 
Feature Selection
We first consider the problem of feature selection    , i.e. With a simple and fast heuristic we determine the language of the document: we assume the document to be in the language in which it contains the most stopwords. The measurements were taken at five levels of minimum confidence    , and they are shown in 
We consider the results to be a positive indication that the predictive model is not over fitting the training data. Our selected encoding of the input query as pairs of wordpositions and their respective cluster id values allows us to employ the random forest architecture over variable length input.   , ridge regularization. To compare the two approaches in detail    , we are interested in answering two questions. Related Models
The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. Another possible direction for future work is to use S-PLSA as a tool to help track and monitor the changes and trends in sentiments expressed online. Reusing existing GROUP BY optimization logic can yield an efficient PIVOT implementation without significant changes to existing code. In addition    , once elaborate and precise ontologies have been created they often lack users to maintain them over time. Our method presupposes a set of pictograms having a list of interpretation words and ratios for each pictogram.   , the numberof times w occurred in d. I t i s w orth noticing that an equivalent symmetric version of the model can be obtained by i n verting the conditional probability P zjd with the help of Alternating 5 with 68 deenes a convergent procedure that approaches a local maximum of the logglikelihood in 3. F itness2 = RI * 10 − W I * 2 
EXPERIMENTS
In this section    , we present the results of the experiments we have performed to evaluate our proposed GP-based approach to deduplication. Our results from these models show that a fully balanced design— accounting for both request variability and host variability—is optimal in minimizing the benchmark's standard error given a fixed number of requests and machines. We now study how the choice of these parameter values affects the prediction accuracy. For simplicity    , we define LST M xt    , ht−1 to denote the LSTM operation on input x at time-step t and the previous hidden state ht−1. – We evaluate our approach by extending LDF client with CyCLaDEs. We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. In the future we plan to apply deep learning approach to other IR applications    , e.g. Pairs chosen should have the following properties:  Spread of sites: If a certain population of sites are of interest    , a representative spread of sites should be included in the evaluation. Further    , we limit ourselves to the " Central " evaluation setting that is    , only central documents are accepted as relevant and use F1 as our evaluation measure. However    , the experimental design allows us to also explore differences between alignment assessment and behavior. Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input    , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. Finally    , we assessed our random forest model Sec. Section 5 reports our experimental results. To compute the similarity weights w i  ,k between users ui and u k     , several similarity measures can be adopted    , e.g. The MG system only recognizes place names if the probability given by the Random Forest classifier for the class " match " is higher than a minimum threshold the minimum confidence level. Hence    , connectivity-based unsupervised classifiers offer a viable solution for cross and within project defect predictions. Otherwise    , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. Hence a mechanism should be provided to make the DBMS itself extensible by user defined functions such that they become part of the DBMS's query language. Since our focus is on type prediction     , we employ retrieval models used in the recent work by Kim et al. The correlation between Qrels-based measures and Trelsbased measures is extremely high. It is therefore common practice in information retrieval and multimedia databases to use numeric scores in the interval ë0  ,1ë to model user interests ë6    , 5    , 7ë. The first is the object model of an E-commerce system adopted from Lau and Czarnecki 
Planning and Execution
Our experimental procedure involved the synthesis of both design spaces of database alternatives and several abstract loads in a variety of sizes for each subject system. For example    , consider the following two queries: In general    , the design philosophy of our method is to achieve a reasonable balance between efficiency and detection capability. From the definition of time-dependent marginalized kernel     , we can observe that the semantic similarity between two queries given the timestamp t is determined by two factors . This includes issues of persistent storage    , efficient reasoning    , data mediation    , scalability    , distribution of data    , fault tolerance and security. On the other hand    , a more standard assumption in economic theory is the ET game; in the ET game    , if there are ties the revenue is shared equally. Finally    , we select the state with the largest expected number of steps in word items as the next item g |G|+1 in BCDRW ranking: 
g |G|+1 = argmax n i=|G|+1 vi 25 
 Note that    , in each iteration we need to compute the fundamental matrix 20    , which is expensive. In all experiments on the four benchmark collections    , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. Each of these macro parts can be changed independently. He found the logarithm of the number of distinguishable states of the storage device to be intuitively acceptable and that    , when he I used it    , it worked. Auto-regressive modeling
Auto-regressive models are the most widely known and used. Related Work
There is a growing interest in the development of text applications using DBMS technology. Suggestion Method Precision Recall 
Discussion
Our evaluation shows that TagAssist is able to provide relevant tag suggestions for new blog posts. The average reference accuracy is the average over all the references. We then present four simple experimental designs that cover a range of benchmarking setups    , including " live " benchmarks and carefully controlled experiments    , and derive their standard errors. nodes with no connections increases. As we are interested in analyzing very large corpora and the behavior of the various similarity measures in the limit as the collections being searched grow infinitely large    , we consider the situation in which so many relevant documents are available to a search engine for any given query q that the set of n top-ranked documents Rq are all -indistinguishable. Yet another complicating dimension    , which is nevertheless critical to scale large testing systems    , is distributed benchmarking across multiple hosts. Here    , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method    , a widely used learning method for large-scale data    , to learn parameters. The profile characterizes the content of the cache of LDF client at a given moment. We propose three aspects context coherence    , selection clarity and reference relevance for measuring context quality    , detecting noisy selections    , and computing the relevance of a reference concept    , respectively. In a benchmarking experiment    , we identify δ by specifying a schedule of delivery of requests to hosts    , along with hosts' assignments to conditions. 6 can be estimated by maximizing the following data log-likelihood function    , 
Lω    , α= M u=1 N v=1 log Nz z=1  1 Ze u exp j=1 αzjgjeu δruv K i=1 ωzifieu    , dv 
7 
where M is the number of the entities and N is the number of the documents in training set. The accurate celebrity subgraph has a total of 835    , 117    , 954    , or about 835 million    , directed edges in it which is actually a non-negligible fraction of edges in Twitter's social graph. Conclusion and Future Plans
This paper presented the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval.   , cosine similarity and Pearson correlation. For doing that    , the downhill Simplex method takes a set of steps. The first independent model IND assumes that the relevance of a specific top-ranked passage si is independent of the relevance of any other passage in s. We use the logistic function to model the relevance of a passage. Future work will look at incorporating document-side dependencies    , as well. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 
Evaluation Benchmarks
For each dataset    , we created an evaluation benchmark by randomly picking 100 objects as the query objects    , and for each query object    , the ground truth i.e. This basic unit of objective information    , the bit    , was more formally related to thermodynamics by Szilard. DANGEROUS 
Sequentialization and the Danger of Destruction 
The transition schemes between certain recursive and certain iterative notations show that the one form is as good as the other    , apart from its appearance. We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space    , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. We are able to sample graphs from qH according to Section 4. One solution was to provide an additional feature which was the number of times any URL at the given domain was visited by a toolbar user. Thus    , our solution successfully combines together two traditionally important aspects of IR: unsupervised learning of text representations word embeddings from neural language model and learning on weakly supervised data. The community at large should come together and build systems that conform to standards which will support common data interchange formats    , dynamic    , programmatic access to local and remote data sources    , and common application programming interfaces. Such representations can guide knowledge transfer from the source to the target domain. Ultimately we used 92 bilingual aspects from 33 topics    , including 3 Chinese aspects that could only be used as training data for English aspect classification because each of them had only 4 segments. The resulting relevance model significantly outperforms all existing click models. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection    , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. , 
κ = m l=1 1 m κ l     , 
 and adopts this combined kernel for KLSH. We first analyzed the theoretical property of kernel LSH KLSH. Research Framework
To organize our research    , we modified the model of 
Tag Suggestions 
 Prior work showed users create tags similar to those they have viewed 
Experimental design
To study our research questions    , we designed a survey in which subjects were shown a sequence of movies and asked to apply tags to each of the movies. Finally    , we reiterated the importance of choosing expansion terms that model relevance    , rather than the relevant documents and showed how LCE captures both syntactic and query-side semantic dependencies. In cooperation with BookCrossing     , we mailed all eligible users via the community mailing system    , asking them to participate in our online study. Simply put    , RaPiD7 is a method in which the document in hand is authored in a team in consecutive workshops. Using the training blog entries    , we train an S-PLSA model. We introduce a typical use case in which an intelligent traffic management system must support coordinated access to a knowledge base for a large number of agents. After that    , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. This model is then converted into a vector representation as mentioned above. System design
 Our Interactive Tracking system uses the vector-space approach where each document is represented by a vector of term weights V . Results: Numeric Data
We used the numeric data properties of the City class from DBpedia divided into 10 data sources to test our approach on numeric data. Note that search engine operations such as stemming and case-folding may preclude highlighting by re-scanning the retrieved documents for the search terms. The tax levied by user i is computed based on the Clarke Tax formulation as follows: 
πig *  = X j =i vj arg max g∈G X k =i v k g − X j =i vjg *  3 
 Note user i's tax πig *  for selecting outcome g * is composed of two portions    , that are computed over a group of users excluding user i. Section 3 provides details on our interface design and experimental setup. Experimental Environment
We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 
Distribution of Co-reference in Linked Data
Some research implies that co-reference follows a power law distribution 
Experimental Settings
We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator    , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method. The changes in daily gross revenues are depicted in 
Discussion
It is interesting to observe from 
S-PLSA: A PROBABILISTIC APPROACH TO SENTIMENT MINING
In this section    , we propose a probabilistic approach to analyzing sentiments in the blogs    , which will serve as the basis for predicting sales performance. In the within-project setting i.e. In this paper we developed a statistical model to understand and quantify these effects    , and explored their practical impact on benchmarking . This characterizes the level of noise inherent in an n-gram indexing scheme; the significance of a particular similarity measure value could be described as the number of standard deviations it falls above the mean of the noise distribution. Experimental Study
The goal of the experimental study is to evaluate the effectiveness of CyCLaDEs. For a value of a property    , the likelihood probability is calculated as P 'value | pref erred based on the frequency count table of that column. For each combination of the parameters    , we run the inference for 100 iterations. Among them    , some of the studies attempt to learn a positive/negative classifier at the document level. Our random forest is composed of binary trees and a weight associated with each tree. TOPIC RELATED OPINION RETRIEVAL
Blog post opinion retrieval aims at developing an effective retrieval function that ranks blog posts according to the likelihood that they are expressing an opinion about a particular topic. Furthermore. , w k p  is given by w k = K −1/2 e k S . An example for our CQA intent classification task may be {G : 0.3    , CQA : 0.7}    , which means that the forest assessment of an input query is that it is a general Web query G with 30% probability    , and a CQA query CQA with 70% probability. Ridge    , lasso    , or elastic net regularization has been used in previous methods. Next    , we calculate the probability of being positive or negative regarding each topic    , P pos|z and P neg|z using pseudo-training images    , assuming that all other candidates images than pseudo positive images are negative samples. The experimental design of the track was similar to that of the previous three years 
For the 2014 track    , sessions were obtained from workers on Amazon's Mechanical Turk. from a journal a real world example for a database containing medical document abstracts is given by the Journal of Clinical Oncology 1 . Acknowledgements
Hundreds of people have been involved in making RaPiD7 as a working practice in Nokia. This dataset contains the purchase history from 2004-01-01 to 2009-03-08. To identify friends with similar tastes    , a context-aware version of Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. The multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 and reduces that of the entropy-based approach by a factor of 5 to 8. With these choices    , nearby objects those within distance r have a greater chance p1 vs. p2 of being hashed to the same value than objects that are far apart those at a distance greater than cr away. , πn is the value of the g minus the tax numeraire    , given by: uic = vig − πi. 2 
Comparison between Our Method and the Traditional Materialized View Method
Our fast detection method for empty-result queries uses some data structure similar to materialized views − each atomic query part stored in the collection C aqp can be regarded as a " mini " materialized view. This is desirable for those applications where users care more about hot spots in the data set. This has been done in a heuristic fashion in the past    , and may have stifled the performance of classical probabilistic approaches. Semantic Relatedness
The first evaluation is based on the SemEval 2015-Task 1: Paraphrase and Semantic Similarity in Twitter 
Sentiment Classification
The second evaluation is based on the SemEval 2015-Task 10B: Twitter Message Polarity Classification 
CONCLUSION AND FUTURE WORK
In this paper    , we presented Tweet2Vec    , a novel method for generating general-purpose vector representation of tweets    , using a character-level CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder architecture . To achieve this goal    , we first partition the timeline into N continuous bins of equal size. Dijkstra 1969 EWD-249    , derived in a systematic way. This in contrast with the probabilistic model of information retrieval . Next    , we used Alchemy 2 to generatively learn the weights of our base MLN using the evidence data. We further emphasized that it is of crucial importance to develop a proper combination of multiple kernels for determining the bit allocation task in KLSH    , although KLSH and MKLSH with naive use of multiple kernels have been proposed in literature. It uses dynamic programming to compute optimal alignment between two sequences of characters. Such an approach might not fully explore the power of multiple kernels. h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h APPROACH QUERY DOCTOR BOOK CRY PLAYGROUND BEDTIME 
Conclusion
 Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design    , and they do not have single    , clear semantics. There are many different schemes for choosing Δλ. Each tree is composed of internal nodes and leaves. Any programming language which supports static types could be used as well    , for example MODULA /Wi83/. Computational Complexity
All the presented approaches allow the computation of the probabilities using a dynamic programming approach. The log-likelihood contains a log function over summations of terms with λt defined by Equation 5    , which can make parameter inference intractable. Single dimension with no hierarchies
 In this case the subcube C b consists of a onedimensional array of T real-values. Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. 9 
The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. We also found that adding implicit state information that is predicted by our classifier increases the possibility to find state-level geolocation unambiguously by up to 80%. A typical HIT might involve translating a paragraph of text    , labeling an image    , or completing a survey. When a new note is saved    , it is displayed in the notebook lower right in 
THE STUDY DESIGN
To assess the value of TaskSieve's task modeling features    , an experimental study was performed using a full-fledged version of TaskSieve i.e. The latter problem is trivial    , as users tend to have very few pinboards per category 
Category prediction
We design a multi-class Random Forest classifier 7 to learn which category a user will repin a given image into. Considering the Random Forest based approaches we vary the number of trees ranging from 10 to 1000. RELATED WORK
The results of Gray et al. The results from the initial workshops were encouraging and the method was taken into use in several other teams    , too. But these tools were not consistent in terms of software design    , implementation language or user interface. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. Cultural Focus: To quantify the extent to which a party i reveals a cultural focus F on few selected hashtags or users facts    , the normalized Shannon entropy 
F σ i  = 1 − − n j=1 pa j  * log 2 p  a j  log 2 n 1 
Here    , pa j  corresponds to the frequency of a cultural fact a j for party i divided by the frequency of all other facts of that party. INTRODUCTION
In recent years    , Weblogs or blogs in short have become a popular type of media on the Web. We found that we are able to predict correctly implicit state information based on geospatial named entities using a Random Forest RF classifier with precision of 0.989    , recall 0.798    , and F1 of 0.883    , for Pennsylvania. System R also uses a bottomup enumerator and interleaves costing    , but does not prune the logical space as aggressively as greedy search techniques    , and augments the search with dynamic programming. Under the structure preservation criterion    , it is reasonable to minimize Eq.3    , since it will incur a heavy penalty if two similar examples are mapped far away. We utilize the Clarke Tax mechanism that maximizes the social utility function by encouraging truthfulness among the individuals    , regardless of other individuals choices. Document Scoring
We want our event scoring function to take into account the page's likelihood of discussing an event    , therefore we include a document-level score αD. We first vary K    , with fixed p and q values p = 7    , and q = 1. , precision and purity. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods    , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. A well equipped and powerful system should be able to compare the content of the abstracts regarding their semantics    , i.e. This method only requires function evaluations    , not derivatives. We can estimate Px from the collection as: ~fxd d for all z n-grams X ~" 
Under ~h~ fame assumptions as above    , the variance of S is: 
axPx2+Nd 3 VARSd  ,e=NdNeE + Ne-2 E a P X X X X Nd+Ne-l  E x y~x axayPx2py2 4 Nd+Ne-l  E a P X X X 
With a multlnomial model of text and given n-gram probabilities    , 
one can thus 
predict the expected value and the variance of a similarity measure computed for a random pair of text items. Experimental design and conditions
The results of the study raises methodological questions with regard to the specification of the interactive task and the topics. Semantic Relevance Measure
 We identified ambiguities in pictogram interpretation and possible issues involved in the usage of such pictograms in communication. In order to find the best parameters    , we tried different λ values for each σ value in the range of 
Experimental Results on the Test Query Set
 In this section    , we present the evaluation results of our approaches on the TREC 2008 query topics. Several papers formalized position bias using probabilistic models    , such as the Cascade model The majority of the research and development effort up to the present has been concentrated on the design and implementation of an experimental testbed system for the data acquisition component.   , http://searchmsn n.com/results.aspx  ?q=machine+learning&form=QBHP. Likelihood Function
To compute the signal parameter vector w    , we need a likelihood function integrating signals and w. As discussed in §2    , installed apps may reflect users' interests or preferences. Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels    , product classes    , properties    , value instances    , and top-level classes for each product ontology. These kinds of materials support in-depth knowledge of the field    , a creator    , or a genre; they also assist in developing theories regarding the relationships between creativity    , authorship and production. Search terms can easily be highlighted in found documents if they are presented using the internal representation; otherwise some word-by-word positional mapping back to the original may be needed. Another 216 words returned the same results for the three semantic relevance approaches. Using MCMC    , we queried for the probability of an individual being a ProblemLoan. Experimental Conditions
 We refined our basic survey idea into a 2 x 4 betweensubjects design. A supervised classifier based on random forest over variable length texts    , using word-clusters for input text representation. Dennis Egan of BelIcore ran these experiments    , with two chemistry pr+ fessors at Cornell serving as consultants to design the questions    , and 1000 articles from the Jounzal of the American Chemical Society used for data. While many other biomedical disease domains may be able to " borrow " essential elements and design principles from these standards    , each disease research initiative will ultimately have to develop such controlled vocabularies and data elements in order to facilitate data integration and reliable representation. For example    , in 
Modeling Subtleties. Overall Approach
We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. . This metric is computed for the two main activities of posting updates tweets and mentioning others. Note that    , conditioned on the activity function at    , the second term is constant. Therefore    , we need to deal with potentially infinite number of related learning problems    , each for one of the query q ∈ Q. The constant Zn is chosen so that the perfect ranking gives an NDCG value of 1. From a system's perspective it could be argued that the TREC interactive task of finding as many different instances on a topic as possible in twenty minutes is basically a recall task. We want to semantify text by assigning word sense IDs to the content words in the document. Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method    , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. Its design has been influenced by our earlier work on the XXL language for XML IR 
The SphereSearch Engine is fully implemented in Java using Oracle10g as an underlying data manager . Furthermore    , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. Thus    , D S is identified by its CCD and all the linking candidates D T for this dataset are found in its cluster    , following our working hypothesis.