We conjecture that the larger amount least information is needed to explain a term's probability in a document vs. in the collection    , the more heavily the term should be weighted to represent the document 
LI Binary LIB Model
 In the binary model    , a term either occurs or does not occur in a document. Because linguistic biases are mitigated by the communicative context    , we might expect collaborative biographies created in a more anonymous communication environment     , such as IMDb    , to suffer less from linguistic bias    , where the social identity of the biography's subject is the primary trigger for LIB and LEB. A single directional LSTM typically propagates information from the first word to the last; hence the hidden state at a certain step is dependent on its previous words only and blind of future words . The bi-directional LSTM has 128 hidden units for each dimension ; CNN is 256 dimensional with a window size of 3. The entropy-based LSH method generates randomly perturbed objects and use LSH functions to hash them to buckets    , whereas the multi-probe LSH method uses a carefully derived probing sequence based on the hash values of the query object. As the value nears zero    , the pictogram becomes less relevant; hence    , a cutoff point is needed to discard the less relevant pictograms. The LFA strategy is a special case of the generalized LFA strategy with l = 1. PREDICTING REFERENCE QUALITY
 We model reference quality from three aspects: the coherence of the context    , the clarity of the selection    , and the relevance of the reference with respect to the selection and the context. Our random forest is composed of binary trees and a weight associated with each tree. character and word n-grams extracted from CNN can be encoded into a vector representation using LSTM that can embed the meaning of the whole tweet.   , n    , IMRank eventually converges to a self-consistent ranking within a finite number of iterations    , starting from any initial ranking. Dijkstra 1969 EWD-249    , derived in a systematic way. The log of the score of the answer likelihood was then added as a feature to the existing estimated relevance function embedded in PowerAnswer answer procesing 
Experimental Observations
For each of the three question class formation methods described above    , Lymba ran a set of experiments on previous TREC test sets in order to determine which set of question classes performed the best. Our official submission    , however    , was based on the reduced document model in which text between certain tags was indexed. We conducted personal photo tagging on 7  ,000 real personal photos and personal photo search on the MIT-Adobe FiveK photo dataset. An extension could also support composition and association between types    , supporting the structuring mechanisms from object-oriented programming languages in full generality. This toleration factor reflects the inherent resolving limitation of a given relevance scoring function    , and thus within this toleration factor    , the ranking of documents can be seen as arbitrary.  F 1 -measure: the weighted harmonic mean of precision and recall. This method only requires function evaluations    , not derivatives. Baseline for comparison was a simple string match of the query to interpretation words having a ratio greater than 0.5 5 . Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. Also    , when the standardised server is in place real    , strongly typed links via dynamic linking or interpretation could profitably be considered. Finally    , the time complexity of IMRank is OnT dmax log dmax    , where T is the number of iterations IMRank takes before convergence. Thus we need only to compute 6 twice per MCMC iteration . Four pictogram retrieval approaches 
were evaluated: 1 baseline approach which returns pictograms containing the query as interpretation word with ratio greater than 0.5; 2 semantic relevance approach which calculates semantic relevance value using not-categorized interpretations ; 3 semantic relevance approach which calculates semantic relevance values using categorized interpretations; and 4 semantic relevance approach which calculates semantic relevance values using categorized and weighted interpretations .   , as the product of the probabilities of the single observations    , which are functions of the covariates whose values are known in the observations and the coefficients which are the unknowns. But we do not use RMSE because the graded relevance and the estimated relevance have different scales from 0 to 2    , and from 0 to 1 respectively. Here    , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method    , a widely used learning method for large-scale data    , to learn parameters. If the friendship measure is larger than the threshold    , the friend ID with its rating information is sent back to the target peer. h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h APPROACH QUERY DOCTOR BOOK CRY PLAYGROUND BEDTIME 
Conclusion
 Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design    , and they do not have single    , clear semantics. Our official results for these five runs are shown in 
Cross Language Track 
English French German Italian 6-grams 1.0 2.5 8.5 1.0 Words 6.0 1.0 1.0 1.5 
The resulting combined runs were then merged using these weights: The similarity of these runs lead us to believe that tuning weights under this approach to merging is not a cost-effective use of one's time. Despite the reasonable average percentual increase    , most of the differences are not significant. The results from the initial workshops were encouraging and the method was taken into use in several other teams    , too. The second author is grateful to Esther and Kiri for their loving support and dedicates this work to Joshua and Jacob. We had hoped that with the CLIR track in its third year    , more groups would start to experiment with non-English query languages. A version of the corpus is annotated with various linguistic information such as part-of-speech    , morphology    , UMLS semantic classes. One is a variant of the Bellcore SuperBook system
Experiments
In an effort to compare the image and text versions of the same material    , we ran some systematic experiments at Cornell    , using 36 students as experimental subjects in a controlled sitation. Comparison with other feature selection methods
To test the effectiveness of using appraisal words as the feature set    , we experimentally compare ARSA with a model that uses the classic bag-of-words method for feature selection     , where the feature vectors are computed using the relative frequencies of all the words appearing in the blog entries. But these tools were not consistent in terms of software design    , implementation language or user interface. Results
A total of twelve groups from six different countries submitted results for the TREC-8 CLIR track see 
Participant 
Merging remained an important issue for most participants. The user interface is designed by first applying a conceptual design method. Our document scoring    , αD    , our region scoring βR    , and our field scoring γF  are discussed in depth in the following sections. This metric is computed for the two main activities of posting updates tweets and mentioning others. In this paper 1 we present a coordination middleware for the Semantic Web and demonstrate its relevance to these vital issues for Semantic Web applications. This transcription was designated " B2 " in the official NIST TREC-8 SDR documentation and " B1 " in the corresponding TREC-9 SDR documentation. There are many different schemes for choosing Δλ. CONCLUSIONS
We discussed a model of retrieval that bridges a gap between the classical probabilistic models of information retrieval    , and the emerging language modeling approaches. After enough information about previously-executed    , empty-result queries has been accumulated in C aqp     , our method can often successfully detect empty-result queries and avoid the expensive query execution. These kinds of materials support in-depth knowledge of the field    , a creator    , or a genre; they also assist in developing theories regarding the relationships between creativity    , authorship and production. Twenty-one participants were recruited from the UMD community. We have shown very competitive results relative to the LETOR-provided baseline models. DATA AUGMENTATION & TRAINING
We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques    , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . It is the length of the projection of one vector onto the other unit vector. For possible future research    , we plan to design a better text representation scheme by combining full text representation with feature selection techniques to avoid using only emotion terms. We contrast our prediction technique that leverages social cues and image content features with simpler methods that leverage color spaces    , intensity    , and simple contextual metrics. We will show the effectiveness of our proposed method in the experimental section. We use this method in our prediction experiments on heldout data in the Experiments section. Since each Ik has an upper bound i.e. Also    , PM Fj denotes the prior probability of field Fj mapped into any query term before observing collection statistics. The first example is an on-line application; the second is run off-line to produce stored data. This model enables the analytical development of experimental designs with different engineering and efficiency tradeoffs. In order to deepen our understanding of interactive searching and its evaluation    , a typology of search topics needs to be developed. Dennis Egan of BelIcore ran these experiments    , with two chemistry pr+ fessors at Cornell serving as consultants to design the questions    , and 1000 articles from the Jounzal of the American Chemical Society used for data. For evaluation purposes    , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. 9 
The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. gorithm 1 outlines the key steps of KLSH    , where b is a critical parameter that determines the length of hash key to be constructed in KLSH. This is appropriate for drawing conclusions about differences between systems    , but it does not tell us anything about reusability . Second    , we believe that the ranking orders generated by the base ranking function is substantially more reliable than the numerical values of the ranking scores. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
 Amazon Mechanical Turk MTurk is an online labor market in which requesters can post small jobs    , referred to as human intelligence tasks or HITs    , along with specified payments for completing each HIT. INTRODUCTION
 Recent developments in the conceptual view of Information Retrieval marked a departure from the traditional models of relevance and the emergence of language modeling frameworks    , introduced by Ponte and Croft 
Earlier work on probabilistic models of information retrieval 
RELATED WORK
 There are two directions of information retrieval research that provide a theoretical foundation for our model: the now classic work on probabilistic models of relevance    , and the recent developments in language modeling techniques for IR. Implementation Details
We have implemented the three different LSH methods as discussed in previous sections: basic    , entropy    , and multiprobe . Further assuming under this condition that the Web application is invulnerable induces a false negative discussed in Section 5 as PF L |V  ,D. If an injection succeeds    , it serves as an example of the IKM learning from experience and eventually producing a valid set of values. We are able to sample graphs from qH according to Section 4. Request permissions from permissions@acm.org. The former one classifies the candidate documents into vital or non-vital    , yet the latter one classifies them into relevant vital + useful  or irrelevant unknown + non-referent. Our techniques highlight the importance of low-level computer vision features and demonstrate the power of certain semantic features extracted using deep learning. Note that F w is a sum of a finite number of strongly convex and smooth functions and Rw is a general convex function that is non-differentiable. In the digital age    , the value of images depends on how easily they can be located    , searched for relevance    , and retrieved. Because the communicative context appears to mitigate the occurance of bias especially in the case of LIB This indicates that IMRank is efficient at solving the influence maximization problem via finding a final self-consistent ranking. , the difference in means depends on aspects of the experimental design. Fusion of LIB & LIF
While LIB uses binary term occurrence to estimate least information a document carries in the term    , LIF measures the amount of least information based on term frequency. TOPIC RELATED OPINION RETRIEVAL
Blog post opinion retrieval aims at developing an effective retrieval function that ranks blog posts according to the likelihood that they are expressing an opinion about a particular topic. This approach leads to equations 
λ δ = argmax i P R|q δ     , λ i  λ γ = argmax i P R|q γ     , λ i  
that show how the probability of R is conditioned both by the model λ i and by the state sequence of the global or optimal paths. In this section    , we generalize the random effects model for multiple batches to include experimental comparisons     , and derive expressions for how the standard error of experimental comparisons i.e. As shown in 
New York Times Collection
 With the NY Times corpus    , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity    , rand index    , and precision Table 5. Discipline means 'a method of teaching'. In addition    , once elaborate and precise ontologies have been created they often lack users to maintain them over time. Our goal is to design a good indexing method for similarity search of large-scale datasets that can achieve high search quality with high time and space efficiency. Any distribution can be used to model p ˜ ∆ i |Θ; common examples used for response times include the exponential 
log p{∆ i }|{τ i }    , Θ = N i=1 log q∆ i |τ i     , Θ 3 
 Using the form of q∆ i |τ i     , Θ and the transformation using˜∆ing˜ ing˜∆ i defined by Equations 1 and 2 respectively    , the loglikelihood is equal to 
N i=1 log p ˜ ∆ i |Θ + N i=1 log aτ i + ∆ i  4 
 where the first term is the log-likelihood over effective response times { ˜ ∆ i }    , and the second term the sum of logactivity rates over the timestamps of all the ego's responses. In a benchmarking experiment    , we identify δ by specifying a schedule of delivery of requests to hosts    , along with hosts' assignments to conditions. The Map class supports dynamic programming in the Volcano-Mapper    , for instance  because goals are only solved once and the solution physical plan stored. We propose three aspects context coherence    , selection clarity and reference relevance for measuring context quality    , detecting noisy selections    , and computing the relevance of a reference concept    , respectively. LIF    , on the other hand    , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . 2 
Comparison between Our Method and the Traditional Materialized View Method
Our fast detection method for empty-result queries uses some data structure similar to materialized views − each atomic query part stored in the collection C aqp can be regarded as a " mini " materialized view. Hence we restrict our attention to perturbation vectors ∆ with δi ∈ {−1    , 0    , 1}. F itness2 = RI * 10 − W I * 2 
EXPERIMENTS
In this section    , we present the results of the experiments we have performed to evaluate our proposed GP-based approach to deduplication. Using the semantic relevance values    , pictograms can be ranked from very relevant value close to 1 to not so relevant value close to 0. These test collections are meant to be portable    , reusable    , statistically powerful    , and open to anyone that wishes to work on the problem of retrieval over sessions. That partial structure is added as the first entry to the queue of partial structures. Entity Mapping: 
The basic operation here is to retrieve the knowledge base entity matching the spotted query desire    , query input and their relation. She also chooses a city DuTH B vs A +24  ,58% +23  ,14% +41  ,19% and rates its consisting POIs using the same criteria. Image Tagging
 A large body of work on image tagging proceeds along two dimensions     , i.e. For the same number of iterations 1000    , such a model would take almost six years to train. For TREC-6    , the CLIR track topics were developed centrally at NIST 
 English: NIST    , Gaithersburg    , MD    , USA Ellen Voorhees  French: University of Zurich    , Switzerland Michael Hess  German: IZ Sozialwissenschaften    , Germany Jürgen Krause    , Michael Kluck  Italian: IEI-CNR    , Pisa    , Italy Carol Peters At each site    , an initial 10 topics were formulated. A guiding principle for us was that relevance of a topic should not be just based on individual terms or keywords    , such as genes or diseases    , but rather it should take into account the subject of the whole document. Sensitivity to Structural Variation: 
We performed evaluation of sensitivity to structural variation of NQS over the OWL-S TC query dataset three versions and the QALD-4 dataset three versions. However    , evidences show that even if there exists a strong correlation between the number of blog mentions of a new product and the sales rank of the product    , it could still be very difficult to make a successful prediction of sales ranks based on the number of blog mentions 
Blog mentions
Let us look at the following two movies    , The Da Vinci Code and Over the Hedge    , which are both released on 
Box office data and user rating
Besides the blogs    , we also collect for each movie one month's box office data daily gross revenue from the IMDB website 2 . The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized    , 2 categorized    , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared    , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest.   , precision and purity. We manually looked through a couple of hundreds of these examples and grouped the problems into several clusters 
RELATED WORK
One well known annual benchmark in knowledge base question answering is Question Answering over Linked Data QALD    , started in 2011 
CONCLUSIONS AND FUTURE WORK
Our work showed that unstructured text resources can be effectively utilized for knowledge base question answering to improve query understanding    , candidate answer generation and ranking. The encoder consists of convolutional layers to extract features from the characters and an LSTM layer to encode the sequence of features to a vector representation    , while the decoder consists of two LSTM layers which predict the character at each time step from the output of encoder. Decoder
The decoder operates on the encoded representation with two layers of LSTMs. , 71 does not depend on X. l 
When X entirely differentiates fault-prone software parts    , then the curve approximates a step function. For QALD-4 dataset    , it was observed that 21 out of 24 queries with their variations were correctly fitted in NQS. By learning the embedding E from the data    , we are uncovering K visual dimensions that are the most predictive of users' opinions. Most students have some experience in using the UML and object oriented programming through university courses and industrial internships. There is one Map instance for each ExprXlass in the logical search space. Introduction
Recent research on multi-language digital libraries has focused on cross-language information retrieval CLIR—retrieving documents written in one language through a query in a different language 
The Niupepa Digital Library Collection
The Niupepa DL www.nzdl.org/niupepa makes available a collection of historic Māori newspapers published between 1842 and 1933 
Data Collection and Definition
The default language is defined as the language that the interface to the Niupepa DL web site is displayed in when the home page www.nzdl.org/niupepa is requested. We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space    , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. The larger the LIB    , the more information the term contributes to the document and should be weighted more heavily in the document representation . A sensitivity question is whether this approach generates a larger candidate set than the other approaches or not. CLEF will provide the opportunity for monolingual system testing and tuning and build up test suites in other European languages beginning with French   , Accordingly    , objects {g    , h    , i    , j    , k    , l    , m} are grouped into the second cluster . Our model first determines the score of a candidate reply given the reformulated query    , based on the candidate reply and its associated posting Subsection 5.1.   , QDrop-Out = {q0    , q0 
DEEP LEARNING TO RESPOND
 In this section    , we describe the deep model for query-reply ranking and merging. Asian cultures emphasize the fundamental relatedness of individuals to each other    , with a focus on living harmoniously with others 
Cultural differences in online communities 
 As computing and communication technologies have spread around the world    , researchers have studied cultural differences in technology use. These parameters can be determined by maximizing the log-likelihood function i.e. Once the relevant pictograms are selected    , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. The first portion computes the new outcome that would have been the societal if user i's values had been ignored and then computes the social utility for such an outcome. The tax levied by user i is computed based on the Clarke Tax formulation as follows: 
πig *  = X j =i vj arg max g∈G X k =i v k g − X j =i vjg *  3 
 Note user i's tax πig *  for selecting outcome g * is composed of two portions    , that are computed over a group of users excluding user i. One is the time-dependent content similarity measure between queries using the cosine kernel function; another is the likelihood for two queries to be grouped in a same cluster from the click-through data given the timestamp. Finally    , we adopt the weighted combination of the m kernels: 
κ = m l=1 α l κ l for KLSH. We then feed this profile to our models and compare the suggestions to the actual ratings that the user provided using the Pearson productmoment correlation coefficient 
An Attempt to Evaluate via a User Study
Runs and Results
We submitted two runs to the TREC 2013 Contextual Suggestion Track. Recent w ork has also shown that the beneets of PLSA extend beyond document indexing and that a similar approach can be utilized    , e.g. In the following    , two approaches    , namely JAD and Agile modeling    , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. Programming on the way from the dilettantism of a home-made 'trickology' 4 to a scientific discipline: this has been the general theme of many of the lectures by Dijkstra    , Hoare    , Dahl    , Perlis    , Brinch Hansen    , Randell    , Wirth    , Ershov    , Griffiths    , Gries and others 2. Language 
CONCLUSIONS AND FUTURE WORK
In this paper    , we extended an MT-based context-sensitive CLIR approach 
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
 This research was supported in part by the BOLT program of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency    , Contract No. A total of 399 words returned the same results for all four approaches. The first independent model IND assumes that the relevance of a specific top-ranked passage si is independent of the relevance of any other passage in s. We use the logistic function to model the relevance of a passage. Pearson's correlation r ∈ 
Individualism vs. Collectivism 
In addition to pace of life    , also human relationships differ across cultures. Experimental Design
We evaluated the recommendations made by the CiteSight system by looking at how well it would have performed for existing papers where the set of citations is already known. , models are built and applied on the same project    , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier    , while only random forest ranks in the first tier. Pair programming transforms what has traditionally been a solitary activity into a cooperative effort. Intuitively    , ωt  ,j represents the average fraction of the sentiment " mass " that can be attributed to the hidden sentiment factor j. Many methods are available to optimize the objective function above. As in the Main Study    , participants n=57    , 19 participants in each condition were recruited via CrowdFlower. Also    , as discussed in 
Experimental method
There were two goals for the experiments. We generalize the random effects model in Eq. After obtaining these entropies for all users for these two activities    , we compute the Pearson product-moment correlation between the geometric average of the country-level entropy and its corresponding Pace of Life rank. Our results focus on measuring the performance of a single endpoint or service. Our initial examination revealed that the allocated users IDs are very evenly distributed across the ID space. For the time being    , we execute both user defined functions and normal DBMS code within the same address space. To effectively leverage supervised Web resource and reduce the domain gap between general Web images and personal photos    , we have proposed a transfer deep learning approach to discover the shared representations across the two domains. In our particular case this rating is represented by behavior of users on every page they both visit. Evaluation
Using the semantic relevance measure    , retrieval tasks were performed to evaluate the semantic relevance measure and the categorized and weighted pictogram retrieval approach. RELATED WORK
In this section    , we briefly review research related to our approach in two categories. Core concepts are the critical ideas necessary to support deep science learning and understanding. Our monolingual results for the four languages    , using the human-translated queries provided by NIST    , were significantly below those seen on the TREC-7 CLIR task: The reasons for this drop in performance are unclear. Although the methods resemble each other in many ways    , the differences are evident. One simple approach    , common in game-theory    , due to Nash 
Privacy as a Tax Problem
Our goal is to formulate a mechanism that " aggregates " all the individuals preferences into single representative group preference    , which builds upon how each user values the different data exposure preferences. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest. Displaying query term information in the hit list as well as highlighting best passages and query terms in documents    , assisted users in making relevance judgements for the simple topics but they were less helpful on their own for the more complex topics where searchers had to engage with the content. The AgileViews framework 
Tasks 
Different tasks require different kinds of search strategies    , systems    , and UIs 
METHOD 
 There are tradeoffs between pure experimental betweensubjects  and repeated measure within-subject user studies. The basic LSH indexing method works as follows 
By concatenating multiple LSH functions    , the collision probability of far away objects becomes very small p M 2     , but it also reduces the collision probability of nearby objects p M 1 . In this section we describe our tracking system and the experimental data set. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. Availability of both words and n-grams also helped us significantly in the cross-language task    , for which HAIRCUT was a first-time participant. Thus    , our solution successfully combines together two traditionally important aspects of IR: unsupervised learning of text representations word embeddings from neural language model and learning on weakly supervised data.   , models are built and applied on the same project    , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier    , while only random forest ranks in the first tier. We first vary K    , with fixed p and q values p = 7    , and q = 1. Experimental Conditions
 We refined our basic survey idea into a 2 x 4 betweensubjects design. Introduction 
The rise of social media has provided us a variety of means to offer cognitive surplus in the creation and sharing of knowledge that can benefit everyone 
Quality and Bias in Collaborative Biographies 
 It is not surprising that the quality of collaboratively produced biographies of famous people has been the focus of previous research. RQ3: Is there evidence of linguistic bias based on the race of the person described  ? Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method    , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. , projection    , duplicate elimination that have no influence on the emptiness of the query output. In general    , we propose to maximize the following normalized likelihood function with a relative weight c~    , 
 N~N6w K log k N~ 6' K  + N.zXlog 4     , e     , 4 
with respect to all parameters   ,I   ,    , ~    , r. The normalization ensures that each document gets the same weight irrespective of its length; 0 < c~ < 1 has to be specified a priori. All the classifiers are implemented with random forest classification model    , which was reported as the best classification model in CCR. At a topic selection meeting    , the seven topics from each site that were felt to be best suited for the multilingual retrieval setting were then selected. We use a between-groups design with participants randomly assigned to one of three experimental conditions:  Group Gexp high : this experimental group receives highquality query suggestions in the training phase which were predicted to be e↵ective in the user perceptions study Section 4.2. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
This work was supported by 863 Program 2014AA015104    , and National Natural Science Foundation of China 61273034    , and 61332016. Out of these posts    , 1.9M posts are tagged with an average of 1.75 tags per post. However    , even if two different users both install the same app    , their interests or preferences related to that app may still be at different levels. Reusing existing GROUP BY optimization logic can yield an efficient PIVOT implementation without significant changes to existing code. In light of TF*IDF    , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. LIB is similar in spirit to IDF and its value represents the discriminative power of the term when it appears in a document. Differences are related to the goals of the methods and the scope of using the methods in software development projects. Semantic Relevance Measure
 We identified ambiguities in pictogram interpretation and possible issues involved in the usage of such pictograms in communication. To this end    , we only return tags that have an aggregate score greater than the mean score for all the tag candidates. The community at large should come together and build systems that conform to standards which will support common data interchange formats    , dynamic    , programmatic access to local and remote data sources    , and common application programming interfaces. One possible solution is that in the presence of set intersection    , Transformation T 1 does not drop projection operators. The evaluation results are given in 
Result II.   , ridge regularization. dmax equals to the largest indegree among all nodes when l = 1. For some scenarios    , our strategies yield provably optimal plans; for others the strategies are heuristic ones. University of Maryland tried to circumvent the problem by using an unified index in some of their runs    , but the other groups working on the main task all had to rely on merging of some sort to combine their individual    , bilingual cross-language runs. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. For each combination of the parameters    , we run the inference for 100 iterations. Parameter q specifies the sentiment information from how many preceding days are considered    , and K indicates the number of hidden sentiment factors used by S-PLSA to represent the sentiment information. They did not diversify the ranking of blog posts. Finally     , if the effective number of particles �ωt� −2 2 falls below a threshold we stochastically replicate each particle based on its normalized weight. The changes in daily gross revenues are depicted in 
Discussion
It is interesting to observe from 
S-PLSA: A PROBABILISTIC APPROACH TO SENTIMENT MINING
In this section    , we propose a probabilistic approach to analyzing sentiments in the blogs    , which will serve as the basis for predicting sales performance. These training instances are represented in terms of their transformed feature vectors in the kernel space. RELATED WORK
 Identifying the search intent of a user query is a longstanding research goal in IR that is generally treated as a classification scheme. S final = 1 |Q S | + 1  Q i ∈Q S S Q i  + S  1 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Here we provide information about the datasets used in this study    , how to perform feature normalization    , and the evaluation technique. This includes issues of persistent storage    , efficient reasoning    , data mediation    , scalability    , distribution of data    , fault tolerance and security. Similar results hold when using the fraction of sentences with positive/negative sentiment    , thresholded versions of those features    , other sentiment models and lexicons LIWC as well as emoticon detectors. Sine~ each node consists of only 24 bytes and the top-down search is closer to a depth-first search than a breadth-first search    , the amount of space required by the hierarchy n·odes is not excessive. The entropy-based LSH method is likely to probe previously visited buckets    , whereas the multi-probe LSH method always visits new buckets. Further    , we limit ourselves to the " Central " evaluation setting that is    , only central documents are accepted as relevant and use F1 as our evaluation measure. Results: Numeric Data
We used the numeric data properties of the City class from DBpedia divided into 10 data sources to test our approach on numeric data. INTRODUCTION
Advances in information retrieval have long been driven by evaluation campaigns using standardized collections of data-sets    , query workloads    , and most importantly    , result relevance judgments. Pearson correlation coefficient says how similar two users are considering their ratings of items. Section 2 describes related work. Datasets: We focus on the Gov2 dataset that has 25 million documents and 150 queries 
x i −minx i  maxx i −minx i  
where minxi and maxxj are the minimum and maximum values respectively of xi for all documents in the same query. The assumption is reasonable given the patterns of acknowledgments described in the introduction. Single dimension with no hierarchies
 In this case the subcube C b consists of a onedimensional array of T real-values. It achieves the goal by iteratively adjusting current ranking as follows: 
 Compute the ranking-based marginal influence spread of all nodes Mr with respect to the current ranking r; 
 4.2 Calculate ranking-based marginal influence spread 
 The core step in IMRank is the calculation of rankingbased marginal influence spread. We then proposed different aspects for characterizing reference quality    , including context coherence    , selection clarity    , and reference relevance with respect to the selection and the context.   , for language modeling 44 and collaborative ltering 55. As of now we do not perform any person specific disambiguation however one could treat acknowledged persons as coauthors and use random forest based author disambiguation 
Searching and Ranking
AckSeer provides a search interface to access millions of acknowledged entities that were extracted from more than 500  ,000 papers and books.   , Quasi-Newton optimization method in this paper. The objectives of our experiments are to 1 evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed deep learning-to-respond schema    , and 2 evaluate contextual reformulation strategies and components of multidimension of ranking evidences for the conversational task. The first two are the Indri language model passage and document retrieval systems Indri-psg    , Indri-doc. In addition    , the factor representation obtained by PLSA allows to deal with polysemous words and to explicitly distinguish between diierent meanings and diierent t ypes of word usage. To retrieve better intention-conveying pictograms using a word query    , we proposed a semantic relevance measure which utilizes interpretation words and frequencies collected from a web survey. The default language of the interface was alternated between Māori and English in 2005. We generated four query sets    , although space aliens in black helicopters managed to prevent two of them from appearing in the official query track collection. Model Formulation
 Based on the assumptions defined above    , in this section we propose a Two-Dimensional Click Model TDCM to explain the observed clicks. TREC Text REtrieval Conference 
EVALUATING OBJECT RETRIEVAL
 The broad class of search technologies that exploit semantic data encodings are often called semantic search systems 
Ad-Hoc Object Retrieval
Arriving at a common evaluation methodology requires the definition of a shared task that is accepted by the community as the one that is most relevant to potential applications of the field. We observe that even when there is no change in the entropy    , there is still an amount of information responsible for any variance in the probability distribution. However    , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic    , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory    , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. , a 50:50 random split that has been previously applied in the defect prediction literature 
0.0 0.1 0.2 0.3 0.4 0.5 0.6 
¨ © 
In a within-project setting    , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier with only random forest ranking in the first tier. A supervised classifier based on random forest over variable length texts    , using word-clusters for input text representation. Additional experiments have to point out which reason or reasons actually explain the experimental results the best. They include the number of hidden sentiment factors in S-PLSA    , K    , and the orders of the ARSA model    , p and q. Finally    , to predict ratings for a test user    , the computed weights are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as described in Section 3. A recent study of Twitter as a whole    , gathered by breadth-first search    , collected 1.47 billion edges in total 
Impact of the Suggested Users List
Given that the overall celebrity follow rate halved when Twitter switched to the categorical suggested users list    , it is clear that being on the suggested users list increases the acquisition of new followers substantially. The existing thread has the additional topic node 413 which is about compression of inverted index for fast information retrieval. The shakwat group University of Paris 8 experimented with a random-walk approach using a space built using semantic indexing    , and containing the blog posts    , as well as the headlines    , in a window around the date of the topic. To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. To discover a topic evolution graph from a seed topic    , we apply a breadth-first search starting from the seed node but only following the edges that lead to topic nodes earlier in time. Which resource for training the semantic space  ? As a result    , the precision/recall values are much lower than the results of human evaluation. This    , in turn    , corresponds to computing the negative logprobability of the true class. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 
We find that domain experts can agree on concept coreness ratings    , and that intermediate-level annotated features can be used to computationally predict these coreness ratings. We found that we are able to predict correctly implicit state information based on geospatial named entities using a Random Forest RF classifier with precision of 0.989    , recall 0.798    , and F1 of 0.883    , for Pennsylvania. Here we skip the detailed formulations due to the space limitation. Here    , we propose a semantic relevance measure which outputs relevancy values of each pictogram when a pictogram interpretation is given. The assumption 2 VERTICAL POSITION BIAS ASSUMPTION is modeled by 4 and 6. The dataset sizes are chosen such that the index data structure of the basic LSH method can entirely fit into the main memory. However    , we recognize the limitations of the trade-offs we made in our study design     , including the small sample size and lack of experimental control. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces    , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. From a correlation perspective    , the similarity wij is basically the unnormalized Pearson correlation coefficient 
 1 Computing the Laplacian matrix from the weighted adjacency matrix    , where the Laplacian matrix is a widely used matrix representation of a graph in graph theory; 
 2 Performing an eigendecomposition on the Laplacian ma- trix; 
3 Selecting a threshold on the second smallest eigenvector to obtain the bipartitions of the graph. The task is to estimate the relevance of the image and the query for each test query-image pair    , and then for each query    , we order the images based on the prediction scores returned by our trained ranking model. -.064
DISCUSSION & CONCLUSION
Our experiment aimed primarily to devise a multidimensional definition of 'alignment.' Multi-Probe vs. Entropy-Based Methods
Although both multi-probe and entropy-based methods visit multiple buckets for each hash table    , they are very different in terms of how they probe multiple buckets. Finally    , to predict the ratings for the test user    , we will simply add the weights to the standard memory-based approach. Variable importance is a measurement of how much influence an attribute has on the prediction accuracy. If the same types of dependencies were capture by both syntactic and semantic dependencies    , LCE would be expected to perform about equally as well as relevance models. Our approach requires each owner i to associate a value vig to preference g proportional to how important this preference is for him. We design an efficient last-to-first allocating strategy to approximately estimate the ranking-based marginal influence spread of nodes for a given ranking    , further improving the efficiency of IMRank. The support vector machine then learns the hyperplane that separates the positive and negative training instances with the highest margin. Section 2 analyzes and summarizes the limitations of the LUBM and presents the UOBM    , including ontology design    , instance generation    , query and answer construction. yt = p i=1 φiyt−i + q i=1 K j=1 ρi  ,jωt−i  ,j + t    , 
2 
where p    , q    , and K are user-chosen parameters    , while φi and ρi  ,j are parameters whose values are to be estimated using the training data. Then    , two paralleled embedding layers are set up in the same embedding space    , one for the affirmative context and the other for the negated context    , followed by their loss functions. Our second model RBM takes a step further and exploit the correlations among individual passages in a Restricted Boltzmann Machine framework. Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method    , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. Note that    , conditioned on the activity function at    , the second term is constant. Our experiments after the evaluation show there is a value using semantic information in detecting similarity and dissimilarity. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. Thus we argue that the DICT model gives a reasonable baseline. We are interested in answering the question about the space requirements    , search time and search quality trade-offs for different LSH methods. Our hope is that this paper provides a simple and actionable understanding of the procedures involved in benchmarking for performance changes in other contexts as well. Length Longer requests are significantly correlated with success. The experimental results on three real-world datasets show our proposed method performs a better top-K recommendation than baseline methods. In some conditions    , subjects were shown a set of suggested tags for each movie the common practice in online tagging communities    , while in a control condition    , no suggested tags were presented. This last point may be illustrated by considering the results of term weighting experiments carried out recently by Christopher Buckley at Cornell 
Univ~rsity. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects    , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. It is the same engine that was used for previous TREC participations e.g. Although the experiment included only six topics    , which made it feasible to increase the number of test subjects    , fruitful data was collected on the characteristics of topics. , model-based and model-free approaches 
Transfer Deep Learning
Deep learning began emerging as a new area of machine learning research in 2006 
ONTOLOGY FOR PERSONAL PHOTOS
We propose to design an ontology for personal photos    , since the vocabulary of general Web images is often too large and not specific to personal photos. A well equipped and powerful system should be able to compare the content of the abstracts regarding their semantics    , i.e. 2. We prove that IMRank    , starting from any initial ranking     , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. We maintained a vocabulary of 177  ,044 phrases by choosing those with more than 2 occurrences. Their power of reasoning depends on the expressivity of such representation: an ontology provided with complex TBox axioms can act as a valuable support for the representation and the evaluation of a deep knowledge about the domain it represents. LSH INDEXING
The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability.   , learning to rank for Microblog retrieval and answer reranking for Question Answering. Each metric captures a unique aspect of the classifier's performance. In early years    , researchers have investigated into task-oriented conversation systems 
RELATED WORK
Conversation Systems
Early work on conversation systems is generally based on rules or templates and is designed for specific domains 
 Unlike previous work    , we conduct a novel study of retrievalbased automatic conversation systems with a deep learning-torespond schema via deep learning paradigm. Image tagging aims to automatically assign concepts to images and has been studied intensively in the past decade    , while transfer deep learning has drawn a great deal of attention recently with the success of deep learning techniques. The correlation between Qrels-based measures and Trelsbased measures is extremely high. Research Framework
To organize our research    , we modified the model of 
Tag Suggestions 
 Prior work showed users create tags similar to those they have viewed 
Experimental design
To study our research questions    , we designed a survey in which subjects were shown a sequence of movies and asked to apply tags to each of the movies. For German    , texts from the Swiss newspaper "Neue Zürcher Zeitung" NZZ for 1994 were also added. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method    , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. Overall    , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. Multimodality is the capability of fusing and presenting heterogeneous data    , such as audio    , video and text    , from multiple information sources    , such as the Internet and TV. Abstract 
Current query languages for relational databases usually are fixed    , i.e.   , cosine similarity and Pearson correlation. Hence a mechanism should be provided to make the DBMS itself extensible by user defined functions such that they become part of the DBMS's query language. EMPIRICAL EVALUATION
In this section we conduct a set of empirical studies to extensively evaluate the performance of our time-dependent query semantic similarity model. Our experimental results in both scenarios on four datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approaches. As we are interested in analyzing very large corpora and the behavior of the various similarity measures in the limit as the collections being searched grow infinitely large    , we consider the situation in which so many relevant documents are available to a search engine for any given query q that the set of n top-ranked documents Rq are all -indistinguishable. We focused on the problem of opinion topic relatedness and we showed that using proximity information of opinionated terms to query terms is a good indicator of opinion and query-relatedness. For the teams applying RaPiD7 systematically the reward is    , however    , significant. Modeling Visual Evolution
 The above model is good at capturing/uncovering visual dimensions as well as the extent to which users are attracted to each of them. Using MCMC    , we queried for the probability of an individual being a ProblemLoan. For example    , the independent assumption between different columns can be relaxed to capture multi-column interdependency. As we can see in 
Query-Directed vs. Step-Wise Probing
This subsection presents the experimental results of the differences between the query-directed and step-wise probing sequences for the multi-probe LSH indexing method. The hierarchy nodes may be accessed more than once    , so they must be stored in separate locations. Evaluation Datasets
We have used two datasets in our evaluation. Extensive experiments on our datasets demonstrated that our TDCM model can accurately explain the user behavior in QAC. Specifically    , we use Clickture as " labeled " data for semantic queries and train the ranking model. Prec@ 
CONCLUSION
In the study    , we examine the CLIR approach that learns a statistical translation model from an automatically generated parallel corpus by an online translation system.   , the numberof times w occurred in d. I t i s w orth noticing that an equivalent symmetric version of the model can be obtained by i n verting the conditional probability P zjd with the help of Alternating 5 with 68 deenes a convergent procedure that approaches a local maximum of the logglikelihood in 3. Acknowledgements
Hundreds of people have been involved in making RaPiD7 as a working practice in Nokia. CONCLUSIONS
 This paper investigated a framework of Multi-Kernel Locality- Sensitive Hashing by exploring multiple kernels for efficient and scalable content-based image retrieval. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. 7 we evaluate our initial implementation on the QALD-4 benchmark and conclude in Sect. We are also exploring novel way of presenting the suggestion list    , besides using plain text. Nonetheless    , our findings present a compelling case for recognizing the deeply social nature of learning and the importance of social media for inspiring learning around new topics through social connections. System R also uses a bottomup enumerator and interleaves costing    , but does not prune the logical space as aggressively as greedy search techniques    , and augments the search with dynamic programming. Another possible direction for future work is to use S-PLSA as a tool to help track and monitor the changes and trends in sentiments expressed online. , 
Four Subject Systems
 We synthesized design spaces and compared static predictions with dynamic results for four subject systems. Participants were recruited through advertisements in the staff and student mailing lists of Alfred Hospital    , and Melbourne University. Our results show that the query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the simple    , step-wise sequence. , w k p  is given by w k = K −1/2 e k S . As a result    , the 2014 data includes far more sessions than previous years—1  ,257 unique sessions as compared to around 100 for each of the previous three years. In the future    , we plan to extend our work to the more open setup    , similar to the QALD hybrid task    , where questions no longer have to be answered exclusively from the KB. Section 3 provides details on our interface design and experimental setup. The first is the object model of an E-commerce system adopted from Lau and Czarnecki 
Planning and Execution
Our experimental procedure involved the synthesis of both design spaces of database alternatives and several abstract loads in a variety of sizes for each subject system. Where applicable    , both F-Measures pessimistic and re-weighted are reported. Additionally    , there is the WebSeer retrieval system by 
Experimental design 
In order to evaluate the effectiveness of an IR system based on tbe Dunlop model    , a test collection was created. Evaluation
To evaluate TagAssist    , we used data provided to use by Technorati    , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. SIGIR 
CNN-LSTM ENCODER-DECODER
In this section    , we describe the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model that operates at the character level and generates vector representation of tweets. We then refine this and predict which pinboard is used    , if the category chosen by the user is known. We also found that adding implicit state information that is predicted by our classifier increases the possibility to find state-level geolocation unambiguously by up to 80%. To avoid underflow and multiplication by zero    , we employ log-likelihood instead of likelihood: 
LogLikelihoodeScw|D f w  = w∈Scw ln P w|D f w  
 To reward similar words in at least one model of sentence likelihood as before    , we use a second    , more relaxed model of the loglikelihood of D generating S as a high-coreness sentence as follows: 
LogLikelihoodrScw|D f w  = w 1 ∈Scw ln max w 2 ∈D f w relw1    , w2 · P w2|D f w  
This second model introduces the lexical relw1    , w2 function into the formula in order to value words that are not present in the domain standards but are similar or related to words that are present. Pairs chosen should have the following properties:  Spread of sites: If a certain population of sites are of interest    , a representative spread of sites should be included in the evaluation. , b} 
Unlike the regular KLSH that adopts a single kernel    , BMKLSH employs a set of m kernels for the hashing scheme. The probabilistic retrieval model is attractive because it provides a theoretical foundation for the retrieval operation which takes into account the notion of document relevance. EXPERIMENTS
We evaluated our model using two classification tasks: Tweet semantic relatedness and Tweet sentiment classifica- tion. The last LSTM decoder generates each character    , C    , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128    , ht−1    , for the next time-step prediction. EXPERIMENTAL SETUP 2.1 Interface
These experiments were conducted as part of our participation in the TREC 2007 ciQA task. The default probing method for multi-probe LSH is querydirected probing. However the Q matrix is reduced by one row and one column in every iteration     , otherwise is unchanged. Static Metrics Suite
The choice of mapping strategy impacts key non-functional system properties. Specifically    , we consider three classes of signals: 
 User Because of user specialisation    , we expect that most of the repin activities of the user is restricted to only a few categories    , and furthermore    , even amongst these categories    , there may be a skewed interest favouring certain categories over others . Since SGML provides a document exchange model rather than a general purpose data model 
Basic SGML Constructs
 Standard Generalized Mark-up Language SGML is an international stan- dard 
line 15 indicates that the corresponding elements actor line 7 and place line 14 have no content    , when these attributes have values. In order to ensure that some of the candidates are better than the production ranker    , the relevant documents have a higher chance to be promoted to top than the irrelevant ones. The subjective effort results also indicate that visual topics require less effort to judge in terms of subjective effort    , for example it was found that participants believed they had better performance for visual topics    , while for semantic topics    , the perceived mental workload and effort was greater. 1 It is interesting to note that by ignoring the actual document content    , i.e. Since all the successful patches pass the provided test cases    , it is challenging to select more or less acceptable patches systematically. The particulars of how this assignment procedure works is the experimental design    , and it can substantially affect the precision with which we can estimate δ. , cosine similarity and Pearson correlation. Using S-PLSA as a means of " summarizing " sentiment information from blogs    , we develop ARSA    , a model for predicting sales performance based on the sentiment information and the product's past sales performance. The results are listed in 
To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method    , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. Our approach called SemanticTyper is significantly different from approaches in past work in that we attempt to capture the distribution and hence characteristic properties of the data corresponding to a semantic label as a whole rather than extracting features from individual data values. There are 3 major contributions in this work: 1 we propose a contextual query reformulation framework with ranking fusions for the conversation task; 2 we integrate multi-dimension of ranking evidences     , i.e. Here our new least information model departs from the classic measure of information as reduction of uncertainty entropy. Factor Representation: An Example
In order to visualize the factor solution found by PLSA we present an elucidating example. EVALUATION
We trained a support vector machine classifier with an RBF kernel implemented in the WEKA machine learning workbench 
Metrics
We used four standard classification metrics to evaluate system performance. Next    , we calculate the probability of being positive or negative regarding each topic    , P pos|z and P neg|z using pseudo-training images    , assuming that all other candidates images than pseudo positive images are negative samples. For tagging with batch-mode    , it took three seconds for a photo collection of 200 photos 800*600 pixels . The interaction design included 30 complex questions; for each    , participants could submit a URL to an interactive system. In our study    , we choose cosine similarity due to its simplicity. Automatic evaluation of tag suggestion engines is also critical to building effective systems. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. Language modeling with relevance model RM2 
dbpWISTUD 
 This run integrated background knowledge from DBpedia and applied the semantic enrichment strategies described in Section 2.2.   , " oooooooooh " or " aaaaaaah " . The experiments show that with our estimate of the relevance model    , classical probabilistic models of retrieval outperform state-of-the-art heuristic and language modeling approaches. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. Our future work will study emotion-specific word embeddings for lexicon construction using deep learning. The MG system only recognizes place names if the probability given by the Random Forest classifier for the class " match " is higher than a minimum threshold the minimum confidence level. KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels    , evaluate their mAP values on the training set    , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value. Specifically    , participants described the increasing need for knowledge about experimental design    , statistical reasoning    , and data collection. , precision and purity. gjeu denotes the jth feature for the uth entity and ruv denotes the relevance judgment for the pair eu    , dv. When a new note is saved    , it is displayed in the notebook lower right in 
THE STUDY DESIGN
To assess the value of TaskSieve's task modeling features    , an experimental study was performed using a full-fledged version of TaskSieve i.e. We then present four simple experimental designs that cover a range of benchmarking setups    , including " live " benchmarks and carefully controlled experiments    , and derive their standard errors. In order to follow the edges in one direction in time    , we treat the edges between topic nodes as directed edges. We wanted to see if a the fourth approach    , the categorized and weighted approach    , performed better than the rest; b the semantic relevance approach in general was better than the simple query match approach; c the categorized approach in general was better than the not-categorized approach. As shown in 
SIGIR 2007 Proceedings Session 25: Combination and Fusion 
Comparison with alternative methods
To verify that the sentiment information captured by the S-PLSA model plays an important role in box office revenue prediction    , we compare ARSA with two alternative methods which do not take sentiment information into consideration.   , museums    , landmarks    , and galleries. Overall Approach
We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. To obtain the ontology    , we explored the semantic distributions in the domain of personal photos by mining frequent tags from active users in Flickr. To this end    , a qualitative and two preliminary quantitate evaluations have been carried out. The high efficiency ensures an immediate response    , and thus the transfer deep learning approach with two modes can be adopted as a prototype model for real-time mobile applications    , such as photo tagging and event summarization on mobile devices. The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α. 
Dα = {γ1    , γ2} = {π1    , π2    , π3    , π4    , π5    , π6}    , 
with α > 0.2. Topics sustainable tourism and interpolation 1411 and 4882 do not benefit from semantic matching due to a semantic gap: interpolation is associated with the polynomial kind while the relevance assessments focus on stochastic methods. The general scheme for this transformation for procedures without parameters and results ig see DIJKSTRA 
$ 
The iterative normal form thus consists of three parts: initialization    , repetition    , result indication. Therefore    , we extracted entities from the topic description and the top related tweets by means of different NER services DBpedia Spotlight    , Alchemy API    , and Zemanta. However    , this step of going the last mile is often difficult for Modeling Specialists    , such as Participants P7 and P12. Because the communicative context appears to mitigate the occurance of bias especially in the case of LIB   , Wikipedia vs. IMDb. In future the mediator should also use a OWL-DL reasoner to infer additional types for subject nodes specified in the query pattern. In the initial time-step    , the end-to-end output from the encoding procedure is used as the original input into first LSTM layer. Overview of CLIR
There are three main ways in which cross-language information retrieval approaches attempt to "cross the language barrier" – through query translation    , or document translation    , or both. A final study investigated to what extent the number of training topics hypothesis H3 influences a user's ability to formulate good queries. KLSH-Weight: We evaluate the mAP performance of all kernels on the training set    , calculate the weight of each kernel w.r.t. Since log L is a strictly increasing function    , the parameters of Θ which maximize log-likelihood of log L also maximize the likelihood L 
1–3
. When WVF = 0    , after the initial placement is found no placement changes are ever needed. To identify friends with similar tastes    , a context-aware version of Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. System design
 Our Interactive Tracking system uses the vector-space approach where each document is represented by a vector of term weights V . These include a Venn diagram tool for formulating Boolean queries graphically    , and a bibliographic visualization tool that plots matching citations on an x-y grid based on publication year and ranked relevance score to the query terms 
Requirements
From these and other considerations arose the following requirements for an improved design. Automatic learning of expressive TBox axioms is a complex task. IMRank achieves both remarkable efficiency and high accuracy by exploiting the interplay between the calculation of ranking-based marginal influence spread and the ranking of nodes. The log-likelihood contains a log function over summations of terms with λt defined by Equation 5    , which can make parameter inference intractable. Gini importance is calculated based on Gini Index or Gini Impurity    , which is the measure of class distribution within a node. The instance gets projected as a point in this multi-dimensional space. Data Preparation
We prepare two datasets for experiments. Furthermore    , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. Auto-regressive modeling
Auto-regressive models are the most widely known and used. Our method presupposes a set of pictograms having a list of interpretation words and ratios for each pictogram. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features    , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. The new successive higher-order window representations then are fed into LSTM Section 2.2. Given the limitation of automatic translation systems    , our plan is to include bilingual dictionaries to improve the quality of the automatically generated parallel corpus. The relevance judgments are supplied in a format amenable to TREC evaluation . The coefficients co and cl are estimated through the maximization of a likelihood function L    , built in the usual fashion     , i.e. Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels    , product classes    , properties    , value instances    , and top-level classes for each product ontology. Module 3 Rule execution receives detected events from module 2 and executes the concerned rules taking into account the coupling modes    , cascading in the sense of execution cycles    , priorities between rules    , and the calculation of net effect. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. Computational Complexity
All the presented approaches allow the computation of the probabilities using a dynamic programming approach. Moreover in 28% of searches documents were saved only from the top 25. The random forest classifier appears in the first rank. There are many different ways in which the data could be partitioned     , but an individual document must be present in only one media. Section 3 reports the experimental results of several well-known ontology systems on the UOBM and provides detailed discussions. LIB+LIF: To weight a term    , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. First    , we apply the PLSA method to the candidate images with the given number of topics    , and get the probability of each topic over each image    , P z|I. This section describes how this has been achieved in the Advanced Information Management Prototype For the user    , the most obvious solution to the query: Find all properties such that the length of the boundary is larger than a certain value    , would be to define a function 'get-length' which computes the length of a boundary and then use this function in the following  These types need some explanations: Since PAS- CAL like many other programming languages does not support dynamic arrays    , " special solutions " have to be used to overcome the problems of representing variable long lists or sets. We used Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 
Impact of the Number of the Clients on the Behavioral Cache. It is evident from experimental results that our approach has much higher label prediction accuracy and is much more scalable in terms of training time than existing systems. An arbitrary cutoff point of 20 was chosen for the collection rBllking for each query    , which gave 3 categories of documents for each query. Two documents are -indistinguishable to a search engine S with respect to a query q if the search engine finds both documents to be equally relevant to the query within the tolerance of its ranking function. NQS was able to correctly fit 919 out of the 1083 OWLS-TC queries along with all their syntactic variation    , giving high VP of 96.43 %. Identification of Core Concepts
Studies on the identification of core concepts in digital resources have been carried out in different experimental setups    , involving varying degrees of human intervention. As the first click model for QAC    , our TDCM model could be extended in several ways in the future. Central to this strategy was the development of a superior professional workstation    , subsequently named Star    , that was to provide a major step forward in several different domains of office automation. Related Models
The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. To compare data    , using the concept of provenance from 
We are currently working on annotating the experimental data using concepts from ProPreO and GlycO 
RELATED WORK
There has been increased activity in development and integration of ontologies. INTRODUCTION AND DATASET
 Ranking is a major concern to information retrieval applications such as document ranking on search engines. The workshops are well prepared    , and innovative brainstorming and problem solving methods are used. In all experiments on the four benchmark collections    , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. INTRODUCTION
Despite the prevalence of context-independent word-based approaches for cross-language information retrieval CLIR derived from the IBM translation models 
BACKGROUND AND RELATED WORK
Although word-by-word translation provides the starting point for query translation approaches to CLIR    , there has been much work on using term co-occurrence statistics to select the most appropriate translations 
Context-Independent Baseline
As a baseline    , we consider the technique presented by Darwish and Oard 
Scored|s = j Weighttfsj     , d    , dfsj 1 tfsj    , d = t i tfti    , dP r token ti|sj  2  dfsj = t i dftiP r token ti|sj  3  
 In order to reduce noise from incorrect alignments    , we impose a lower bound on the token translation probability    , and also a cumulative probability threshold    , so that translation alternatives of sj are added in decreasing order of probability  until the cumulative probability has reached the threshold . Hence    , in certain cases    , the coverage detection capability of our method is more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method. eXtreme Programming XP's planning game. Therefore     , much prior work has focused on constructing models that emphasize such domain-specific keywords for the vertical selection task 
3.   , QDrop-Out = {q0    , q0 
DEEP LEARNING TO RESPOND
 In this section    , we describe the deep model for query-reply ranking and merging. This can be perceived from results already. The initial research efforts on WSD for information retrieval were performed using manual sense annotation 
Cross-Lingual Retrieval
Cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR addresses the problem of retrieving documents written in a language different from the query language 
AN ILLUSTRATING EXAMPLE
To illustrate why translation is helpful in handling the word ambiguity and vocabulary mismatch problems    , consider the following TREC query Q335 " Adoptive Biological Parents "     , and focus on the ambiguous word " biological " . Our hypothesis was that a cluster of documents that shared a tag should be more similar than a randomly selected set of documents. While many other biomedical disease domains may be able to " borrow " essential elements and design principles from these standards    , each disease research initiative will ultimately have to develop such controlled vocabularies and data elements in order to facilitate data integration and reliable representation. Creation of Relevant Pictogram 
Set. The correlation between the two measures was evaluated using the Pearson correlation coefficient and Kendall's−τ 4 . By emphasizing the discriminative power specificity of a term    , LIB reduces weights of terms commonly shared by unrelated documents    , leading to fewer of these documents being grouped together smaller false positive and higher precision. Task Description
There are multiple subtasks in SemEval 2013 and 2014. Introduction
Images are semantic instruments for capturing aspects of the real world    , and form a vital part of the scientific record for which words are no substitute. In this way    , one could estimate a general user vocabulary model    , that describes the searcher's active and passive language use in more than just term frequencies. Such an approach might not fully explore the power of multiple kernels. That is: 
LIBti    , d =    1 − n i N 1 − ln n i N ti ∈ d − n i N 1 − ln n i N ti ∈ d 14 
where ni is the document frequency of term ti and N is the total number of documents. Tweet Representation
In order to obtain tweet representation    , we adopt the min    , max    , and average convolutional layers for compositionality learning in vector-based semantics    , similar to the work proposed by 
EXPERIMENTAL SETUP
 In order to evaluate our proposed approach    , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. The latter problem is trivial    , as users tend to have very few pinboards per category 
Category prediction
We design a multi-class Random Forest classifier 7 to learn which category a user will repin a given image into. One key question is how to determine the weights for kernel combination. REFERENCES Among them    , some of the studies attempt to learn a positive/negative classifier at the document level. All 24 out of 24 QALD-4 queries    , with all there syntactic variations    , were correctly fitted in NQS    , giving a high sensitivity to structural variation. Assuming an industrial setting    , long-term attention models that include the searcher's general interest in addition to the current session context can be expected to become powerful tools for a wide number of inference tasks. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski    , Oula Heikkinen    , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. For doing that    , the downhill Simplex method takes a set of steps. Given a human-issued message as the query    , our proposed system will return the corresponding responses based on a deep learning-to-respond schema. For low similarity thresholds or very skewed distributions of document lengths    , however    , LSH remains the method-of-choice as it provides the most versatile and tunable toolkit for high-dimensional similarity search. As discussed    , the LIB quantity is similar in spirit to IDF inverse document frequency whereas LIF can be seen as a means to normalize TF term frequency. The Qrels-based measures MAP and P@10 for a specific system were evaluated using the official TREC Qrels and the trec eval program    , while the Trels-based measures tScore    , tScore@k were evaluated using a set of Trels    , manually created by us    , for the same TREC topics for which Qrels exist. Initialization. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . We achieved convergence around 300 trees    , We also optimized the percentage of features to be considered as candidates during node splitting    , as well as the maximum allowed number of leaf nodes. 9 
 By selecting the mean squared error MSE as loss    , the loss function can be expressed as: 
min B  ,Θ ||B fWX − Y|| 2 + λ1 2 K k=1 ||β k − θ parentk || 2 + λ2 2 ||Θ|| 2 . We assume independence between lemmas . But combining these sources would presumably improve effectiveness of CTIR    , much as evidence combination has aided CLIR 
Naive Combination
It is tempting simply to assume that strong evidence on both dimensions – dictionary and spelling – should increase our confidence in a translation. Different LSH families can be used for different distance functions D. Families for Jaccard measure    , Hamming distance     , 1 and 2 are known 
h a  ,b v = j a · v + b W k 
 where a is a d-dimensional random vector with entries chosen independently from a p-stable distribution and b is a real number chosen uniformly from the range 
Basic LSH Indexing
 Using a family of LSH functions H    , we can construct indexing data structures for similarity search. For the entropybased LSH method    , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset. , πn is the value of the g minus the tax numeraire    , given by: uic = vig − πi. Language modeling with relevance model RM2 
dbpWISTUD 
 This run integrated background knowledge from DBpedia and applied the semantic enrichment strategies described in Section 2.2. Volcano uses a non-interleaved strategy with a transformation-based enumerator. Moreover    , our created lexicon outperforms the competitive counterpart on emotion classification task. We note that during our research we also trained our random forest using the query words directly    , instead of their mapped clusters. For the multi-probe LSH method    , we have implemented both step-wise probing and query-directed probing. Even though NLP components are still being improved by emerging techniques like deep learning    , the quality of existing components is sufficient to work on the semantic level – one level of abstraction up from surface text. With the acquired translation pairs    , we can now learn translation probabilities between Chinese words and English words. CONCLUSION AND FUTURE WORK
In this paper    , we proposed a novel probabilistic model for blog opinion retrieval. On the face of it    , one might not expect much of a difference; after all    , why would teachers use different criteria or weigh identical criteria differently depending on whether they are evaluating curricula they are searching for themselves or evaluating curricula recommended by others. Future work will look at incorporating document-side dependencies    , as well. Experimental Design and Results
We want to address the following questions: 1. Based on this idea    , an optimization approach is developed to efficiently search for a weighting scheme. A typical HIT might involve translating a paragraph of text    , labeling an image    , or completing a survey. More research however is required not only in identifying different types of search topics    , but also in defining more close what constitutes a simple and more complex topic and determining how the different elements should be taken into account in the experimental design. Therefore    , by modeling both types of dependencies we see an additive effect    , rather than an absorbing effect. Similarly    , for each observed rating rij     , we have the following stochastic gradient descent updating rules to learn the latent parameters: 
ui ← ui + γ1 ∆ijvj − α f ∈F + i s if ui − u f  −α g∈F − i sigui − ug − λ1ui     , vj ← vj + γ2∆ijui − λ2vj    , 
4 where ∆ij = rij − u T i vj     , 
5 
and F − i represents user i's inlink friends. The method is based on: i a semantic relevance function acting as a kernel to discover the semantic affinities of heterogeneous information items    , and ii an asymmetric vector projection model on which semantic dependency graphs among information items are built and representative elements of these graphs can be selected. Participants were free to experiment with different topic fields using either the title    , description or narrative – or all three    , and with both automatic and manual runs    , similar to the definitions of the TREC adhoc task. Specifically    , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. 10 
Optimization for Top-Down Transfer
 To efficiently solve the above loss function    , we propose to transform the Θ ∈ R M ×D matrix into the same dimension as B. Our first naive approach was to use WordNet 
Experimental design
Our fundamental approach was to group documents that share tags into clusters and then compare the similarity of all documents within a cluster. We bring query-likelihood LM approaches and relevance models to a common ground    , and show that both lead to the same scoring function    , although the theoretical motivation behind them is different. On each axis    , the likelihood probability gets projected as a continuous numeric function with maximum possible score of 1.0 for a value that is always preferred    , and a score of 0.0 for a value that is absent from the table. On the news recommendation front    , we report the results of a study involving 176 users; our tree-based classifier required few training examples and significantly outperformed a state-of-the-art classifier the support vector machine in terms of both speed and accuracy applied to either traditional or tree-structured features. Its design has been influenced by our earlier work on the XXL language for XML IR 
The SphereSearch Engine is fully implemented in Java using Oracle10g as an underlying data manager . Experiments showed that methods with the LIB quantity were more effective in terms of within-cluster accuracy e.g. As rather conventional data structures are provided to program these functions no " trick programming " is required and as dynamic storage allocation and de-allocation is done via dedicated allocation routines /KKLW87/    , this risk seems to be tolerable. This implies in particular that standard techniques from statistics can be applied for questions like model tting    , model combination    , and complexity control. Such representations can guide knowledge transfer from the source to the target domain. First    , with similar query times    , the query-directed probing sequence requires significantly fewer hash tables than the step-wise probing sequence. For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers    , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. Leading into TREC 2007 it was empirically determined that the models based on grouping questions by answer types was most effective     , and so was the configuration used for the TREC 2007 test set. Thus to study the issue of user personalization we make use of our rating and review data see 
Features
Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 
TRAINING
Since we have defined a probability associated with the presence or absence of each relationship    , we can proceed by maximizing the likelihood of an observed relationship set R. In order to do so we randomly select a negative set Q = {rij|rij / ∈ R} such that |Q| = |R| and optimize the log likelihood lY  ,c|R    , Q = Learning then proceeds by optimizing lY  ,c|R    , Q over both Y and c which we achieve by gradient ascent. She loads the OWL file in OntoPartS    , and proceeds to select two entities to be related    , as shown in 
Preliminary Experimental Assessment of OntoPartS
The main objectives of the experiments are to assess usability of the tool and to validate the hypothesis that the use of automated guidelines assists with representation of part-whole relations between classes during the ontology design phase such that it can be done more efficiently and with less errors. This reconfirms previous observations that modeling dependencies via the use of proximity features within the MRF has more of an impact on larger    , noisier collections than smaller    , well-behaved ones. As a result    , 
shows the result of the experiment after the second step of the breadth-first search. Related Work
There is a growing interest in the development of text applications using DBMS technology. Yet another complicating dimension    , which is nevertheless critical to scale large testing systems    , is distributed benchmarking across multiple hosts. Besides its advantages in learning efficiency and accuracy    , our approach has one other important benefit specific to the Web. 6 
The TDCM assumption 1 SKIPPING BIAS ASSUMPTION is modeled by 3 and 6. The two functions will be used to evaluate both our GPbased approach and the baseline method in our experiments. RELATED WORK
The results of Gray et al. The major issue in the integration of biomedical data is the large number of distributed    , semantically disparate data sources that need to be combined into a useful and usable system for biologists. This is done using stochastic gradient descent. In the case of Persons 2 and Restaurants    , both methods performed equally well. 2-The second approach is experimental: an initial user interface is quickly developed and then evaluated by end-users. The Combined Model
 The CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model draws on the intuition that the sequence of features e.g. ,Q~    ,  ~_ KoQ ~ Zfl2t ~-Kad 2 
where K = t o t a l number of stems recognised and a denotes the standard deviation    , We also have 
E  ,Q  ,d    , " K covariance Q    , d 
Hence    , which is the Pearson product-moment correlation of Q and d. In other words    , the vector space computation is used because it approximates the correlation computation when the vectors are sparse enough. Note that the variance is inversely proportional to the number of ratings so as the number of ratings increases the model becomes increasingly more certain in the preferences decreasing the variance. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index    , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. Building conversation systems    , in fact    , has attracted much attention over the past decades. Typical tools include the Fast Fourier Transform FFT    , as well as the Discrete Wavelet Transform DWT 
Background material
In this section we give a very brief introduction to some necessary background material. However    , a personalized random walk is a centrality rank- ing 
the Input
BCDRW requires three inputs: a normalized adjacency matrix W    , a normalized probability distribution d that encodes the prior ranking    , and a dumpling factor λ that balances the two. In the future we plan to apply deep learning approach to other IR applications    , e.g. If we randomly pick a document from the collection    , the chance that a term ti appears in the document can be estimated by the ratio between the number of documents containing the term ni i.e. Our research builds on summarization systems by identifying core concepts that are central ideas in a scientific domain. The many-to-many translation relations for biological and its paraphrased or synonymous words between English and Chinese are depicted in 
OUR APPROACH: OVERVIEW
Our approach of using translation representation for a monolingual retrieval task is summarized in 
CONSTRUCTION OF TRANSLATION REPRESENTATION
Expected Frequency of an Auxiliary Word
In this paper    , source language refers to the language of a given document collection    , and auxiliary language refers to an additional language used as the translation representation . The users can highlight any text from the search snippets or whole document and add it to the notebook by a single button click. from a journal a real world example for a database containing medical document abstracts is given by the Journal of Clinical Oncology 1 . In order to implement this principle    , we would first parse the abstract to identify complete facts: the right semantic terms plus the right relationship among them    , as specified in the query topic. Estimating £ ¤ § © in a typical retrieval environment is difficult because we have no training data: we are given a query    , a large collection of documents and no indication of which documents might be relevant. Cosine Similarity
Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. We are currently investigating techniques to identify these effectively tagged blog posts and hope to incorporate it into future versions of TagAssist. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN AND RESULT
 Since this paper focuses on the recommendation in ecommerce sites    , we collect a dataset from a typical e-commerce website    , shop.com    , for our experiments. We formulate    , test    , and provide experimental data in support of three driving hypotheses: This section summarizes the design and execution of our experiment    , the data we collected    , its interpretation    , and our results    , which include novel findings regarding these metrics. Finally    , we assessed our random forest model Sec. Group G exp low : this experimental group receives highquality query suggestions in the training phase which were predicted to be ine↵ective in the user perceptions study Section 4.2. Experiments
In this section we describe our experimental design for the collection of preference judgements. Section 4 describes the results of experiments. The noise in the content may create errors while doing document retrieval thus drastically reducing the precision of retrieval. Empirical studies have shown that our new weighting scheme can be incorporated to improve the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method substantially under many different configurations. Several interviewees reported that " operationalization " of their predictive models—building new software features based on the predictive models is extremely important for demonstrating the value of their work. While this approach is not applicable to all software architectures    , it can yield benefits when applied to static systems    , and to static aspects of dynamic systems. Based on this    , we analyze how users differed in their formulation of specific queries. We refer to this approach as naive combination. the two baselines    , when using a random forest as the base classifier. All D-Lib articles are written in HTML. ln the experiments reported in this paper we have also incremented document scores by some factor but the differences between our experiment and Croft's work are the methods used for identifying dependencies from queries    , and the fact that syntactic information from document texts sentence a.nd phrase boundaries is used in our work. The application runs from the command line. Third    , as we move from a university to a national level    , our data warehousing solution may not scale when different annotation    , experimental and clinical data is gathered at multiple institutions. Six different images were shown to the participant for each topic    , the images varied for each combination of size and relevance    , for that topic. , F1 score < 1. For the QALD experiments described later    , we annotated the query using DBpedia Spotlight 
SPARQL Generation: This component creates 
the final SPARQL query using information provided by above two steps. In the WSDM Evaluation setup    , we compare the performance of BARACO and MT using the following metrics: AUC and Pearson correlation as before. Sparck Jones and Van Rijsbergen Sparck Jones 76/ suggest that the ideal collection should: q be large    , i.e. We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. One of the main obstacles to effective performance of the classical probabilistic models has been precisely the challenge of estimating the relevance model. propose a simpler yet more effective solution for image embedding 
ZERO-SHOT IMAGE TAGGING
Problem Statement
 Given an unlabeled image    , the goal of zero-shot image tagging is to automatically tag the image with labels that have no training examples available. Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. In summary    , the ARSA model mainly comprises two components . Given HAIRCUT's average precision of 31.5% on the TREC-8 ad hoc task    , it seems unlikely that the drop in English performance is due to some sort of overtraining on the TREC-7 data. In addition    , given that we allow users to freely enter additional tags    , we can use that information to improve TagAssist. Here a candidate path is a path from vs or vt to an intermediate vertex that follows the appropriate pattern. We used the reference linking API to analyze D-Lib articles. We note a significant drop in the number of relevant documents for the TREC-8 CLIR task    , which may play a role: Query Track JHU/APL also participated in the query track. Drop-Out: we concatenate q0 with the whole context while leave-one-out each context sentence    , one at a time    , i.e. The NDCG results from the user dependent rating imputation method are shown in 
shows the learned variances together with the number of ratings for each movie. The general interest score is the cosine similarity between the user general interest model and the suggestion model in terms of their vector representations. Rule definition
The rule definition module is a modular tool which offers a language for rule programming and a rule programming interface for dynamic creation or modification of rules within an application. State verb 
Linguistic Biases 
 We describe two linguistic biases discussed by social psychologists and communication scientists: the Linguistic Expectancy Bias LEB and the Linguistic Intergroup Bias LIB. To the former we owe the concept of a relevance model: a language model representative of a class of relevant documents. Result Ranking. If entries of the Y matrix are unavailable    , under a missing completely at random MCAR assumption we can sample them in each iteration of the MCMC procedure using Equation 1    , and then use the equation above at prediction time. In this example    , P-DBSCAN forms better clusters since it takes local density into account. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 
RELATED WORK
 Prior research on two topics directly inform our study: 1 identification of core concepts in educational digital library resources    , and 2 automatic computation of semantic similarity between short text fragments. Let Bt denote the set of blogs on the movie of interest that were posted on day t. The average probability of sentiment factor z = j conditional on blogs in Bt is defined as 
ωt  ,j = 1 |Bt| b∈B t pz = j|b    , 
 where pz = j|bb ∈ Bt are obtained based a trained S- PLSA model. Demand for Experimentation. We use this value to predict user's interest in a page which he has not yet visited but which other users have. Experimental Design
All experiments were conducted on a machine running Linux with a Intel Xeon x5650 CPU 2.67GHz and 48GB of RAM. Each element function fcw is a negative log-likelihood function with the 2 norm for composition c    , which is a single element of set C. 
Optimization
There are a few issues with optimizing the composite objectives in 3.6. Using these constraints    , we calculate the model parameters Θ with maximizing the log-likelihood log L in Equation 9. , 'book jacket' and 'dust cover'. with the task model as the experimental system. Moreover    , in U    , no variable is needed for the second parameter which remains constant under recursion. Considerations other than pure utility values such as income and fairness might need to be taken into account. To represent a specific node in S    , previous work tries to find matches in the skipgram model for every phrase    , and average the corresponding vectors 
EMPIRICAL EVALUATION
This section presents an evaluation to verify our proposal    , compared with the baseline model 
Setup
Training Label Set Y0. We have a concept occurrence    , also called a " semantic hit "     , when a paragraph contains an inflection of a question's concept or an entity with the same semantic category of the Question Focus Each occurrences is weighted according to the associated semantic slot and all weights are added up to obtain a score for each paragraph. However    , our spectral classifier may be more suitable for projects with heavily imbalanced  i.e. CONCLUSIONS
 In this paper    , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. That is    , instead of using the appraisal words    , we train an S-PLSA model with the bag-of-words feature set    , and feed the probabilities over the hidden factors thus obtained into the ARSA model for training and prediction. Performing a similarity search query on an LSH index consists of two steps: 1 using LSH functions to select " candidate " objects for a given query q    , and 2 ranking the candidate objects according to their distances to q. Probabilistic Retrieval Model for Semi-structured Data
The probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S 
P F k ∈F PM w|F k PM F k  
1 
Here    , PM w|Fj is calculated by dividing the number of occurrences for term w by total term counts in the field Fj across the whole collection. Conclusion and Future Plans
This paper presented the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval. LI Frequency LIF Model
In the LI Frequency LIF model    , we use term frequencies to model least information. However    , this resulted in severe overfitting . All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. The experiment primarily explored how improved levels of inter-rater reliability can be achieved and was intended to generate a set of 'correctly' aligned documents a gold standard set for testing and improving lesson plan retrieval. The measurements were taken at five levels of minimum confidence    , and they are shown in 
We consider the results to be a positive indication that the predictive model is not over fitting the training data. Equipped with the proposed models    , companies will be able to better harness the predictive power of blogs and conduct businesses in a more effective way. We also studied query independent features on an Support Vector Machine classifier. RELATED WORK
Monolingual Retrieval
 Word ambiguity has been extensively investigated in information retrieval using WSD. The advantage of the vector space computation is that it is simpler and faster. The following two sections describe our experimental design and results. The present section is structured according to the above categorization. It is worth noting that although we have only used S- PLSA for the purpose of prediction in this work    , it is indeed a model general enough to be applied to other scenarios. These categories are:  REL/RETR-relevant documents retrieved above the cut- off  NON/RETR-non-relev8llt documents retrieved above the cutoff  REL/NON-relevant documents not retrieved above the 'cutoff 
What the results in 
The incrementing of document scores in this way is ba.sed on a probabilistic model of retrieval described in Croft's paper. Given the synthesized schemas    , we created a database for each alternative . We present a selection-centric context language model and a selection-centric context semantic model for modeling and understanding context. Our results from these models show that a fully balanced design— accounting for both request variability and host variability—is optimal in minimizing the benchmark's standard error given a fixed number of requests and machines. Similarly    , the research community has created excellent production digital libraries systems: NCSTRL/Dienst 
NCSTRL and Its Limitations 
In this section    , we discuss NCSTRL and its implementation limitations. This is desirable for those applications where users care more about hot spots in the data set. We base our choice of experimental conditions on the reported perceptions of queries to reflect H2 and we reduced the number of tasks to six in an e↵ort to counteract the fatigue e↵ect observed in the pilot. The Clarke-Tax approach ensures that users have no incentive to lie about their true intentions. The term discrimination model has been criticised because it does not exhibit well substantiated theoretical properties. The SC-Recall came out to be 96.68 %. These properties make it an interesting case for our study. In this paper we developed a statistical model to understand and quantify these effects    , and explored their practical impact on benchmarking . The result is that the probabilistic model has been important mainly for providing solid foundations for much of the information retrieval work rather than as a practical tool in experimental or operational situations. Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. In the course of this development    , the knowledge representation structures called templates were defined and adopted as the basic building-blocks for representing linguistic and extralinguistic knowledge. Together with the self-learning knowledge base    , NRE makes a deep injection possible. The subjects of the pilot experiment did not participate in the actual experiment. The physician is interested in the immediate finding of articles where relevance is defined by the semantic similarity to some kind of prototype abstract delivered by the specialist. The encoding procedure can be summarized as: 
H conv = CharCN N T  6 ht = LST M gt    , ht−1 7 
where g = H conv is an extracted feature matrix where each row can be considered as a time-step for the LSTM and ht is the hidden representation at time-step t. LSTM operates on each row of the H conv along with the hidden vectors from previous time-step to produce embedding for the subsequent time-steps. Sensitivity Results
 By probing multiple hash buckets per table    , the multiprobe LSH method can greatly reduce the number of hash tables while finding desired similar objects. We found that the notion of 'alignment' used by the teachers was both qualitatively and quantitatively different when they were searching for aligned curriculum themselves vs. judging alignment suggestions identified by others. Hence    , connectivity-based unsupervised classifiers offer a viable solution for cross and within project defect predictions. , 'Deep CNN' features extracted from raw product images presented a good option due to their widely demonstrated efficacy at capturing abstract notions of fine-grained categories 
3 
 Then the parameter set is Θ = {α    , βu    , βi    , γu    , γi    , θu    , E}. The first is TDT 
Experimental Design
Three sets of experiments are performed in our study. Retrospectively    , this choice now bears fruit    , as the update exists as an average amenable to stochastic gradient descent. We first analyzed the theoretical property of kernel LSH KLSH. Professionals
 In total 48 professionals from 18 companies in 10 countries participated in the experiment by completing the online questionnaire 
Preparation
 Prior to the experiment we conducted a pilot run to evaluate the experimental design and the experiment materials. In most experiments    , the proposed methods    , especially LIB*LIF fusion     , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. There are two methods of measuring variable importance in a random forest: by Gini importance and by permutation importance. HAIRCUT exhibited 79% recall at 1000 on the CLIR task    , and a high average precision relative to retrieval using human-translated queries. Our experiments on numeric data show that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test achieves the highest label prediction accuracy of the various statistical hypothesis tests. Any programming language which supports static types could be used as well    , for example MODULA /Wi83/. This list is used by the predictor to perform a breadth first search of the possible concepts representing the input text. On Persons 1    , the three curves are near -coincidental    , while in the case of ACM-DBLP    , the best performance of the proposed system was achieved in the first iteration itself hence    , two curves are coincidental. The resulting uneven link creation results in a very uneven link distribution    , with some nodes hugely connected    , and other nodes completely isolated 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Our experiment compares the reformulation of queries that users perform in keyword searching    , to the query reformulation implicit in browsing between documents linked by similarity of content. 100 for more details on the geometry of statistical models. This has been done in a heuristic fashion in the past    , and may have stifled the performance of classical probabilistic approaches. Another method of training topic models    , variational EM 
From topics to virtual shelves
 Tables 1    , 2 and 3 list topics selected from models generated for three books. Considering the Random Forest based approaches we vary the number of trees ranging from 10 to 1000. Since we analyzed document similarity based on weighted word frequency    , it was important that non-English documents be removed    , since we used an English-language corpus to estimate the general frequency of word occurrence. Thus    , D S is identified by its CCD and all the linking candidates D T for this dataset are found in its cluster    , following our working hypothesis. For all models we found that 100 steps of gradient descent was enough to reach convergence. HR0011-12-C-0015; NSF under awards IIS- 0916043 and IIS-1144034. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods    , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. Then the fitting problem is solved with a dynamic programming procedure    , which finds the segmentation such that rankings inside all bins are predicted most accurately. Main Results
The main result is that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropybased LSH methods to achieve various search quality levels and it is more time efficient than the entropy-based LSH method. Semantic Accuracy: We observed an SP of 91.92 % for the OWL-S TC query dataset. Semantic Relatedness
The first evaluation is based on the SemEval 2015-Task 1: Paraphrase and Semantic Similarity in Twitter 
Sentiment Classification
The second evaluation is based on the SemEval 2015-Task 10B: Twitter Message Polarity Classification 
CONCLUSION AND FUTURE WORK
In this paper    , we presented Tweet2Vec    , a novel method for generating general-purpose vector representation of tweets    , using a character-level CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder architecture . After that    , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. , in 
RETRIEVAL MODEL
In this section we derive our ranking mechanism. The results show that query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the step-wise probing sequence. Our models produced state-of-the-art results on TREC 2007 Blog Distillation dataset. We present the influence of α l     , αg and β in 
Community Membership Evaluation
On the PAPER dataset    , the evaluation result of NCut CCD = 1351.02    , and we list the evaluation results of Net- PLSA regarding to its parameter λ in 
Case Study
This section gives some case studies in the PAPER dataset to show the semantic community discovery ability of ToP. Study overview
We used the same setup and experimental design as in the Main Study and varied only the ratio between training and test topics: in this study we used two topics for training    , and the remaining four topics for testing. There are now over two dozen of these collections    , and they have been distributed widely by the United Nations and other non government agencies 
Weaknesses
Many experimental interfaces have been built for Greenstone    , some of which make use of a CORBA-based protocol to support distributed client-server in-teraction. |   | 1 ^       l y l l Test x R r L MAE l − = ∑ 9 
where Test L denotes the number of the test ratings. Since expertise in both ontology design and the relevant domain are required to populate and maintain ontologies    , semantic web projects have faced the dilemma of either hiring expensive " double experts " highly-skilled in both ontology design and the relevant domain or face inevitable data and user sparseness 
EXPERIMENTAL SETUP
The objective of our experiments is twofold. Therefore    , the probability that emotion e k will be assigned to the i th comment can be estimated as below    , 
P e k |ci    , ui = expα k + N E l=1 β lk c il + N E l=1 γ lk u il  N E r=1 expαr + N E l=1 β lr c il + N E l=1 γ lr u il  
where α    , β and γ denote the combination parameters for bias    , the source of comments content and the source of emotion tags of news articles respectively. We also implemented a prototype web-based pictogram retrieval system 
Comparison of Four Approaches. Therefore    , the running time of IMRank is affordable. This paper focuses on comparing the basic    , entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods in the case that the index data structure fits in main memory. Arguably    , this serves as a reasonable ground truth as references from these papers were deemed relevant to the paper by the expert authors who chose to cite them. For each blog entry b    , the sentiments towards a movie are summarized using a vector of the posterior probabilities of the hidden sentiment factors    , P z|b. This lack of relationship between sentiment and success may be a masking effect    , due to the correlation between positive sentiment and other variables like reciprocity Pearson correlation coefficient r = .08 and word length r = .10. Full details of this recognition system are contained in 
Scanned Document Collection
The scanned document collection was based on the 21  ,759 " NEWS " stories in TDT-2 Version 3 
Design of the Mixed-Media Collection
The experimental mixed-media collection is based on a partition of the existing mono-media documents collections of electronic text    , spoken data and scanned document images. In order to find the best parameters    , we tried different λ values for each σ value in the range of 
Experimental Results on the Test Query Set
 In this section    , we present the evaluation results of our approaches on the TREC 2008 query topics. Previous studies of linguistic bias have involved manually annotating textual descriptions of people by LCM categories 
We measure the above properties in various ways    , and using appropriate statistical models    , compare their use in IMDb biographies across actor race and gender. We introduce a typical use case in which an intelligent traffic management system must support coordinated access to a knowledge base for a large number of agents. Selection-Centric Context Semantic Model
One potential problem to apply this context language model to score each reference document is that a document is very short see the snippet in 
Vs    , c = w∈c pw|s    , c · Vw 4 
Although using ESA for semantic matching is not entirely novel    , we are the first to leverage the term proximity evidence when computing the ESA vector. Using the training blog entries    , we train an S-PLSA model. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. IMRank: iterative framework
IMRank aims to find a self-consistent ranking from any initial ranking. are images from " difficult " topics more difficult to judge  ?. For example    , if the query is " night "     , relevant pictograms are first selected using the highest semantic relevance value in each pictogram    , and once candidate pictograms are selected    , the pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category    , which in this case is the TIME category. First    , the basic Skip-gram model is extended by inserting a softmax layer    , in order to add the word sentiment polarity. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function    , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. Introduction
Various types of user studies can support the design and evaluation of digital libraries. We wrap up with related work and conclusions. Negative experiences in using RaPiD7 exist    , too. Resolution was set to 1024x768. Conclusion
This year we approached TREC Genomics using a cross language IR CLIR techniques. Its time complexity mainly depends on l. We denote dmax to the largest number of paths end in an arbitrary node with length no more than l. The time required for scanning each node is Odmax log dmax    , including the time used for searching candidate nodes    , sorting candidate nodes by their ranks    , and allocating influence. This section provides a brief overview of LSH functions    , the basic LSH indexing method and a recently proposed entropy-based LSH indexing method. For example    , in 
Modeling Subtleties. The two are related quantities with different focuses. Most combinations contained multiple topics    , with the exception of easy/semantic    , easy/medium visual    , and very difficult/medium visual. For each topic    , the table lists the most probable words for the topic under its DCM parameters along with the words in the book most frequently assigned to the topic. This model is then converted into a vector representation as mentioned above. Please note that we build a global classifier with all training instances instead of building a local classifier for each entity for simplicity. Furthermore. CONCLUSIONS AND FUTURE WORK
We have described the design and implementation of HearSay    , an audio Web browser system. To encourage diversity in those replicated particles    , we select a small number of documents 10 in our implementation from the recent 1000 documents    , and do a single MCMC sweep over them    , and then finally reset the weight of each particle to uniform. Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
This work was supported in part by 973 Program Grant No. Since our focus is on type prediction     , we employ retrieval models used in the recent work by Kim et al. Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input    , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. From the definition of time-dependent marginalized kernel     , we can observe that the semantic similarity between two queries given the timestamp t is determined by two factors . To add more credit to the friends who share common ratings with the target peer    , we use an Copyright is held by the author/owners. Continued growth depends on understanding the creative motivations and challenges inherent in this industry    , but the lack of collections focused on game development documentation is stifling academic progress. Currently    , there are a number of commercial products available for individual communities to create their specialized digital library for example    , http://www.software.ibm.com/is/dig- lib/v2factsheet. To compute the similarity weights w i  ,k between users ui and u k     , several similarity measures can be adopted    , e.g. Introduction 
Over the last years    , the Marktoberdorf Summer School has been a place where people tried to uncover the mysteries of programming. We also present precision at one document retrieved P@1    , a histogram of ranks at which the correct answer appeared and a pairwise comparison of methods number of queries where A was superior and number of queries where B was superior. On Restaurants    , for example    , the random forest-based system had run-times ranging from 2–5 s for the entire classification step depending on the iteration. SIGIR 2007 Proceedings Session 25: Combination and Fusion 
Feature Selection
We first consider the problem of feature selection    , i.e. The most difficult aspect in experimental design was deciding how to choose the query pairs. However    , diaeerent research communities have associated diaeerent partially incompatiblee interpretations with the values returned from such score functions     , such astThe fuzzy set interpretation ë2    , 8ë    , the spatial interpretation originally used in text databases    , the metric interpetation ë9ë    , or the probabilistic interpretation underlying advanced information retrieval systems ë10ë. Goals 
The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory JHU/APL is a second-time entrant in the TREC Category A evaluation. In the results    , unless otherwise specified    , the default values are W = 0.7    , M = 16 for the image dataset and W = 24.0    , M = 11 for the audio dataset. Are ties effective for enhancing the performance of the ranking functions  ? Suggestion Method Precision Recall 
Discussion
Our evaluation shows that TagAssist is able to provide relevant tag suggestions for new blog posts. Methods with the LIB quantity    , especially LIB    , LIB+LIF    , and LIB*LIF    , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy    , e.g. We employ a deep learning engine to semantically label photos to explore the visual content of real-life photos. Finally    , the unnormalized importance weight for particle f     , ω f after td is updated as
ω f ← ω f P xtd|z f td     , s f td     , x1:t−1    , 
7 
 which has the intuitive explanation that the weight for particle f is updated by multiplying in the marginal probability of the new observation xtd    , which we compute from the last 10 samples of the MCMC sweep over a given document. This type of dependence covers phrases    , term proximity    , and term co-occurrence 
SIGIR 2007 Proceedings Session 13: Formal Models 
after query expansion. Interestingly    , for the topic law and informatization/computerization 1719 we see that the Dutch translation of law is very closely related. CLIR-Track Task Description
Similarly to last year    , CLIR track participants were asked to retrieve documents from a multilingual pool containing documents in four different languages. Similar to the click modeling for document retrieval    , this sumption explains why top ranked queries receive more clicks even though they are not necessarily relevant to the given prefix. This is approached by embedding both the image and the novel labels into a common semantic space such that their relevance can be estimated in terms of the distance between the corresponding vectors in the space. A Simple Display Application
The first example 
Reference Linking the D-Lib Magazine
The second example gathers and stores reference linking information for future use. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. Next    , we used Alchemy 2 to generatively learn the weights of our base MLN using the evidence data. We split the document into paragraphs or sentences and rank them according to an estimate of relevance to the query. In addition    , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects. We have described an experimental method in which learnt uncertainty information can be used to guide design choices to avoid overfitting    , and have run a series of experiments on the benchmark LETOR OHSUMED data set for both types of model. An example for our CQA intent classification task may be {G : 0.3    , CQA : 0.7}    , which means that the forest assessment of an input query is that it is a general Web query G with 30% probability    , and a CQA query CQA with 70% probability. We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. Each part γ i ∈ Dα constitutes a set of semantically related primary information items linked according to their semantic relationships. We compare the weighted memory-based approach by incorporating our weighting scheme to standard memory-based approach including the Pearson Correlation Coefficient PCC method    , the Vector Similarity VS method    , the Aspect Model AM    , and the Personality Diagnosis PD method. Dataset
As mentioned    , we collected massive conversation resources from various forums    , microblog websites    , and cQA platforms including Baidu Zhidao 6     , Douban forum 7     , Baidu Tieba 8     , Sina Weibo 9     , etc. , inverse user frequency weighting IUF and variance weighting VW. Deep Learning with Bottom-Up Transfer
To ensure good generalization abilities in transfer learning    , a shared middle-level feature abstraction is first learned in an unsupervised pre-training and a supervised fine-tuning from both the source and target domains    , in which W is optimized. INTRODUCTION
In recent years    , Weblogs or blogs in short have become a popular type of media on the Web. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
This material is based on work supported in part by the Library of Congress and Department of Commerce under cooperative agreement number EEC-9209623    , in part by SPAWARSYSCEN-SD grant number N66001-99-1-8912    , and in part by the Advanced Research and Development Activity in Information Technology ARDA under its Statistical Language Modeling for Information Retrieval Research Program    , contract number MDA904-00-C-2106. Hence we propose three fusion methods to combine the two quantities by addition and multiplication: 1. The time and space complexity of IMRank with the generalized LFA strategy is low. Whilst this may imply agreement between the searcher and the system    , some aspects of the experimental design may have created a bias towards more documents being saved from the top of the list. The idea behind the method is relatively simple    , but the effective use of it is not. Following the likelihood principle    , one determines P d    , P zjd    , and P wjz b y maximization of the logglikelihood function 
L = X d2D X w2W nd; w log P d; w ; 3 
where nd; w denotes the term frequency    , i.e. INTRODUCTION
Cross lingual information retrieval CLIR has been one of the major research areas in information retrieval during last few years 
LEARNING
Statistical Translation Models
Let's assume that the language of queries is Chinese and the language of documents is English. nodes with no connections increases. Suppose a modeller or domain expert is developing a tourism ontology and has to figure out the relation between the classes Campground and RuralArea. The latter three variables were based on the topic classifications defined in the ImageCLEF 2007 
Data and Topics
The ImageCLEF 2007 collection is a set of 20  ,000 images    , 60 search topics    , and associated relevance judgments. We can estimate Px from the collection as: ~fxd d for all z n-grams X ~" 
Under ~h~ fame assumptions as above    , the variance of S is: 
axPx2+Nd 3 VARSd  ,e=NdNeE + Ne-2 E a P X X X X Nd+Ne-l  E x y~x axayPx2py2 4 Nd+Ne-l  E a P X X X 
With a multlnomial model of text and given n-gram probabilities    , 
one can thus 
predict the expected value and the variance of a similarity measure computed for a random pair of text items. To accomplish this    , we extract various features from a user's geotagged photos posted online. Implicit User Social Relationships
As mentioned in Section 1    , all the social recommendation approaches need to utilize the additional explicit user social information    , which may limit the impact and utilization of these approaches. The basic premise behind the dynamic programming formulation is that we can decompose the set of tuples T into two subsets T and T − T     , find the optimal solution for each of them separately and combine them to get the final answer for the full set T .   , the difference in means depends on aspects of the experimental design. The majority of the research and development effort up to the present has been concentrated on the design and implementation of an experimental testbed system for the data acquisition component. This was not so clear about our application in the relevance part of semantic data – in the form of the lexicon of referential equivalents. Without the efforts of these users we would not have such good results nor would we have RaPiD7 as an institutionalized way of working. Experimental Design
Scenario. Our approach is compared to two commonly used weighting schemes: the inverse user frequency IUF 
3 How is the weighted memory-based approach compared to other approaches  ? However    , the experimental design allows us to also explore differences between alignment assessment and behavior. Another 216 words returned the same results for the three semantic relevance approaches. The user interface is then established by performing experimental evaluations. Query Likelihood
 In case of the query likelihood also referred as standard LM approach     , documents are ranked according to the likelihood of them being relevant given the query P D|Q. The third one is the CMU system    , which gives the best performance in TREC 2007 and 2008 evaluations 
Baseline 
CONCLUSIONS
In this paper    , we introduced two probabilistic models that model individual blog posts as hidden variables for blog seed retrieval tasks. With these choices    , nearby objects those within distance r have a greater chance p1 vs. p2 of being hashed to the same value than objects that are far apart those at a distance greater than cr away. Research in 978-1-4799-5569-5/14/$31.00 c 2014 IEEE. We follow the typical generative model in Information Retrieval that estimates the likelihood of generating a document given a query    , pd|q. EXPERIMENTS
We carried out experiments using the benchmark Learning to Rank LETOR OHSUMED data set 
Parameter choices
There are several design choices which are common to both the GP-Rank and FITC-Rank model    , including the number of prototypes per label value    , the type of kernel function     , how prototypes are initialised    , and how kernel hyperparameters are initialised. We want to semantify text by assigning word sense IDs to the content words in the document. A text document can be viewed as a set of terms with probabilities estimated by frequencies of occurrence. Whereas LIF well supported recall    , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin    , particularly in terms of purity    , precision    , and rand index. it is possible in the probabilistic environment to take into account at least some of the dependencies and relationships between the terms used to iden- tify the queries and the stored records. Therefore    , we begin with an overview of Semin and Fiedler's Linguistic Category Model LCM 
Linguistic Category Model 
 Both the LEB and the LIB build upon the Linguistic Category Model. Note that while reputation is a function of past activities of an identity    , trustworthiness is a prediction for the future. According to extensive experiment results    , T is always significantly smaller than k. Besides    , dmax is usually much smaller than n    , e.g. It too introduces non-trivial complications with respect to how hosts interact with request-level effects and experimental design to affect the standard error of the benchmark. This design method is by definition iterative. Procedures and Experimental Design
The study was conducted in the Human-Computer Interaction Lab at the University of Maryland at College Park UMD. The prediction of character at each time step is given by: 
P Ct|· = sof tmaxTt    , ht−1 
8 
where Ct refers to the character at time-step t    , Tt represents the one-hot vector of the character at time-step t. The result from the softmax is a decoded tweet matrix T dec     , which is eventually compared with the actual tweet or a synonymreplaced version of the tweet explained in Section 3 for learning the parameters of the model.