Here  , graph equality means isomor- phism. Where TSV means Term Selection Value that is used to rank terms. a variable for the solving method. it contains only diagonal elements. Steady trending means a good performance on model robustness. A smaller k value means that the expanded query terms are less important. We now examine the bid variation in accounts. ∩ f k − → r  , which describe the training data by means of feature-relevance associations. That means a cloned h-fragment of a k-fragment must have its size h in the range This implies kσ ≤ h ≤ k/σ. Figure 1 depicts the investigated scenario. The extra cost incurred by this extension involves storing additional information. As we increase σ k   , the performance in both Figure first increases and thereafter declines slightly. Thus the complexity of computing one context-aware rating is exponential in the number of modes and polynomial in the number of factors. Figure 5shows the experimental results. K w : This database models the plan-time effects of sensing actions with binary outcomes. K- Means will tend to group sequences with similar sets of events into the same cluster. By changing the parameter k  , we can realize the variable viscosity elements. This means that blog posts are modeled using a single QLM. This means that for k quality attributes  , Note that values 2  , 4  , 6  , and 8 represent compromises between these preferences. Intuitively this means that some classification information is lost after C  , is eliminated. Standalone localization means that each robot estimates its position using its exteroceptive sensors data collected from the fixed beacons located in the evolution area. between the power of a matrix and its spectral information e.g. Schematically  , preservation means that the state of ω stays within the same ≡ I -equivalence class. O having overlapping sources of inconsistencies means that K ∩ K = ∅. When two sets of inconsistent axioms are overlapping  , it indicates that certain axioms contribute more to the inconsistencies and these axioms are possibly more problematic than others. Virtual targets are predicted using input-output maps implemented efficiently by means of a k-d tree short for k-dimensional tree a  , 91. This implies that M F k is also aperiodic and together with irreducibility this means that M F k is ergodic. This can be seen based on the following two observations: The rationale behind these operations is that the K-γoverlap graph of P can be transformed into the K-γ-overlap graph of p by means of these operations. As mentioned earlier  , X k ,j denotes the corresponding user feature vector. Put simply  , the private data set is modified so that each record is indistinguishable from at least k − 1 other records. This means that our current implementation only approximates the top-k items. This means that we would do EA_LB_Keogh 2k-1 times  , without early abandoning. Variable reduction is illustrated in example 3. are non-negative  , it means there is a solution for candidate migration. This means that there are less than k objects in our constrained region. The repetitive controller then try to cancel this non-periodic disturbance after one period in order to bring E r k to zero. This means that the user has seen at least 3 different values for the same d − k combination key and potential tracker respectively. Clustered multi-index. We can observe that the prediction accuracy increases first when k increases and then becomes stable or even slightly decreases when k > 30 for all three groups of experiments. Mandelbrot noticed extreme variability of second empirical moments of financial data  , which could be interpreted as nonexistence of the theoretical second moments  , i.e. This means that This means that the descendants of v h share at least a node with the descendants of v k but they do not belong to the same subtree. Such collections of values give anonymity to secret associations. In the final  , a single point pi of the calligraphic character can be represented as a 32 dimensional vector. At execution time  , the planner will have definite information about f 's value. Compared with the baseline  , the performances for all K > 1 were significantly improved  , and the best performance was obtained when using K = 500. This fact means that these two categories are strongly connected to haptic information  , and granularities of these categories are different. by the means ofˆcofˆ ofˆc i and T k   , before being projected into the corresponding image. That means as long as the cut-point k 1 is within the tolerance range we consider the term as similar  , outside the tolerance range it is dissimilar. Roughly speaking  , k-anonymity means that one can only be certain that a value is associated with one of at least k values. It means that outside users can never make sure which one of k property values an entity e is certainly associated with  , except when they are be able to exclude k − 1 values from them using some external knowledge . This means we can only include targets for which our methods find at least K source candidates which naturally shrinks the set of test targets. The above EM procedure is ensured to converge  , which means that the log-likelihood of all observed ratings given the current model estimate is always nondecreasing. The value of Qo is similarly an increasing function of K which in this case means that as K increases the range of batch sizes over which the GS policy is more desirable increases. This result corresponds to the feature as mentioned in Section 4.1. The vector of parameters to be optimised is given byˆP by the means ofˆcofˆ ofˆc i and T k   , before being projected into the corresponding image. This section is divided into four subsections. That means watermarking object should have the largest number of 16xl6 macro blocks. which means that after k control steps the signal reaches the confidence zone. When k increases  , the optimal b becomes negative . This means that RCDR successfully preserved information useful for estimating target orders. The second parameter to be tested is the opinion similarity function. The lower perplexity the higher topic modeling accuracy. To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . Third  , ensembles of models arise naturally in hierarchical modeling. This modeling approach has the advantage of improving our understanding of the mechanisms driving diffusion  , and of testing the predictive power of information diffusion models. In addition to early detection of different diseases  , predictive modeling can also help to individualize patient care  , by differentiating individuals who can be helped from a specific intervention from those that will be adversely affected by the same inter- vention 7  , 8. However  , this step of going the last mile is often difficult for Modeling Specialists  , such as Participants P7 and P12. Unlike traditional predictive display where typically 3D world coordinate CAD modeling is done  , we do not assume any a-priori information. Calculating the average per-word held-out likelihood   , predictive perplexity measures how the model fits with new documents; lower predictive perplexity means better fit. When we are capable of building and testing a highly predictive model of user effectiveness we will be able to do cross system comparisons via a control  , but our current knowledge of user modeling is inadequate. Second  , we have looked at only one measure of predictive performance in our empirical and theoretical work  , and the choice of evaluation criterion is necessarily linked to what we might mean by predictability. However  , we will keep the nested logit terminology since it is more prevalent in the discrete choice literature. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. Sequential prediction methods use the output of classifiers trained with previous  , overlapping subsequences of items  , assuming some predictive value from adjacent cases  , as in language modeling. Fig.4 shows an example of predictive geometrical information display when an endmill is operated manually by an operator using joysticks which are described later. This approach is similar in nature t o model-predictive-control MPC. In addition  , they offer more flexibility for modeling practical scenarios where the data is very sparse. Smoothed unigram language modeling has been developed to capture the predictive ability of individual words based on their frequency at each reading difficulty level 7. Modeling and feature selection is integrated into the search over the space of database queries generating feature candidates involving complex interactions among objects in a given database. The formal definition of perplexity for a corpus D with D documents is: To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . Our predictive models are based on raw geographic distance How many meters is the ATM from me ? We evaluated each source and combinations of sources based on their predictive value. Specifically  , the predictive models can help in three different ways. The approach taken in this paper suggests a framework for understanding user behavior in terms of demographic features determined through unsupervised modeling. In terms of portability  , vertical balancing may be improved by modeling the similarity in terms of predictive evidence between source verticals. As FData and RData have different feature patterns  , the combination of both result in better performance. These rules were then used to predict the values of the Salary attribute in the test data. Another objective of this research is to discover whether reducing the imbalance in the training data would improve the predictive performance for the 8 modeling methods we have evaluated. For each interface modeled we created a storyboard that contained the frames  , widgets  , and transitions required to do all the tasks  , and then demonstrated the tasks on the storyboard. In addition  , MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 11  , item taxonomy 9 and attributes 1  , social relations 8  , and 3-way interactions 21. This is appropriate in our case because we want the most predictive tree while still modeling cannibalization. Having cost models for all three types of releases  , along with an understanding of the outiler subset of high productivity releases  , would complete the cost modeling area of our study. In particular  , low-rank MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 15  , item taxonomy 6  , and attributes 1. These findings have profound implications for user modeling and personalization applications  , encouraging focus on approaches that can leverage users' browsing behavior as a source of information. Perplexity  , which is widely used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood lower numbers are better. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from data TransC i  for all the individual customer models and compare its performance with the performance of function 1 estimated from the transactional data for the whole customer base. Given the variety of models  , there was a pressing need for an objective comparison of their performance. Preliminary results showed that our topic-based defect prediction has better predictive power than state-of-the-art approaches. A lower score implies that word wji is less surprising to the model and are better. Examining users' geographic foci of attention for different queries is potentially a rich source of data for user modeling and predictive analytics. An important advantage of the statistical modeling approach is the ability to analyze the predictive value of features that are being considered for inclusion in the ranking scheme. A challenge of this approach is the tradeoff between the number of cohorts and the predictive power of cohorts on individuals. Here the appearance function g has to be based only on the image sequences returned from the tele-manipulation system. Manually built models consist mainly of text patterns  , carefully created  , tested and maintained by domain and linguistic experts. These approaches frequently use probabilistic graphical models PGMs for their support for modeling complex relationships under uncertainty. Perplexity is a standard measure used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood . From the predictive modeling perspective  , homophily or its opposite  , heterophily can be used to build more accurate models of user behavior and social interactions based on multi-modal data. Third  , we develop a clickrate prediction function to leverage the complementary relative strengths of various signals  , by employing a state-of-the-art predictive modeling method  , MART 15  , 16  , 40. l We found a high difference in effectiveness in the use of our systems between two groups of users. Since the core task for any user modeling system is predicting future behavior  , we evaluate the informativeness of different sources of behavioral signal based on their predictive value. Considering the complexity and heterogeneity of our data and the problem  , it is important to use the most suitable and powerful prediction model that are available. Both risks may dramatically affect the classifier performance and can lead to poor prediction accuracy or even in wrong predictive models. For building accurate models  , ignoring instances with missing values leads to inferior model performance 7  , while acquiring complete information for all instances often is prohibitively expensive or unnecessary. We also demonstrate the further improvement of UCM over URM  , due to UCM's more appropriate modeling of the retweet structure. Compounding the lack of clarity in the claims themselves is an absence of a consistent and rigorous evaluation framework . In doing this  , we hope to exploit the strength of machine learning to quantify the improvement of the proposed features. Sheridan differentiates between two types: those which use a time series extrapolation for prediction  , and those which do system modeling also including the multidimensional control input2. Table 2shows the results of the perplexity comparison. There has been a great deal of research on inductive transfer under many names  , e.g. The goal is to build models that can be used to generate behaviors that are interactive in the sense of being coordinated with a human partner. Thus although we anticipate that our qualitative results will prove robust to our specific modeling assumptions  , the relationship between model complexity and best-case predictive performance remains an interesting open question. Such an approach can generate a more comprehensive understanding of users and their pref- erences 57  , 48  , 46. Finally  , modeling relational data as it persists or changes across time is an important challenge. One key advantage of SJASM is that it can discover the underlying sentimental aspects which are predictive of the review helpfulness voting. Mark has been a co-organizer of two TREC tracks  , a co-organizer of the SIGIR 2013 workshop on modeling user behavior for information retrieval evaluation MUBE and the SIGIR 2010 workshop on the simulation of interaction. Content features are not predictive perhaps due to 1 citation bias  , 2 paper quality is covered by authors/venues  , or 3 insufficient content modeling. One important application of predictive modeling is to correctly identify the characteristics of different health issues by understanding the patient data found in EHR 6. In this paper  , predictive modeling and analyses have been conducted at two different levels of granularity. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from the transactional data TransC i  for the segmentation level models  , and compare its performance with the performance results obtained in Section 4. On the other hand  , it is also misleading to imply that even if extreme events such as financial crises and societal revolutions cannot be predicted with any useful accuracy 54  , predictive modeling is counterproductive in general. A statistical approach is proposed to infer the distribution of a word's likely acquisition age automatically from authentic texts collected from the Web  , and then an effective semantic component for predicting reading difficulty of news texts is provided by combining the acquisition age distributions for all words in a document 14. Pain is a very common problem experienced by patients  , especially at the end of life EOL when comfort is paramount to high quality healthcare. Moreover  , these bounds on predictive performance are also extremely sensitive to the deviations from perfect knowledge we are likely to encounter when modeling real-world systems: even a relatively small amount of error in estimating a product's quality leads to a rapid decrease in one's ability to predict its success. It should be noted that the key contribution of this work is more about extracting the important features and understanding the domain by providing novel insights  , but not necessarily about building a new predictive modeling algo- rithm. Item seed sets were constructed according to various criteria such as popularity items should be known to the users  , contention items should be indicative of users' tendencies  , and coverage items should possess predictive power on other items. However  , our goal here is different as we do not just want to make our predictions based on some large number of features but are instead interested in modeling how the temporal dynamics of bidding behavior predicts the loan outcome funded vs. not funded and paid vs. not paid. The most relevant related work is on modeling predictive factors on social media for various other issues such as tie formation Golder and Yardi 2010   , tie break-up Kivran- Swaine  , Govindan  , and Naaman 2011  , tie strength Gilbert and Karahalios 2009 and retweeting Suh et al. In other words  , we aggregate the past behavior in the two modalities considered search queries and browsing behavior over a given time period  , and evaluate the predictiveness of the resulting aggregated user profile with respect to behavior occurring in a  sequent period. We store current rules in a prefix tree called the RS-tree. sort represents a flatten-structure transformation with sort. A sort instance element can be expanded to re-run its associated query and display the results. Using auxiliary tree T   , recursive function sort csets is invoked to sort the component sets. When an item is inserted in the FP-tree  , sort the items in contingency weight ascending order. Updates may cause swapping via the bubble sort  , splitting  , and/or merging of tree nodes Updates to DB does not lead to any swapping of tree nodes  old gets changed. Sort-based bulk loading KF 93 refers to the classical approach of sorting and packing the nodes of the R*-tree. This approach makes the hest use of the occurrence of the common suffix in transactions  , thereby constructing a more compact tree structure than F'P-tree. However  , in many other cases  , it requires rescanning the entire updated database DB in order to build the corresponding FP-tree. In this way  , at each point the node being inserted will become the rightmost leaf node in T after insertion. Therefore  , each projection uses B-tree indexing to maintain a logical sort-key order. This information is made available to further relational operators in the relational operator tree to eliminate sort operations. Since each partition of Emp is presorted  , it may be cheapest to use a sort-merge join for joining corresponding partitions. index join  , nested loops join  , and sort-merge join are developed and used to compare the average plan execution costs for the different query tree formats. New human computer interaction knowledge and technology must be developed to support these new possibilities for autonomous systems. This problem is more serious than FELINE because it uses the bubble sort to recursively exchange adjacent tree nodes. The other approach  , which we call Sorted-Tuples-based bulk loading  , is even simpler. A query that produces many results is hurt more by a blocking Sort and benefits more from a semi/fully pipelined pattern tree match physical evaluation. C-Store organizes columns into projections sets of columns and each projection has a sort-key 25. By traversing elements from the root element to elements with atomic data  , we obtain large 1-paths  , large 2-paths  , and so on  , until large n-paths. The only difference is that one needs to sort the path according to L before inserting it into a new P-tree. Second  , OVERLAP prunes edges in the search lattice  , converting it into a tree  , as follows. 1 sort the attribute-based partition  , compressing if possible 2 build a B-Tree like index which consists of pointers beginning and end to the user-specified category boundaries for the attribute. Relational query optimization  , however  , impacts XQuery semantics and introduces new challenges. It tries to do better than Parent by overiapping the computation of different cuboids and using partially matching sort orders. The graph is displayed as a tree hierarchy  , with sort instances as leaf elements. Serialization of an XML subtree using the XML_Serialize operator serves as an example. Now  , as our target in TREC is to find an " optimal " ranking function to sort documents in the collection  , individuals should represent tentative ranking functions. It does not offer immediate capability of navigating or searching XML data unless an extra index is built. So the performance increase is higher for such queries – e.g. As mentioned earlier  , the sort-merge join method is used. Thus the load for computing the tree and hence for testing the hypotheses varies. The experiments that we performed with our datasets showed that the performance of R+-tree was better than R*-tree for our application. The tree node corresponding to the last item of the sorted summary itemset represents a cluster  , to which the transaction T i belongs. Instead of inserting records into a B+-tree as they arrive  , they are organized in-memory into sorted runs. If the database contains data structures other than Btrees   , those structures can be treated similar to B-tree root nodes. We note that the depth first traverse of the DOM tree generally matches the same sequence of the nodes appearing in the webpage. If the first triple pattern in this list has only one join variable  , we pick this join variable as the root of the tree embedded on the graph Gjvar as described before. SQL Server 2005 also introduces optimizations for document order by eliminating sort operations on ordered sets and document hierarchy  , and query tree rewrites using XML schema information. So  , it works well in situations that follow the " build once  , mine many " principle e.g. For these kinds of data  , it is in general not advisable or even not possible to apply classical sort-based bulk loading where first  , the data set is sorted and second  , the tree is built in a bottom-up fashion. Bulk loading of a B+-tree first sorts the data and then builds the index in a bottom-up fashion. Due to its enhanced query planner  , the tree-aware instance relies on operators to evaluate XPath location steps  , while the original instance will fall back to sort and index nested-loop join. Each disk drive has an embedded SCSI controller which provides a 45K byte RAM buffer that acts as a disk cache on read operations. This chaining method passes label information between classifiers  , allowing CC to take into account label correlations and thus overcoming the label independence problem. In addition to changes in the item ordering  , incremental updating may also lead to the introduction of new items in the tree. Tree root selection: After initialization  , in a join query with n triple patterns  , we sort all the triple patterns first in the order of increasing number of triples associated with them. Join indexes can now be fully described. This is confirmed in the corresponding reduced plan diagram where the footprints disappear. Kl'I'S83  , on the ollwr hand  , concentrates on the speed of the sort-engine and no1 the overall performance of the Grace hash-join algot-ithm. Then the Hilbert value ranges delineated by successive pairs of end marker values in the sorted list have the prop erty that they are fully contained within one block at each level of each participating tree. Can we use some sort of task lattice or tree  , to represent and interface the distributed tasks underway towards goals and subgoals ? For multidimensional index structures like R-trees  , the question arises what kind of ordering results in the tree with best search performance. STON89 describes how the XPRS project plans on utilizing parallelism in a shared-memory database machine. These services include structured sequential files  , B' tree indices  , byte stream files as in UNIX  , long data items  , a sort utility  , a scan mechanism  , and concurrency control based on file and page lock- ing. It may be worth to point out  , however  , that prior research has suggested employing B-tree structures even for somewhat surprising purposes  , e.g. The groups of hits were ranked based on the Panoptic rank of their top document; the Panoptic ranks were also used to sort hits within each group. However  , if segmentation is performed separately after Kd-tree search finishes  , additional time is required to sort the data points whose computational time is ether ON  or OK log K where K is the number of the data points found within the hyper-sphere. At each level of this hierarchy   , only a single B+-tree exists unless a merge is currently performed   , which creates temporary trees. The functions insert and insert-inv receives the " abstract " bodies defined there. For example  , AlphaSort 18  , a shared-memory based parallel external sort  , uses quicksort as the sequential sorting kernel and a replacement-selection tree to merge the sorted subsets. The services provided by WiSS include sequential files  , byte-stream files as in UNIX  , B+ tree indices  , long data items  , an external sort utility  , and a scan mechanism. Then  , it analyzes the available indexes and returns one or more candidate physical plans for the input sub-query. After we sort the succeeding samples at each node in the tree  , the last several branches are likely to be pruned by strategy 3 because they contain only those samples that have the least increase in coverage. For a particular class of star join queries  , the authors investigate the usage of sort-merge joins and a set of other heuristic op- timizations. We can see that subsets having larger coverage are searched first in this case. For each request see Figure 2  , an access path generation module first identifies the columns that occur in sargable predicates  , the columns that are part of a sort requirement   , and the columns that are additionally referenced in complex predicates or upwards in the query tree. In the context of non-traditional index structures  , the method of bulk loading also has a serious impact on the search quality of the index. Different maximal OTSP sets are incorporated in different branches of the tree. Next  , a top-down pass is made so that required order properties req are propagated downwards from the root of the tree. The reason for this behavior is that both plans are of roughly equal cost  , with the difference being that in plan P2  , the SUPPLIER relation participates in a sort-mergejoin at the top of the plan tree  , whereas in P7  , the hash-join operator is used instead at the same location. For example  , with reference to Figure 2: if the cursor lies within the framed region  , then an R command will replace Figure 2with Figure 1; if the cursor is outside the framed region  , then an R command with replace Figure 2with "queen problem" The D command allows the cursor to go beyond the boundary of the current abstraction  , a sort of return command for an abstraction. In a data warehouse environment where the dimensions are quite different and hence it may be difficult to come up with a well-defined Hilbert-value it might still be better to select a dimension and to sort the data according to this dimension KR 98. A sequential file is a sequence of records that may vary in length up to one page and that may be inserted and deleted at arbitrary locations within a file  , Optionally  , each file may have one or more associated indices that map key values to the record identifiers of the records in the file that contain a matching value. £ View matching must be integrated with cost-based plan enumeration. However  , there are a number of requirements that differ from the traditional materialized view context. When tuples are deleted from a view or a relation  , the effect must be propagated to all " higher-level " views defined on the view/relation undergoing the deletion. First we illustrate the problem and its solution in the presence of hash indices or in the absence of indices on the materialized view. Thus  , for materialized views  , it may be adequate to limit support to a subclass of common operations where view substitution has a large query execution payoff. However  , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets and is different from the traditional method of using materialized views to answer queries. In the sequel all derived relations are assumed to be materialized  , unless stated otherwise. Thus  , an important question originally considered in TB88  , Hu96   , which was never raised in traditional view-maintenance work  , is to determine whether a view is maintainable  , that is  , guaranteed to have a unique new state  , given an update to the base relations   , an instance of the views  , and an instance of a subset of the base relations. A derived relation may be virtual  , which corresponds to the traditional concept of a view  , or materialized  , meaning that the relation resulting from evaluating the expression over the current database instance is actually stored. For example  , consider the following two queries: In general  , the design philosophy of our method is to achieve a reasonable balance between efficiency and detection capability. After enough information about previously-executed  , empty-result queries has been accumulated in C aqp   , our method can often successfully detect empty-result queries and avoid the expensive query execution. While view materialization is well understood for traditional relational databases  , it remains an active research for XML and RDF stores. Hence  , in certain cases  , the coverage detection capability of our method is more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method. Such situations never arise in traditional work on materialized view maintenance GM95  , Kuc91  , GMS93  , SJ96 where all the base data is usually assumed to be available . DBMSs are being used more and more for interactive exploration 7  , 14  , 37  , where users keep refining queries based on previous query results. In this section  , we illustrate the split group duplicate problem that arises if we ignore this subtle difference between materialized view maintenance and the " traditional " associative/commutative update problems studied by Korth Kor83 and others. The first and simplest level is trying RaPiD7 out according to the general idea of RaPiD7. Typically  , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7  , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. Furthermore  , JAD sessions are always somewhat formal  , whereas RaPiD7 sessions vary in formality depending on the case. Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist  , too. However  , RaPiD7 is not focusing on certain artifacts or phases of software development  , and actually does not state which kind of documents or artifacts could be produced using the method  , but leaves this to the practitioner of the method. JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents  , 7 steps. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. Three different levels of achievement can be perceived in implementing RaPiD7. In the following  , two approaches  , namely JAD and Agile modeling  , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. Although the methods resemble each other in many ways  , the differences are evident. This can be perceived from results already. On the other hand  , formal RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions can be quite alike. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. The obvious similarity with RaPiD7 is the idea of having well structured meetings in RaPiD7 called workshops in order to work out system details. This is probably why more efforts are put into the preparation work when using JAD  , and why with JAD the typical " from preparation to a finished document -time " is longer than with RaPiD7. Although it might be difficult to get people to change their ways of doing everyday work  , typically the teams trying out RaPiD7 for some time would not give up using it. The goal in RaPiD7 is to benefit the whole project by creating as many of the documents as possible using RaPiD7. The steps of RaPiD7 method are presented in figure 1. Specifically  , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. For the teams applying RaPiD7 systematically the reward is  , however  , significant. The people who would traditionally participate the inspections are the people who will participate the RaPiD7 workshops  , too. The last and final level is to utilize RaPiD7 in a full-scale software project  , and plan the documentation authoring in projects by scheduling consecutive workshops. On the other hand  , there is a clear and valid reason for the aforementioned hesitancy for the applicability of agile modeling. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. The cases differ by the time required  , the people participating the workshops and the techniques used in the workshops. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski  , Oula Heikkinen  , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. The workshops are well prepared  , and innovative brainstorming and problem solving methods are used. Furthermore  , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. Hundreds of people have been involved in making RaPiD7 as a working practice in Nokia. Joint application development JAD is a requirements-definition and user-interface design methodology according to Steve McConnell 4. However  , it suits best for documents that are not product-like in nature. By using RaPiD7 method  , the following benefits are expected to realize:  Artifacts and specifications will be produced in a relatively short time from couple of days to one week  Inspecting the documents will not be typically needed after the document has been authored in a workshop  Communication in projects will be easier and more effective  People can work more flexibly in teams as they all share the same information  The overall quality of artifacts and specifications will be improved  No re-work is needed and hence time is saved  Schedules for workshops in projects are known early enough to plan traveling efficiently  , and thus costs can be reduced 3URFHHGLQJVVRIIWKHWKK ,QWHUQDWLRQDO&RQIHUHQFHHRQ6RIWZDUHHQJLQHHULQJJ ,&6 ¶  , Workshop n. Finished Figure 2  , Creating a document using RaPiD7 RaPiD7 method can be applied for authoring nearly all types of documents. Invitation Figure 1  , Steps of RaPiD7 1 Preparation step is performed for each of the workshops  , and the idea is to find out the necessary information to be used as input in the workshops. Therefore  , the key issue seems to be getting the teams to try out RaPiD7 long enough to see the benefits realizing. Without the efforts of these users we would not have such good results nor would we have RaPiD7 as an institutionalized way of working. In addition  , agile modeling does not provide ways to plan the modeling sessions in your software projects whereas in JAD and RaPiD7 the planning is seen crucial for success. The first workshops  , when trying to find out the right approach for a specific document type  , are the most difficult ones. It is no surprise that these different methods provide and promote similar kind of techniques for effective documentation work. In addition  , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects. After all  , if projects are planned according to RaPiD7 methodology there will be a number of workshops to participate in. This usually requires approximately two to three days of work for the first workshop  , and a few hours for the following workshops. In JAD  , the general idea is to have a workshop or a set of workshops rather than having unlimited number of workshops throughout the project. On the other hand  , agile modeling provides a number of pragmatic ideas how to perform agile modeling sessions to produce certain kind of models. There are two possibilities to model them in BMEcat  , though. The current release is BMEcat 2005 12  , a largely downwards-compatible update of BMEcat 1.2. In the following  , we outline correspondences between elements of BMEcat and GoodRelations and propose a mapping between the BMEcat XML format and the GoodRelations vocabulary. BMEcat is a powerful XML standard for the exchange of electronic product catalogs between suppliers and purchasing companies in B2B settings. This is attractive  , because most PIM software applications can export content to BMEcat. Either the BMEcat supplier defines two separate features  , or the range values are encoded in the FVALUE element of the feature. Table 4outlines the mapping of catalog groups in BMEcat to RDF. For example most of the mentioned factors are implemented in the BMEcat standard 10. Given their inherent overlap  , a mapping between the models is reasonable with some exceptions that require special attention. Speaking of the allow-or-charge area  , the quantity scale defined in BMEcat is divided into the actual quantity scale and the functional discount that has to be applied  , too. Then we compare the product models obtained from one of the BMEcat catalogs with products collected from Web shops through a focused Web crawl. We chose to check for the number of shops offering products using a sample size of 90 random product EANs from BSH BMEcat. The most notable improvements over previous versions are the support of external catalogs and multiple languages  , and the consistent renaming of the ambiguous term ARTICLE to PRODUCT. We describe a conceptual mapping and the implementation of a respective software tool for automatically converting BMEcat documents into RDF data based on the GoodRelations vocabulary 9. We tested the two BMEcat conversions using standard validators for the Semantic Web  , presented in Section 3.1. The task consists of transforming the price-relevant information of a BMEcat catalog to xCBL. Table 2shows the BMEcat-2005-compliant mapping for product-specific details. Table 2adds an additional level of detail to the PRODUCT → PRODUCT DETAILS structure introduced in Fig. Furthermore  , multilanguage descriptions in BMEcat are handled properly  , namely by assigning corresponding language tags to RDF literals.   , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. The data element ARTICLE_PRICE_DETAILS can be used multiple with disjunctive intervals. BMEcat and OAGIS to the minimum models of cXML and RosettaNet is not possible. A set of completing  , typing information is added  , so that the number of tags becomes higher. With our approach  , a single tool can nicely bring the wealth of data from established B2B environments to the Web of Data. BMEcat allows to specify products using vendor-specific catalog groups and features  , or to refer to classification systems with externally defined categories and features. The mapping of product classes and features is shown in Table 3. The hierarchy is determined by the group identifier of the catalog structure that refers to the identifier of its parent group. In order to link catalog groups and products  , BMEcat maps group identifiers with product identifiers using PROD- UCT TO CATALOGGROUP MAP. The type of the tax is set to TurnoverTax  , since all taxes in BMEcat are by definition turnover taxes. In reality  , though  , it is common that suppliers of BMEcat catalogs export the unit of measurement codes as they are found in their PIM systems. This allowed us to validate the BMEcat converter comprehensively. Making more difficult is that today mainly low-level languages like XSLT and interactive tools e.g. An illustrative example of a catalog and its respective conversion is available online 7 . Accordingly  , products in GoodRelations are assigned corresponding classes from the catalog group system  , i.e. The dataset has a slight bias towards long-tail shops. Although the conversions completed without errors  , still a few issues could be detected in each dataset that we will cover subsequently. The converter has built-in check steps that detect common irregularities in the BMEcat data  , such as wrong unit codes or invalid feature values. requiring a minimum of 90 samples given the population of 1376 products in the BMEcat. First it is to be stated that from the view of price modeling BMEcat catalogs have a three-stage document structure: 1 The document header HEADER can be used for setting defaults for currency and territory  , naming the buyer and giving references to relevant In the example header we set the default currency  , name the buyer and refer to an underlying agreement with a temporal validity: If we look at the transformations  , we see different transformation types. The price factor of 0.95 of BMEcat is transferred to a discount by the formula PercentageFactor=PRICE_FACTOR -1. Additionally   , we identified examples that illustrate the problem scenario described relying on structured data collected from 2500+ online shops together with their product offerings. On the other side  , BMEcat does not explicitly discriminate types of features  , so features FEA- TURE  typically consist of FNAME  , FVALUE and  , optionally  , an FUNIT element. In addition to the manufacturer BMEcat files  , we took a real dataset obtained from a focused crawl whereby we collected product data from 2629 shops. For example  , in BMEcat the prices of a product are valid for different territories and intervals  , in different types and currencies  , but all prices relate to the same customer no multi-buyer catalogs. target formats can be executed loss-free; however  , this cannot be said in general for the transformation of a source to a target format. The first option defines a feature for the lower range value and a feature for the upper range value  , respectively. BMEcat2GoodRelations is a portable command line Python application to facilitate the conversion of BMEcat XML files into their corresponding RDF representation anchored in the GoodRelations ontology for e-commerce. To evaluate our proposal  , we implemented two use cases that allowed us to produce a large quantity of product model data from BMEcat catalogs. This ready-to-use solution comes as a portable command line tool that converts product master data from BMEcat XML files into their corresponding OWL representation using GoodRelations. To date  , product master data is typically passed along the value chain using Business to Business B2B channels based on Electronic Data Interchange EDI standards such as BMEcat catalog from the German Federal Association for Materials Management  , Purchasing and Logistics 3  12. Finally  , we show the potential leverage of product master data from manufacturers with regard to products offered on the Web. In the case of Weidmüller  , the conversion result is available online 11 . The number of product models in the BSH was 1376 with an average count of 29 properties  ,  while the Weidmüller BMEcat consisted of 32585 product models with 47 properties on average created by our converter. By contrast  , the nearly 2.7 million product instances from the crawl only contain eleven properties on average. To compare the price models of the selected standard  , we show the six determining factors in table 3. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. to represent a navigation structure in a Web shop. In this paper  , we propose to use the BMEcat XML standard as the starting point to make highly structured product feature data available on the Web of Data. Furthermore  , the mapping at product level allows to specify the manufacturer part number  , product name and description  , and condition of the product. Depending on the language attribute supplied along with the DESCRIPTION SHORT and DESCRIPTION LONG elements in BMEcat 2005  , multiple translations of product name and description can be lang={en  , de  , . Instead of adhering to the standard 3-letter code  , they often provide different representations of unit symbols  , e.g. To remain in the scope of the use cases discussed  , the examples are chosen from the BSH BMEcat products catalog  , within the German e-commerce marketplace. Using the sample of EANs  , we then looked up the number of vendors that offer the products by entering the EAN in the search boxes on Amazon.de  , Google Shopping Germany  , and the German comparison shopping site preissuchmaschine.de 16 . For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers  , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels  , product classes  , properties  , value instances  , and top-level classes for each product ontology. Such standards can significantly help to improve the automatic exchange of data. Whether the European Article Number EAN or the Global Trade Item Number GTIN is mapped depends on the type-attribute supplied with the BMEcat element. The presence of the FUNIT element helps to distinguish quantitative properties from datatype and qualitative properties  , because quantitative values are determined by numeric values and units of measurements  , e.g. All interested merchants have then the possibility of electronically publishing and consuming this authoritative manufacturer data to enhance their product offerings relying on widely adopted product strong identifiers such as EAN  , GTIN  , or MPN. Due to the limited length of this paper   , we refer readers to the project landing page hosting the open source code repository 8   , where they can find a detailed overview of all the features of the converter  , including a comprehensive user's guide. Our proposal can manifest at Web scale and is suitable for every PIM system or catalog management software that can create BMEcat XML product data  , which holds for about 82% of all of such software systems that we are aware of  , as surveyed in 17. The rise of B2B e-commerce revealed a series of new information management challenges in the area of product data integration 5 ,13. Another data quality problem reported is the usage of non-uniform codes for units of measurement  , instead of adhering to the recommended 3-letter UN/CEFACT common codes e.g. " Furthermore  , it can minimize the proliferation of repeated  , incomplete  , or outdated definitions of the same product master data across various online retailers; by means of simplifying the consumption of authoritative product master data from manufacturers by any size of online retailer. To test our proposal  , we converted a representative real-world BMEcat catalog of two well-known manufacturers and analyzed whether the results validate as correct RDF/XML datasets grounded in the GoodRelations ontology. The latter can take advantage of both product categorization standards and catalog group structures in order to organize types of products and services and to contribute additional granularity in terms of semantic de- scriptions 19. In that sense  , BMEcat2GoodRelations is to the best of our knowledge the only solution developed with open standards  , readily available to both manufacturers and retailers to convert product master data from BMEcat into structured RDF data suitable for publication and consumption on the Web of Data. However  , this optimization can lead to starvation of certain types of transactions. The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with single-point contact. to increase efficiency or the field's yield  , in economic or environmental terms. The optimization problem presented in Section II is strongly limited by local mimima see Section IV-B for examples. It is applicable to a variety of static and dynamic cost functions   , such as distance and motion time. It combines a global combinatorial optimization in the position space with a local dynamic optimization to yield the global optimal path. For some scenarios  , our strategies yield provably optimal plans; for others the strategies are heuristic ones. Otherwise  , the resulting plans may yield erroneous results. The carry-over optimization can yield substantial reductionq in the number of lock requests per transaction . The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with two-point contact. Why this popular approach does not often yield the least deviation is explained by example. The optimization yields the optimal path and exploits the available kinematic and actuator redundancy to yield optimal joint trajectories and actuator forces/torques. Other  , more sophisticated IBT approaches using the maximum subsequence optimization may still yield improvement  , but we leave this as future work. In this paper  , only triangular membership functions are coded for optimization. Since this type of predictions involve larger temporal horizons and needs to use both the controller organization and modalities  , it may yield larger errors. In 5 some numeric values for the components of the joint axis vectors and distance vectors to the manipulator tip were found  , for whiclr the Jacobian matrices have condition numbers of 1. However  , they become computationally expensive for large manufacturing lines i.e. ii it discards immediately irrelevant tuples. The original query is transformed into syntactically different  , but semantically equivalent t queries  , which may possibly yield a more efficient execution planS. The recursive optimization techniques  , when applied to small manufacturing lines  , yield the solution with reasonable computational effort. Many optimization methods were also developed for group elevator scheduling. Reusing existing GROUP BY optimization logic can yield an efficient PIVOT implementation without significant changes to existing code. As a consequence  , for a given problem the rule-based optimization always yield to the same set of solutions. Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. This gives the opportunity of performing an individual  , " customized " optimization for both streams. In our case online position estimates of the mapping car can be refined by offline optimization methods Thrun and Montemerlo  , 2005 to yield position accuracy below 0.15 m  , or with a similar accuracy onboard the car by localizing with a map constructed from the offline optimization. second optimization in conjunction with uces the plan search space by using cost-based heuristics. 2 Performance stability: Caret-optimized classifiers are at least as stable as classifiers that are trained using the default settings. Finally  , we would like to emphasize that we do not seek to claim the generalization of our results. Our measurements prove that our optimization technique can yield significant speedups  , speedups that are better in most cases than those achieved by magic sets or the NRSU-transformation. The joint motion can be obtained by local optimization of a single performance criterion or multiple criteria even though local methods may not yield the best joint trajectory. Some of them suppose a particular geometry planar or with three intersecting axes  , others a fixed kinematic joint type or general mobilities  or even no constraints in the optimization no obstacle avoidance for instance. The primary advantage over the implicit integration method of Anitescu and Potra is the lower running time that such alternative methods can yield  , as the results in Table Ican testify. The method is based on looking at the kinematic parameters of a manipulator as the variables in the problem  , and using methods of constrained optimization to yield a solution. This method consists of a hierarchical search for the best path in a tessellated space  , which is used as the initial conditions for a local path optimization to yield the global optimal path. However  , this requires that the environment appropriately associate branch counts and other information with the source or that all experiments that yield that information be redone each time the source changes. Further research into query optimization techniques for Ad-Hoc search would be fruitful: this would also require an investigation into the trade offs with respect to effectiveness and efficiency found with such techniques. While this method works for relatively low degree-of-freedom manipulators  , there is a 'cross over' point beyond which the problem becomes overdetermined   , and an exact solution cannot be guaranteed. These benefits include verification of architectural constraints on component compositions  , and increased opporttmities for optimization between components. In addition  , applications that use these services do not have the ability to pick and choose optional features  , though new optimization techniques may remove unused code from the application after the fact 35. Moreover  , a fixed point for each motion primitive By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. Then we use: The same optimization except for the absorption of new would yield a structuring scheme which creates objects only for lm aliases. This is an important optimization since indeed the volumes in each time interval yield a sparse vector. They are more suitable for real-time control in a sensor-based control environment. In order to verify that the optimization results do indeed yield a gear box mechanism that produces in-phase flapping that is maintained even during asymmetric wing motion  , a kinematic evaluation was conducted by computational simulation and verified by experiment. Now  , the optimization problem reduces to estimating the coefficients by maximizing the log-posterior which is the sum of the log-likelihood Eq. It eliminates the main weakness of the NRSU-transformation: it works even when input arguments are variables  , not constants   , and hence it can be applied to far more calls in deductive database programs. Subsequent optimization steps then work on smaller subsets of the data Below  , we briefly discuss the CGLS and Line search procedures. The final results show Q2 being used for root-finding instead of optimization. By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. The multitask case was thought to be more demanding because more obstacles and paths must be accommodated using the same  , limited parameter space that was used individual task optimization  , meaning that the number of well fit solutions should decrease markedly. Since optimization of queries is expensive   , it is appropriate that we eliminate queries that are not promising  , i.e. The following table lists all combinations of metric and distance-combining function and indicates whether a precomputational scheme is available ++  , or  , alternatively   , whether early abort of distance combination is expected to yield significant cost reduction +: distance-combining func But IO-costs dominate with such queries  , and the effect of the optimization is limited. However  , to increase opportunities for optimization   , all AQ i are combined into one audit query AQ whose output is a set of query identifiers corresponding to those AQ i that yield non-empty results. In contrast  , last criterion   , which is typical of schemes generally seen in the robotics literature  , yields analytical expressions for the trajectory and locally-optimal solutions for joint rates and actuator forces. Subsequently  , the starting parameters which yield the best optimization result of the 100 trials is taken as global optimium. Autonomic computing is a grand challenge  , requiring advances in several fields of science and technology  , particularly systems  , software architecture and engineering  , human-system interfaces  , policy  , modeling  , optimization  , and many branches of artificial intelligence such as planning  , learning  , knowledge representation and reasoning  , multiagent systems  , negotiation  , and emergent behavior. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantial benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. The rationale of using M codebooks instead of single codebook to approximate each input datum is to further minimize quantization error  , as the latter is shown to yield significantly lossy compression and incur evident performance drop 30  , 3. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantially benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. Que TwigS TwigStack/PRIX from 28  , 29 / ToXinScan vs. X that characterize the ce of an XML query optimizer that takes conjunction with two summary pruning ugmented with data r provides similar se of system catalog information in optimization strategy  ,   , which reduces space by identifying at contain the query a that suggest that  , can easily yield ude. the necessary hard constraints have been applied to yield a feasible solution space defined on the PCM  , any path on the PCM  , from the point corresponding to the initial position of the robot to a point on the T G S   , will give rise to a valid solution for the interception problem. will not yield an autonomic computing system unless the elements share a set of common behaviors  , interfaces and interaction patterns that are demonstrably capable of engendering system-level selfmanagement . Unlike previous work  , we conduct a novel study of retrievalbased automatic conversation systems with a deep learning-torespond schema via deep learning paradigm. Deep learning with bottom-up transfer DL+BT: A deep learning approach with five-layer CAES and one fully connected layer. Deep learning with no transfer DL 14: A deep learning approach with five convolutional layers and three fully connected layers. However  , using deep learning for temporal recommendation has not yet been extensively studied. When further integrating transfer learning to deep learning  , DL+TT  , DL+BT and DL+FT achieve better performance than the DL approach. In this paper  , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. Our approach provides a novel point of view to Wikipedia quality classification. Besides  , the idea of deep learning has motivated researchers to use powerful generative models with deep architectures to learn better discriminative models 21. 42 proposed deep learning approach modeling source code. This shows stronger learning and generalization abilities of deep learning than the hand-crafted features. Our learning to rank method is based on a deep learning model for advanced text representations using distributional word embeddings . Meanwhile   , other machine learning methods can also reach the accuracy more than 0.83. 23 took advantage of learning deep belief nets to classify facial action units in realistic face images. The relation between deep learning and emotion is given in Sect. Recent developments in representation learning deep learning 5 have enabled the scalable learning of such models. We use a variation of these models 28  to learn word vector representation word embeddings that we track across time. We consider MV-DNN as a general Deep learning approach in the multi-view learning setup. Many researchers recognize that even exams tend to evaluate surface learning   , and that deep learning is not something that would surface until long after a course has finished 5 . We propose the DL2R system based on three novel insights: 1 the integration of multidimension of ranking evidences  , 2 context-based query reformulations with ranked lists fusion  , and 3 deep learning framework for the conversational task. Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. Additionally  , we report the results from a recent deep learning system in 38 that has established the new state-of-the-art results in the same setting. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in Figure 4. Allamanis and Sutton 3 trains n-gram language model a giga-token source code corpus. When dealing with small amounts of labelled data  , starting from pre-trained word embeddings is a large step towards successfully training an accurate deep learning system. First  , was the existing state of the art  , Flat-COTE  , significantly better than current deep learning approaches for TSC ? Second  , we propose reducing the visual appearance gap by applying deep learning techniques. On the other hand  , the deep learning-based approaches show stronger generalization abilities. Some of them are deep cost of learning and large size of action-state space. Then  , we learn the combinations of different modalities by multi kernel learning. Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos  , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. for which the discontinuities only remain for the case of deep penetrations. However  , despite its impressive performance Flat-COTE has certain deficiencies. We introduce the recent work on applications of deep learning to IR tasks. Together with the self-learning knowledge base  , NRE makes a deep injection possible. 27 empirically showed that having more queries but shallow documents performed better than having less queries but deep documents. The stacked autoencoder as our deep learning architecture result in a accuracy of 0.91. Next  , we describe our deep learning model and describe our experiments. Word2Vec 6 provides vector representation of words by using deep learning. Our future work will study emotion-specific word embeddings for lexicon construction using deep learning. scoring  , and ranked list fusion. In the future we plan to apply deep learning approach to other IR applications  , e.g. Our work is taking advantage of deep models to extract robust facial features and translate them to recognize facial emotions. In our work we propose a novel deep learning approach extended from the Deep Structured Semantic Models DSSM 9 to map users and items to a shared semantic space and recommend items that have maximum similarity with users in the mapped space. In this paper we address the aforementioned challenges through a novel Deep Tensor for Probabilistic Recommendation DTPR method. The instance learning method presented in the paper has been experimentally evaluated on a dataset of 100 Deep Web Pages randomly selected from most known Deep Web Sites. Table 1reports the precision  , recall and F-measure calculated for the proposed method. In addition  , a comparison between a state-of-the-art BoVW approach and our deep multi-label CNN was performed on the publicly available  , fully annotated NUSWIDE scene dataset 7 . learn to extract a meaningful representation for each review text for different products using a deep learning approach in an unsupervised fashion 9. Deep learning with full transfer DL+FT i.e.  We introduce a deep learning model for prediction. For each of the features  , we describe our motivation and the method used for extraction below. The mentorship dataset is collected from 16 famous universities such as Carnegie Mellon and Stanford in the field of computer science. In this paper  , we propose a " deep learning-to-respond " framework for open-domain conversation systems. Given a query with context  , the proposed model would return a response—which has the highest overall merged ranking score F. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema.  Deep Learning-to-Respond DL2R. Using deep learning approaches for recommendation systems has recently received many attentions 20  , 21  , 22. It yielded semantically accurate results and well-localized segmentation maps. In this experiment  , the magazine page detection time is measured for four scenarios with all 4 types of features. Deep learning has recently been proposed for building recommendation systems for both collaborative and content based approaches. In Sections 4 and 5  , we introduce the detailed mechanisms of contextual query reformulation and the deep learning-to-respond architecture. We demonstrate that Flat-COTE is significantly better than both deep learning approaches. However  , the current state of the art is confirmed to be Flat-COTE and our next objective is to evaluate whether HIVE-COTE is a significant improvement. First  , we have designed an ontology specific for personal photos from 10 ,000 active users in Flickr. Deep learning with top-down transfer DL+TT: The same architecture and training set as DL except for the ontology priors embedded in the top  , fully connected layer. Our model also outperforms a deep learning based model while avoiding the problem of having to retrain embeddings on every iteration. This ranking based objective has shown to be better for recommendation systems 9. We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques  , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . To assess the effectiveness and generality of our deep learning model for text matching  , we apply it on tweet reranking task. The framework can integrate other information such as reviewer's information  , product information  , etc. The learned representations can be used in realizing the tasks  , with often enhanced performance . In the second phase  , we trained the DNN model on the training set by using tensorflow 8   , the deep learning library from Google. The proposed deep learning model was applied to the data collected from the Academic Genealogy Wiki project. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 40 . In addition  , deep learning technologies can be implemented in further research. As mentioned earlier weather data has many specific characteristics which depend on time and spatial location. Core concepts are the critical ideas necessary to support deep science learning and understanding. On the second task  , our model demonstrates that previous state-of-the-art retrieval systems can benefit from using our deep learning model. This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 11. We implement a CNN using a common framework and conduct experiments on 85 datasets. Here we adopted an approach similar to 46  , but with a topic model that enhances submission correctness and provides a self-learning knowledge expansion model. Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema. Therefore   , all these heterogeneous ranking evidences are integrated together through the proposed Deep Learning-to-Respond schema. Given a human-issued message as the query  , our proposed system will return the corresponding responses based on a deep learning-to-respond schema. We believe that having an explicit symbolic representation is an advantage to vector-based models like deep learning because of direct interpretability . We presented a deep learning methodology for human part segmentation that uses refinements based on a stack of upconvolutional layers. A widely used method for traffic speed prediction is the autoregressive integrated moving average ARIMA model 1. In this paper  , we proposed a novel deep learning method called eRCNN for traffic speed prediction of high accuracy. Our work seeks to address two questions: first  , is Flat-COTE more accurate than deep learning approaches for TSC ? In the following  , we give a problem formulation and provide a brief overview of learning to rank approaches. Consequently we decided to instead identify evidence of 'critical thinking' by capturing the transcripts of the students' communication events and by interviewing them on their perceptions of the benefits of the technologies. We first point out when we apply deep learning to the problems  , we in fact learn representations of natural language in the problems. While our model allows for learning the word embeddings directly for a given task  , we keep the word matrix parameter W W W static. We propose several effective and scalable dimensionality reduction techniques that reduce the dimension to a reasonable size without the loss of much information. This section explains our deep learning model for reranking short text pairs. In this paper  , we present a novel framework for learning term weights using distributed representations of words from the deep learning literature. Instead of relying solely on the anomalous features and extracting them greedily  , we have used deep learning approach of learning and subsequently reducing the feature set. Recent  , deep learning has shown its success in feature learning for many computer vision problem  , You et al. The research goal of the project is to test the hypothesis that this deep customization can lead to dramatic improvements in teaching and learning. We motivate the framework by adopting the word vectors to represent terms and further to represent the query due to the ability to represent things semantically of word vectors. The characteristics of requiring very little engineering by hand makes it easily discover interesting patterns from large-scale social media data.  Deep hashing: Correspondence Auto-Encoders CorrAE 5 8 learns latent features via unsupervised deep auto-encoders  , which captures both intra-modal and inter-modal correspondences   , and binarizes latent features via sign thresholding. The method is based on: i a novel positional document object model that represents both spatial and visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of Web browser in rendered Deep Web pages; ii a novel visual similarity measure that exploit the rectangular cardinal relation spatial model for computing visual similarity between nodes of the PDOM.  Supervised hashing: Cross-Modal Similarity-Sensitive Hashing CMSSH 6 5  , Semantic Correlation Maximization SCM 28   , and Quantized Correlation Hashing QCH are supervised hashing methods which embed multimodal data into a common Hamming space using supervised metric learning. The model consists of several components: a Deep Semantic Structured Model DSSM 11 to model user static interests; two LSTM-based temporal models to capture daily and weekly user temporal patterns; and an LSTM temporal model to capture global user interests. DL + FT achieved the best Tag ranking DTL GFK DLFlickr DL DL+TT DL+BT DL+FT DL+withinDomain Figure 7: The top-N error rates of different approaches for tagging personal photos and an ideal performance obtained by training and testing on ImageNet denoted as DL+withinDomain. Specifically   , in our data sets with News  , Apps and Movie/TV logs  , instead of building separate models for each of the domain that naively maps the user features to item features within the domain  , we build a novel multi-view model that discovers a single mapping for user features in the latent space such that it is jointly optimized with features of items from all domains. We found that though our method gives results that are quite similar to the baseline case when prediction is done in 6 h before the event  , it gives significantly better performance when prediction is done 24 h and 48 h before the events. While the problemtailored heuristics and the search-oriented heuristics require deep knowledge on the problem characteristics to design problem-solving procedures or to specify the search space  , the learning-based heuristics try t o automatically capture the search control knowledge or the common features of good solutions t o solve the given problem. This paper focuses on the development of a learning-based heuristic for the MSP. Deep learning approaches generalize the distributional word matching problem to matching sentences and take it one step further by learning the optimal sentence representations for a given task. To address the above issues  , we present a novel transfer deep learning approach with ontology priors to tag personal photos. The main contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this paper is one of the first attempts to design a domain-specific ontology for personal photos and solve the tagging problem by transfer deep learning. This has certain advantages like a very fast training procedure that can be applied to massive amounts of data  , as well as a better understanding of the model compared to increasingly popular deep learning architectures e.g. Our deep learning model has a ranking based objective which aims at ranking positive examples items that users like higher than negative examples. We also showed how to extend this framework to combine data from different domains to further improve the recommendation quality. Despite the fact that most of the evaluation in this paper used proprietary data  , the framework should be able to generalize to other data sources without much additional effort as shown in Section 9 using a small public data set. To understand the content of the ad creative from a visual perspective  , we tag the ad image with the Flickr machine tags  , 17 namely deep-learning based computer vision classifiers that automatically recognize the objects depicted in a picture a person  , or a flower. Similar to our work  , to predict CTR for display ads  , 4 and 23 propose to exploit a set of hand-crafted image and motion features and deep learning based visual features  , respectively . Traditional Aesthetic Predictor: What if existing aesthetic frameworks were general enough to assess crowdsourced beauty ? We create a huge conversational dataset from Web  , and the crawled data are stored as an atomic unit of natural conversations: an utterance  , namely a posting  , and its reply. Till now  , we have validated that deep learning structures  , contextual reformulations and integrations of multi-dimensions of ranking evidences are effective. To give deep insights into the proposed model  , we illustrate these two aspects by using intuitive examples in detail. This work is a first step towards learning deep semantics of review content using skip-thought vectors in review rating prediction. At the same time it is not possible to tune the word embeddings on the training set  , as it will overfit due to the small number of the query-tweet pairs available for training. To effectively leverage supervised Web resource and reduce the domain gap between general Web images and personal photos  , we have proposed a transfer deep learning approach to discover the shared representations across the two domains. In order to scale the system up  , we propose several dimensionality reduction techniques to reduce the number of features in the user view. As a pilot study  , we believe that this work has opened a new door to recommendation systems using deep learning from multiple data sources. Given that the image features we consider are based on a state-ofthe-art deep learning library  , it is interesting to compare the performance of image-related features with a similar signal derived from the crowd. Data augmentation  , in our context  , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. To compute the similarity score we use an approach used in the deep learning model of 38  , which recently established new state-of-the-art results on answer sentence selection task. We model the mixedscript features jointly in a deep-learning architecture in such a way that they can be compared in a low-dimensional abstract space. We thus aim to apply an automatic feature engineering approach from deep learning in future works to automatically generate the correct ranking function. Moreover  , we aim to integrate HAWK in domain-specific information systems where the more specialized context will most probably lead to higher F-measures. The proposed approach is founded on: In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. With the recent success in many research areas 1   , deep learning techniques have attracted increasing attention. In contrast to 9  , which is applied to text applications  , we need to handle the high-dimensional problem of images  , which results in more difficulties. Such representations can guide knowledge transfer from the source to the target domain. The DNN ranker  , serving as the core of " deep learning-to-rank " schema  , models the relation between two sentences query versus context/posting/reply. The proposed method can find the equivalents of the query term across the scripts; the original query is then expanded using the thus found equivalents. In this work  , we propose a deep learning approach with a SAE model for mining advisor-advisee relationships. We want to semantify text by assigning word sense IDs to the content words in the document. Automatic learning of expressive TBox axioms is a complex task. In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. Viola and Jones 20  , 21 In recent years  , deep learning arouses academia and industrial attentions due to its magic in computer vision. We demonstrate that the standard approach is no better than dynamic time warping  , and both are significantly less accurate than the current state of the art. Specifically  , this paper has the following contributions:  We develop a supervised classification methodology with NLP features to outperform a deep learning approach . The high efficiency ensures an immediate response  , and thus the transfer deep learning approach with two modes can be adopted as a prototype model for real-time mobile applications  , such as photo tagging and event summarization on mobile devices. Accomplishing all this in a small project would be impossible if the team were building everything from scratch. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 15  , hence selecting educational resources that address these concepts is a critical task in supporting learners. Emerging new OCR approaches based on deep learning would certainly profit from the large set of training data. Additionally  , we note that a catalog of occurrences of glyphs can in itself be interesting  , for example to date or attribute printed works 2. More recently  , Wang and Wang 10  used deep leaning techniques which perform feature learning from audio signals and music recommendation in a unified framework. Finally  , many systems work with distributed vector representations for words and RDF triples and use various deep learning techniques for answer selection 10  , 31. In all of these works  , external resources are used to train a lexicon for matching questions to particular KB queries. However  , their model operates only on unigram or bigrams  , while our architecture learns to extract and compose n-grams of higher degrees  , thus allowing for capturing longer range dependencies. We present a joint NMF method which incorporates crowdbased emotion labels on articles and generates topic-specific factor matrices for building emotion lexicons via compositional semantics. In recent years  , alongside the enhancement of ASR technologies with deep learning 17  , various studies suggested advanced methods for voice search ASR and reported further performance enhancements. There is actually a series of variants of DL2R model with different components and different context utilization strategies. However   , while the word embeddings obtained at the previous step should already capture important syntactic and semantic aspects of the words they represent  , they are completely clueless about their sentiment behaviour. We are going to create JoBimText models 30 and extend those to interconnected graphs  , where we introduce new semantic relations between the nodes. A person can observe the existence and configuration of another persons body directly  , however all aspects of other people's minds must be inferred from observing their behaviour together with other information. Instance learning approaches exploit regularities available in Deep Web pages in terms of DOM structures for detecting data records and their data items. The previous study in 8 seeks to discover hidden schema model for query interfaces on deep Web. Recent IE systems have addressed scalability with weakly supervised methods and bootstrap learning techniques. Our techniques highlight the importance of low-level computer vision features and demonstrate the power of certain semantic features extracted using deep learning. In particular  , by training a neural language model 8  on millions of Wikipedia documents  , the authors first construct a semantic space where semantically close words are mapped to similar vector representations. This has a negative impact on the performance of our deep learning model since around 40% of the word vectors are randomly initialized. The learning component uses a data-driven and model-free approach for training the recurrent neural net  , which becomes an embedded part of a hybrid control scheme effective during execution. One of the challenges in studying an agent's understanding of others is that observed phenomena like behaviours can sometimes be explained as simple stimulus-response learning  , rather than requiring deep understanding. In this study  , we want to learn the weather attributes which are mainly in the form of real numbered values and thus have chosen stacked auto-encoder architecture of deep learning for the purpose. To summarize  , the contributions in this work are: 1 use rich user features to build a general-purpose recommendation system  , 2 propose a deep learning approach for content-based recommendation systems and study different techniques to scale-up the system  , 3 introduce the novel Multi-View Deep learning model to build recommendation systems by combining data sets from multiple domains  , 4 address the user cold start issue which is not well-studied in literature by leveraging the semantic feature mapping learnt from the multi-view DNN model  , and 5 perform rigorous experiments using four real-world large-scale data set and show the effectiveness of the proposed system over the state-of-the-art methods by a significantly large margin. Alternative solutions to this challenging problem were explored using a " Figure 1: Example of a PMR query and its relevant technote like " competition  , where several different research and development teams within IBM have explored various retrieval approaches including those that employ both state-of-theart and novel QA  , NLP  , deep-learning and learning-to-rank techniques. For each of the detectable objects  , the Flickr classifiers output a confidence score corresponding to the probability that the object is represented in the image. It breaks the task at hand into the following components: 1. a tensor construction stage of building user-item-tag correlation; 2. a tensor decomposition stage learning factors for each component mode; 3. a stage of tensor completion  , which computes the creativity value of tag pairs; and 4. a recommender stage that ranks the candidate items according to both precision and creative consideration . Hence  , in this paper we adopt a simple pointwise method to reranking and focus on modelling a rich representation of query-document pairs using deep learning approaches which is described next. The deep learning features outperform other features for the one-per-user and user-mix settings but not the user-specific setting. This result indicates that IdeaKeeper scaffoldings assisted students to focus on more important work than less salient activities in online inquiry. Even though  , in general  , changing the goal may lead to substantial modifications in the basins of attraction  , the expectation is that problems successfully dealt with in their first occurrence difficult cases reported for RPP are traps and deep local minima A general framework for learning in path planning has been proposed by Chen 8.  We investigate the relative importance of individual features  , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image  , another where each user has several thousand images  , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. Copyrights for third-party components of this work must be honored. Specifically  , in this work  , we propose a multi-rate temporal deep learning model that jointly optimizes long-term and short-term user interests to improve the recommendation quality. Table 4 shows that even by just using the user preferences among categories together with crowd-derived category information   , we can obtain an accuracy of 0.85 compared with 0.77 for Image+User features  , suggesting that crowdsourced image categorisation is more powerful than current image recognition and classification technology. 3 In this paper we propose a machine learning method that takes as input an ontology matching task consisting of two ontologies and a set of configurations and uses matching task profiling to automatically select the configuration that optimizes matching effectiveness. Recommendation systems and content personalization play increasingly important role in modern online web services. In this framework  , a slow  , globally effective planner is invoked when a fast but less effective planner fails  , and significant subgoal configurations found are remembered t o enhance future success chances of the fast planner. The rest of this paper is organized as following  , first we review major approaches in recommendation systems including papers that focus on the cold start problem in Section 2; in Section 3  , we describe the data sets we work with and detail the type of features we use to model the user and the items in each domain  , respectively. We then review the basic DSSM model and discuss how it could be extended for our setting in Section 4; in Section 5  , we introduce the multi-view deep learning model in details and discuss its advantages ; in Section 6  , we discuss the dimension reduction methods to scale-up the model; in Section 7  , 8  , 9 & 10  , we present a comprehensive empirical study; we finally conclude in Section 11 and suggest several future work. The softmax distribution has several important properties. For the second approach  , we applied the softmax action selection rules. After a document has been chosen it is removed from all rankings it occurs in and all softmax distributions are renormalized. cost function based on softmax function. The visible layer of the bottom-most RBM is character level replicated softmax layer as described in Section 4.2. A softmax regressor layer is connected to FC9 to output the label of input samples. Although it works well in a single dataset 9  , it will fail when thousands of locally unbalanced distance metrics are fused together. The CNN structure used in this paper is illustrated in Fig. The search logs used in this study consist of a list of querydocument pairs  , also known as clickthrough data. Thus the approximated objective function is: To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. Instead of picking the top document from that ranking  , like in TDI  , the document is drawn from a softmax distribution. In practice  , the probability of each action is evaluated using 12 and the highest-probability action is selected. The probability of observing the context word v given the pivot word w is defined by the softmax function: The learning goal is to maximize the ability of predicting context words for each pivot word in the corpus. PV-DBOW maps words and documents into low-dimension dense vectors. Under the bag-of-words assumption  , the generative probability of word w in document d is obtained through a softmax function over the vocabulary: Each document vector is trained to predict the words it contains. First  , the basic Skip-gram model is extended by inserting a softmax layer  , in order to add the word sentiment polarity. The probability of observing the central sentence s m ,t given the context sentences and the document is defined using the softmax function as given below. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. The fully connected hidden layer is and a softmax add about 40k parameters. CNNs are powerful classifiers due to their ability to automatically learn discriminative features from the input data. This is aimed at averting too long loops that would happen with simple greedy selection. To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. Similarly  , we define the probability of observing the document dm given the sentences present in it as follows. Sigmoid activation functions are used in the hidden layer and softmax in the output layer to ensure that outputs sum to one. While some approaches use special ranking loss layers 10  , we have extended the CNN architecture using a sigmoid layer instead of the softmax layer and a cross entropy loss function. Similar to 38  , we add an additional softmax layer upon the target language SAE that outputs the sentiment labels of the target language data. Then the labeled target language data in At are used to compute the backpropagated errors to tune the parameters in the target language SAE. We train the embeddings of the words in comments using skip-bigram model 10  with window size of 10 using hierarchical softmax training. For the embedding of comments we exploit the distributed memory model since it usually performs well for most tasks 8. For each leaf node  , there is a unique assigned path from the root which is encoded using binary digits. However  , directly optimizing the above objective function is impractical because the cost of computing the full softmax is proportional to the size of items |I|  , which is often extremely large. Then  , two paralleled embedding layers are set up in the same embedding space  , one for the affirmative context and the other for the negated context  , followed by their loss functions. The bottom-most RBM of our model  , which models the input terms  , is character-level variant of the replicated softmax RSM model presented in 28  for documents . Furthermore  , millions of training images are needed to build a deep CNN model from scratch. In application the input of the NN is the topic distribution of the query question according to latent topic model of the existing questions  , represented by θ Q *   , and its output is an estimate of its distribution in the QA latent topic model  , θ QA * . We plan to investigate these methods in future work. Instead of evaluating every distinct word or document during each gradient step in order to compute the sums in equations 9 and 10  , hierarchical softmax uses two binary trees  , one with distinct documents as leaves and the other with distinct words as leaves. In sequence-to-sequence generation tasks  , an LSTM defines a distribution over outputs and sequentially predicts tokens using a softmax function. Suppose we have the variational distribution: Therefore  , we carry out variational EM. However  , this approach utilizes our proposed inference correction during each round of variational inference. Variational EM alternates between updating the expectations of the variational distribution q and maximizing the probability of the parameters given the " observed " expected counts. For evaluation purposes the accuracy of predicted location is used. investigate how to perform variational EM for the application of learning text topics 33. MaxEntInf Pseudolikelihood EM PL-EM MaxEntInf : This is our proposed semi-supervised relational EM method that uses pseudolikelihood combined with the MaxEntInf approach to correct for relational biases. To maximize with respect to each variational parameter  , we take derivatives with respect to it and set it to zero. As with PL-EM Naive  , this method utilizes 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference  , 10 rounds of EM  , and maximizes the full PL. The inference is performed by Variational EM. While the E-step can be easily distributed  , the M-step is still centralized  , which could potentially become a bottleneck. The inference is done by Variational EM and the evaluation is done by measuring the accuracy of predicted location and showing anecdotal results. As CL-EM is known to be unstable 14   , we smooth the parameters at each iteration t. More specifically  , we estimate It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference. Maximizing the global parameters in MapReduce can be handled in a manner analogous to EM 33 ; the expected counts of the variational distribution generated in many parallel jobs are efficiently aggregated and used to recompute the top-level parameters. We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. First  , we used the data extracted from DBpedia consisting of the 52 numeric & textual data properties of the City class to test our proposed overall approach SemanticTyper. It is evident from experimental results that our approach has much higher label prediction accuracy and is much more scalable in terms of training time than existing systems. Despite the success  , most existing KLSH techniques only adopt a single kernel function. This result is further verified when we examine the result of KLSH-Weight  , which outperform both KLSH-Best and KLSH- Uniform. Second  , we address the limitation of KLSH. These observations show that it is very important to explore the power of multiple kernels for KLSH in some real-world applications. and adopts this combined kernel for KLSH. We further emphasized that it is of crucial importance to develop a proper combination of multiple kernels for determining the bit allocation task in KLSH  , although KLSH and MKLSH with naive use of multiple kernels have been proposed in literature.  KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels  , evaluate their mAP values on the training set  , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value.  KLSH-Weight: We evaluate the mAP performance of all kernels on the training set  , calculate the weight of each kernel w.r.t. KLSH provides a powerful framework to explore arbitrary kernel/similarity functions where their underlying embedding only needs to be known implicitly. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function  , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. Such an approach might not fully explore the power of multiple kernels. We first analyzed the theoretical property of kernel LSH KLSH. Kernelized LSH KLSH 23 addresses this limitation by employing kernel functions to capture similarity between data points without having to know their explicit vector representation. First of all  , their naive approach to combining multiple kernels simply treats each kernel equally  , which fails to fully explore the power of combining multiple diverse kernels in KLSH. In particular  , kernel-based LSH KLSH 23  was recently proposed to overcome the limitation of the regular LSH technique that often assumes the data come from a multidimensional vector space and the underlying embedding of the data must be explicitly known and computable. LSH has been extended to Kernelized Locality-Sensitive Hashing KLSH 16 by exploiting kernel similarity for better retrieval efficacy. Besides  , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 37 is the bit allocation optimization step to find the parameter b1  , . This significantly limits its application to many real-world image retrieval tasks 40  , 18  , where images are often analyzed by a variety of feature descriptors and are measured by a wide class of diverse similarity functions. Second  , their technique is essentially unsupervised   , which does not fully explore the data characteristics and thus cannot achieve the optimal indexing performance. Except for the LSH and KLSH method which do not need training samples  , for the unsupervised methods i.e. In the test stage  , we use 2000 random samples as queries and the rest samples as the database set to evaluate the retrieval performance. Path finding and sub-paths in breadth-first search 3. Neither pattern is a true depth-first or breadthfirst search pattern. To be efficient and scalable  , Frecpo prunes the futile branches and narrows the search space sharply. Here we use breadth-first search. 6  holds the objects during the breadth-first search. In practice  , forward selection procedures can be seen as a breadth-first search. In the mathematical literature  , breadth first search Is typically preferred. and search the other subranges breadth-first. for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. The greedy pattern represents the depth-first behavior  , and the breadth-like pattern aims to capture the breadth-first search behaviors.   , vn−1}  , where the indices are consistent with a breadth-first numbering produced by a breadth-first search starting at node v0 1 see Section 3.4.1 for a formal definition. The depth-first search instead of the breadth-first search is used because many previous studies strongly suggest that a depth-first search with appropriate pseudo-projection techniques often achieves a better performance than a breadth-first search when mining large databases. In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. We first conduct a breadth-first or depth-first search on the graph. However  , best-first search also has some problems. We compute the discrete plan as a tree using the breadth first search. Tabels 1 and 2 show that the breadth first search is exhaustive it finds solutions with one step fewer re- grasps. This will not always be feasible in larger domains  , and intelligent search heuristics will be needed. This amounts to a breadth first search of the frequent itemsets on a lattice. CLOSET 11 and CLOSET+ 16 adopt a depth-first  , feature enumeration strategy. We restrict the training pages to the first k pages when traversing the website using breadth first search. A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. This simple method worked out well in our experiments. ; the maximal number of states between the initial state and another state when traversing the TS in breadth-first search BFS height; the number of transitions starting from a state and ending in another state with a lower level when traversing the TS in breadth-first search Back lvl tr. The resulting path will have the minimum nilinher of turns i n it by definition of breadth-first search. During our previous experiments 13  , a bidirectional breadth first search proved to be the most efficient method in practice for finding all simple paths up to certain hop limit. The breadth-first search weighted by its distance from the reference keyframe is performed  , and the visited keyframes are registered in the temporary global coordinate system. The objects in UpdSeedD ,l are not directly density-reachable from each other. Johnson generalized it to other surface representations  , including NURBS  , by using a breadth-first search 9. Since coverage tends to increase with sequence length  , the DFS strategy likely finds a higher coverage sequence faster than the breadth-first search BFS. This is done by recursively firing co-author search tactics. Then  , we navigate in a breadth-first search manner through this classification. Two cases have to be distinguished. Starting from a random public user  , we iteratively built a mutual graph of users in a Breadth First Search BFS manner. b Matched loop segments will be included in LBA as breadth-first search will active the keyframes. Then we do breadth first search from the virtual node. The CWB searches for subject keywords through a breadth-first search of the tree structure. It downloads multiple pages typically 500 in parallel. This is done by querying DBpedia's SPARQL endpoint for concepts that have a relation with the given concept. Therefore Lye have the following result. We generate plans that minimize worst-case length by breadth-first AND/OR search Akella  11. Then we compute the single source shortest path from y using breadth first search. For each node visited do the following. We augmented this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method. For parts with different push functions  , a breadth-first search planner can be used to find a sensorless plan when one exists. In a breadth-first search approach the arrangement enumeration tree is explored in a top-bottom manner  , i.e. Each of the initial seed SteamIDs was pushed onto an Amazon Simple Queue Service SQS queue. Stopping criterion. We augment this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method to identify the expanded dataset. The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. Moreover  , breadth first search will find a shortest path  , whereas depth first makes no guarantees about the length of the counter example it will find. In Section 3.6.1  , we show that breadthfirst search appears to be more efficient than depth-first search. If a crawl is started from a single seed  , then the order in which pages will be crawled tends to be similar to a breadth first search through the link graph 27 the crawl seldom follows pure breadth first order due to crawler requirements to obey politeness and robots restrictions . Although breadth-first search crawling seems to be a very natural crawling strategy  , not all of the crawlers we are familiar with employ it. The experiments reported used a breadth first search till maximum depth 3 using the words falling in the synsets category. We believe that crawling in breadthfirst search order provides the better tradeoff. ×MUST generates the second smallest test suite containing the largest number of non-redundant tests and the smallest number of redundant tests Fig. When looking at search result behaviour more broadly we see that what browsing does occur occurs within the first page of results. If all words in a title or subtitle are search keywords  , too many subject keywords will be generated. We have introduced a set of effective pruning properties and a breadth-first search strategy  , StatApriori  , which implements them. In the first iteration  , only the reported invocations are considered  , starting with the most suspicious one working down to the least. These strategies typically optimize properties such as " deeper paths " in depth-first search  , " less-traveled paths " 35  , " number of new instructions covered " in breadth-first search  , or " paths specified by the programmer " 39. The differences between all strategies breadth-first  , random search  , and Pex's default search strategy were negligible. This Figure 4: Use of case inheritance search travels upwards in the hierarchy  , i.e. DFS may take very long to execute if it does not traverse the search space in the right direction. This list is used by the predictor to perform a breadth first search of the possible concepts representing the input text. We perform the pose graph optimization first  , to make all poses metric consistent. It is in fact a similar hybrid reasoning engine which is a combination of forward reasoning breadth-first and backward reasoning depth-first search. During prediction  , we explore multiple paths  , depending on the prediction of the MetaLabeler  , using either depth-first or breadth-first search. A second dimension entails elaborating on line 3. Surprisingly  , they did not find any significant variation in the way users examine search results on large and small displays. Because the expansion is breadth first  , the optimal trajectory will he the first one encountered that meets the desired uncertainty. Since large main memory size is available in Gigabytes  , current MFI mining uses depth first search to improve performance to find long patterns. Although breadth-first search does not differentiate Web pages of different quality or different topics  , some researchers argued that breadth-first search also could be used to build domain-specific collections as long as only pages at most a fixed number of links away from the starting URLs or starting domains are collected e.g. This method assumes that pages near the starting URLs have a high chance of being relevant. In practice  , it is closer to a depth-first search with some backtracking than to a breadth-first search. They conducted two experiments to determine whether users engaged in a more exhaustive " breadth-first " search meaning that users will look over a number of the results before clicking any  , or a " depth-first " search. For instance  , SAGE 28  uses a generational-search strategy in combination with simple heuristics  , such as flip count limits and constraint subsumption. Sine~ each node consists of only 24 bytes and the top-down search is closer to a depth-first search than a breadth-first search  , the amount of space required by the hierarchy n·odes is not excessive. In our experience of applying Pex on real-world code bases  , we identify that Pex cannot explore the entire program due to exponential path-exploration space. Which branching points are flipped next depends on the chosen search strategy  , such as depth-first search DFS or breadth-first search BFS. Its default download strategy is to perform a breadth-first search of the web  , with the following three modifications: 1. That is  , starting from the root pages of the selected sites we followed links in a breadth-first search  , up to 3 ,000 pages per site. After both connections are made  , we find a path in the roadmap between the two connection points using breadth-first search. In this case  , only one DFA in conjunction with a standard breadth first search is used to grow a single frontier of entities. We will denote this approximate Katz measure as aKatz throughout the rest of the paper. Any objects that are reached during the traversal are considered live and added to the tempLive set. To propagate the constraints on join variable bindings Property 2  , we walk over this tree from root to the leaves and backwards in breadth-first-search manner. This module contains multiple threads that work in parallel to download Web documents in a breadth-first search order. We observed that the similarity scores for the neighbours often is either very close to one  , or slightly above zero. The corresponding histogram is shown in Fig. By following the path with the minimum cost  , the robot is guided to the nearest accessible unknown region. See Figure 11for an example plan. Since the MFI cardinality is not too large MafiaPP has almost the time as Mafia for high supports. When determining the cases allowed for a given frame  , a breadth-first search of the case frame hierarchy collects the relevant cases. The backward search can be illustrated in Figure 4by traversing the graphs in reverse in a breadth-first manner. This " 3 ,000 page window " was decided for practical reasons. The crawl was breadth-first and stopped after one million html pages had been fetched. The predictor pops the top structure off of the queue and tries to extend it using the substantiator. Our solution combines a data structure based on a partial lattice  , and memoization of intermediate solutions. The number of traversals is bounded by the total number of elements in the model and view at hand. We used JPF's breadth-first search strategy  , as done for all systematic techniques in 28. Recall that we must regenerate the paths between adjacent roadmap nodes since they are not stored with the roadmap. This task is efficiently performed by an optimized implementation of the Breadth-first search BFS strategy through MapReduce 3. At running time we use the index to retrieve the paths whose sink node matches a keyword. An estimate of L was formed by averaging the paths in breadth first search trees over approximately 60 ,000 root nodes. This allowed us to perform bidirectional breadth first search to answer the connectivity question. Even this crawl was very time consuming  , especially when the crawler came across highly linked pages with thousands of in-and out-links e.g. Link types extracted include straight HREF constructs  , area and image maps  , and Javascript constants. Each term is mapped to a synset in WordNet and a breadth-first search along WordNet relations identifies related synsets. Sensorless plans  , which must bring all possible initial orientations to the same goal orientation  , are generated using breadth-first search in the space of representative actions. We determine these paths by breadth-first search throughG. Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. RBFS using h 0 = 0 behaves similarly to the breadth-first search. Then  , starting from this seed set  , we use the following five strategies to select five different account sets with the same selection size of k from the dataset 5 : random search RAND  , breath-first search BFS  , depthfirst search DFS  , random combination of breadth-first and depth-first search RBDFS 6   , and CIA. The existing thread has the additional topic node 413 which is about compression of inverted index for fast information retrieval. Each operation produces a temporary result which must be materialized and consumed by the next operation. bring the two parts to distinguishable states. The crawl started from the Open Directory's 10 homepage and proceeded in a breadth-first manner. Each of these subsets is identified using a breadth first search technique. We choose the appropriate face vector field and cell vector field for the two cases as described in Section IV. The trajectory design problem is solved by performing a pyramid  , breadth-first search. The search then proceeds in a breadth-first fashion with a crawling that is not limited to URL domain or file size. An efficient implementation can use a data structure like the tree shown in Figure 1to store the counters  Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . JPF is built around first  , breadth-first as well as heuristic search strategies to guide the model checker's search in cases where the stateexplosion problem is too severe 18. Therefore  , to perform concolic testing we need to bound the number of iterations of testme if we perform depth-first search of the execution paths  , or we need to perform breadth-first search. This simple but extremely flexible prioritization scheme includes as a special case the simpler strategies of breadth-first search i.e. A similar strategy was used by the Exodus rule-generated optimizer GDS ? In both studies  , users were significantly more likely to engage in the depthfirst strategy  , clicking on a promising link before continuing to view other abstracts within the results set. Thus pipelined and setoriented strategies have similar complexity on a DBGraph. On the other hand  , the depth-first search methods e.g. The search is guaranteed to halt since there are a finite number of equivalence classes and our search does not consider sequences with cycles. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l The main difference is that the candidates for further expansion are managed in a queue instead of a stack. We have chosen to search the LUB-tree hierarchy in a breadth-first manner  , as opposed to a depth-first search as in Quinlan 24 . Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. The number of possible choices of values of c and s that concolic testing would consider in each iteration is 17. Abstractly we view a program as a guarded-transition systems and analyze transition sequences. If its implementation is such that the least recent state is chosen  , then the search strategy is breadth-first. Let's consider how the FI-combine see Figure 2 routine works  , where the frequency of an extension is tested. For each top ranked search result  , they performed a limited breadth first search and found that searching to a distance of 4 resulted in the best performance. For example  , the mean number of nodes accessed in the top-down search of the complete link hierarchy for the INSPEC collection is 873 requiring only 20 ,952 bytes of core. As indicated above  , there are basically two ways in which the search tree can be traversed We can use either a breadth first search and explicit subset tests Apriori or a depth first search and intersections of transaction lists Eclat. The MSN Search crawler discovers new pages using a roughly breadth-first exploration policy  , and uses various importance estimates to schedule recrawling of already-discovered pages. Therefore   , pages crawled using such a policy may not follow a uniform random distribution; the MSN Search crawler is biased towards well-connected  , important  , and " high-quality " pages. The second tool  , Meta Spider  , has similar functionalities as the CI Spider  , but instead of performing breadth-first search on a particular website  , connects to different search engines on the Internet and integrates the results. We make use of relations such as synonym  , hypernym  , hyponym  , holonym and meronym and restrict the search depth to a maximum of two relations. Our results explain their finding by showing that relevant documents are found within a distance of 5 or are as likely to be found as non-relevant documents. In this graph  , subsequent actions are connected  , and TransferReceive / TransferSend actions are additionally connected to each other's subsequent actions. Through several recent independent evaluations 17  , 6  , it is now well accepted that a prefix tree-based data set representation typically outperforms both the horizontal and the vertical data set representations for support counting. The existing methods essentially differ in the data structures used to " index " the database to facilitate fast enumeration. During this search  , we check that the newly introduced transfer does not induce a cycle of robots waiting for each other by performing breadth first search on the graph formed by the robot's plans. A node in the tree contains the set of orientations consistent with the push-align operations along the path to the node. The documents retrieved by the web browsers of focused crawlers are validated before they are stored in a repository or database. The experiments described in this paper demonstrate that a crawler that downloads pages in breadth-first search order discovers the highest quality pages during the early stages of the crawl. For example  , the Internet Archive crawler described in 3  does not perform a breadthfirst search of the entire web; instead  , it picks 64 hosts at a time and crawls these hosts in parallel. If a winning path exists  , then the path represents the search schedule for the two pursuers. To guide the search  , we work backward from a unique final orientation toward a range of orientations of size 27r  , which corresponds to the full range of uncertainty in initial part orientation. Links are explored from the starting page in breadth-first search using order of discovery for links at the same depth. The breadth-first search implies that density-connections with the minimum number of objects requiring the minimum number of region queries are detected first. The preponderance of diagonal path lines is due to the search being 8-connected  , and being breadth-first. The search can be performed in a breadth-first or depth-first manner  , starting with more general shorter sequences and extending them towards more specific longer ones. All experiments in this section use the breadth-first search strategy. Text is provided for convenience. We note that for every fixed query a node assignment requiring no calls to updateP ath always exists: simply label the nodes in order discovered by running breadth-first search from s. However  , there is no universally optimal assignment — different queries yield different optimum assignments. Focused crawling  , on the other hand  , attempts to order the URLs that have been discovered to do a " best first " crawl  , rather than the search engine's " breadth-first " crawl. " Generalised search engines that seek to cover as much proportion of the web as possible usually implement a breadth-first BRFS or depth-first A. Rauber et al. MaxMiner also first uses dynamic reordering which reorder the tail items in the increasing order of their supports. The itemset search space traversal strategy that is used is depth-first 18  , breadth-first 2  , or based on the pattern-growth methodology 22. After the push function is used to partition the space of push directions into equivalence classes  , we perform a breadth-first search of push combinations to find a fence design. l A split situation is in general the more expensive case because theparts of the cluster to be split actually have to be discovered. For each public user  , we first counted the number of protected mutual neighbours as well as the ratio of protected to all mutual neighbours. The arrangement enumeration tree is created as described above  , using the set of operands defined in Section 2 and it is traversed using either breadth-first or depth-first search. The effect of search pruning at all Rtree levels is that  , starting from the top level  , the two nodes  , one from each R-tree  , are only traversed for join computation if the MBRs of their parent nodes overlap . However  , if all violations go through a small set of nodes that are not encountered on the early selected paths or these nodes get stuck on the bottom of the worklist  , then it may be worse than breadth first search. Instead  , we can set parameters which we term the window's breadth and depth  , named analogously to breadth-first and depth-first search  , which control the number of toponyms in the window and the number of interpretations examined for each toponym in the window  , respectively. Otherwise  , the planner identifies the set of " boundary conditions " for the search  , namely:  The search for a sequence of regrasp operations proceeds by forward chaining from the set of initial gpg triples performing an evaluated breadth-first search in the space of compatible gpg triples. Beam-search is a form of breadth-first search  , bounded both in width W and depth D. We use parameters D = 4 to find descriptions involving at most 4 conjunctions  , and W = 10 to use only the best 10 hypotheses for refinement in the next level. The crawling was executed via a distributed breadth first search. In this graph  , vetexes and edges represent nodes and links respectively. A recent study of Twitter as a whole  , gathered by breadth-first search  , collected 1.47 billion edges in total 13. In this implementation the transitive closure of the digraph G T is based on a breadth first search through G T . The sequence of retrieved documents displayed to the user is ordered by the number of edges from the entry point document. However  , after a large number of Web pages are fetched  , breadth-first search starts to lose its focus and introduces a lot of noise into the final collection. Instead of traversing the BVTT as a strictly depthfirst or breadth-first search JC98  , we use a priority queue to schedule which of the pending tests to perform next. Since the planner performs breadth-first search in the space of representative actions  , the planner is complete if the computed action ranges are accurate. The initial collection was created for day 1 using a Breadth-First crawl that retrieved MAX IN INDEX = 100  , 000 pages from the Web starting from the bookmark URLs. Using a 4000-node subgraph summarized in Table 3  , we generated 1633185 candidate edges. In order to sample the distribution of distances between nodes  , breadth first search trees were formed from a fraction of the nodes. When the FM is traversed using the breadth-first search BFS  , the edges in the FPN are generated according to relations between features in the FM and the weights on edges are computed  Lines 4∼5. After the completion of breadth first search  , there are no unknown nodes and each node has a location area. In many cases  , simple crawlers follow a breadth-first search strategy  , starting from the root of a website homepage and traversing all URLs in the order in which they were found. shows the result of the experiment after the second step of the breadth-first search. The CWB computes the similarity-degrees of the title and/or subtitles through a breadth-first search because the title and subtitles are within a nested structure. As the crawl progresses  , the quality of the downloaded pages deteriorates. So  , instead of trying to find the optimal allocation we do the allocation by using the heuristic of traversing the tree in a breadth first-BF search order: l We have shown that finding an overall optimal allocation scheme for our cuboid tree is NP-hard DANR96 . Once it has been established that a high level path exists  , the lower level trajectory planning problem for each equivalence region node is to determine the trajectory which the cone must follow to reorient the part. Path planning for individual modules uses a breadth-first search starting at the end of the tail. A candidate path is located when an entity from the forward frontier matches an entity from the reverse frontier. This enables to compute the representation of all concepts such that any pair of concepts sharing a common ancestor in the concept hierarchy will share a common prefix in their representation corresponding to this common ancestor. Once a goal state is reached we have a sequence of desired relative push angles which we know will uniquely reorient a part regardless of its initial orientation because that initial orientation must be in the range of The goal of the breadth first search then is to arrive at a current state p   , such that lpgl = 27r. We use the push function to find equivalence classes of actions-action ranges with the same effect. Our approtach to solve the regrasp problem is as follows: We generate and evaluate possible grasp classes of an object and its stable placements on a table; the regrasping problem is then solved by an evaluated breadth-first search in a space where we represent all compatible sequences of regrasp operations. This procedure is then applied to all URLs extracted from newly downloaded pages. We assume that a breadth-first search is performed over these top ranked invocations. In order to follow the edges in one direction in time  , we treat the edges between topic nodes as directed edges. Our initial examination revealed that the allocated users IDs are very evenly distributed across the ID space. Recently  , Microsoft Academic Search released their paper URLs and by crawling the first 7.58 million  , we have collected 2.2 million documents 4 . A lattice is defined over generated word sets for formulae  , and a breadth-first search starting from the query formula set is used to find similar formulae. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. That is  , for each node a set of SPARQL query patterns is generated following the rules depicted in Table 3w.r.t. The next step is to choose a set of cuboids that can be computed concurrently within the memory constraints . Compute D and perform a breadth-first search of D as indicated above starting with To as the set of visited vertices and ending when some vertex in the goal set 7~ ha5 been reached. We assign priority to the pending BVTT visits according to the distance: the closest pending BV pair is given a higher priority and visited next. The search is breadth-first and proceeds by popping a node from the head of OPEN list and generating the set of child nodes for the constituent states steps 1-4. Search engines conduct breadth first scans of the site  , generating many requests in short duration. An estimate of the total number of edges by the present authors suggests there are around 7 billion edges in the present social graph. For each instance of the iterator created for a path pattern  , two DFAs are constructed. These pages contain 17 ,672 ,011 ,890 hyperlinks after eliminating duplicate hyperlinks embedded in the same web page  , which refer to a total of 2 ,897 ,671 ,002 URLs. PD-Live does a breadth-first search from the document a user is currently looking at to select a candidate set of documents. A combination of these operators induces a breadth-first search traversal of the DBGraph. Specifically   , we collected the previous Amazon reviews of each reviewer in the root dataset and the Amazon product pages those reviews were associated with. To optimize the poses and landmarks  , we create a metric environment map by embedding metric information to nodes by breadth-first search over graph. The sensor-based planner performs breadth-first AND/OR search to generate sensor-based orienting plans for parts with shape uncertainty. The sensorless planner uses breadth-first search to find sensorless orienting plans. MaxMiner 3 uses a breadth-first search and performs look-ahead pruning which prunes a whole tree if the head and tail together is frequent. A simple breadth-first search is quite effective in discovering the topic evolution graphs for a seed topic Figure 4and Figure 5a. To discover a topic evolution graph from a seed topic  , we apply a breadth-first search starting from the seed node but only following the edges that lead to topic nodes earlier in time. We construct a work list starting at persist.root so we can perform a breadth-first search of the object graph. At every jvar-node  , we take intersection of bindings generated by its adjacent tp-nodes and after the intersection  , drop the triples from tp-node Bit- Mats as a result of the dropped bindings. They found that crawling in a breadth-first search order tends to discover high-quality pages early on in the crawl  , which was applied when the authors downloaded the experimental data set. OVERLAP does the allocation using a heuristic of traversing the search tree in a breadth-first order  , giving priority to cuboids with smaller partition sizes  , and cuboids with longer attribute lists. Additional documents are then retrieved by following the edges from the starting point in the order of a breadth first search. If the action ranges are overly conservative  , the planner may not find a solution even when one exists. Our web graph is based on a web crawl that was conducted in a breadth-first-search fashion  , and successfully retrieved 463 ,685 ,607 HTML pages. Unlike pure hill-climbing  , MPA in DAFFODIL uses a node list as in breadth-first search to allow backtracking  , such that the method is able to record alternative  " secondary " etc. To detect deadlocks or paths to be folded we scan graph C with the BFS Breadth-First-Search algo­ rithm. Unlike the simple crawlers behind most general search engines which collect any reachable Web pages in breadth-first order  , focused crawlers try to " predict " whether or not a target URL is pointing to a relevant and high-quality Web page before actually fetching the page. In addition  , focused crawlers visit URLs in an optimal order such that URLs pointing to relevant and high-quality Web pages are visited first  , and URLs that point to low-quality or irrelevant pages are never visited. Since the position bias can be easily incorporated into click models with the depth-first assumption  , most existing click models 4  , 11  , 13 follow this assumption and assume that the user examines search results in a top-to-bottom fashion. The subgraph returned by BFS usually contains less vertices in the target community than the subgraph of the same size obtained by random walk technique. If the similarity-degree of a title and/or subtitles is higher than the threshold ­  , the title and/or subtitles are regarded a similar title and/or similar subtitles  , and the contents of the title and subtitles are considered similar contents. The use of the succ-tup and succ-val* primitives defines a traversal of the DBGraph following a breadth-first search EFS strategy Sedg84  , as follows : The transitive closure operation is performed by simply traversing links  , Furthermore testing the termination condition is greatly simplified by marking. One possible source of this difference is that the crawling policies that gave rise to each data set were very different; the DS2 crawl considered page quality as an important factor in which pages to select; the DS1 crawl was a simpler breadth-first-search crawl with politeness. It is worthwhile noting that other expansion methods such as breadth-first-search BFS would entirely ignore the bottleneck defining the community and rapidly mix with the entire graph before a significant fraction of vertices in the community have been reached. Before searching for a regrasp sequence  , the regrasp planner checks if the pick-and-place operation can be achieved within a single grasp. The division of the planning into ofRine and online computation with as much a priori knowledge as possible used for the offline computation turns out to be an efficient and powerful concept  , operating online in connection with the evaluated breadth-first search in the space of compatible regrasp operations. The unions D:=DuAD and AD':=AD'usucc~val*v'  , R.1 can be efficiently implemented by a concatenation since marking the tuples avoid duplicate generation. This breadth-first search visits each node and generates several possible triple patterns based on the number of annotations and the POS-tag itself. Starting from this seed set  , we performed a breadth-first crawl traversing friendship links aiming to discover the largest connected component of the social graph. This figure suggests that breadth-first search crawling is fairly immune to the type of self-endorsement described above: although the size of the graph induced by the full crawl is about 60% larger than the graph induced by the 28 day crawl  , the longer crawl replaced only about 25% of the " hot " pages discovered during the first 28 days  , irrespective of the size of the " hot " set. the node that has the shortest average path to all the other nodes in Λ pred and to perform a breadth-first-search from this node in G pred subgraph of G containing only the nodes in Λ pred and their interconnects to create a tree of information spread and to use the leaves of that tree as the newly activated nodes. Some connectivity-based metrics  , such as Kleinberg's al- gorithm 8  , consider only remote links  , that is  , links between pages on different hosts. In addition to the standard language features of Java  , JPF uses a special class Verify that allows users to annotate their programs so as to 1 express non-deterministic choice with methods Verify.randomn and Verify.randomBool  , 2 truncate the search of the state-space with method Verify.ignoreIfcondition when the condition becomes true  , and 3 indicate the start and end of a block of code that the model checker should treat as one atomic statement and not interleave its execution with any other threads with methods Verify.beginAtomic and Verify.endAtomic. Our experiments revealed that the influentials identified using this method have poor performance which led us to identify the next method of prediction. If the edges of a lockdown graph are weighted by the number of images constituting the part of the segment between the two lockdown points or more appropriately  , the sub-nodes on which the two lockdown points lie  , choosing the smallest-sized cycle basis will reduce computational cost in computing HHT to a small extent. Viterbi recognizer search. References will usually denote entities contained in the discourse model  , which is updated after every utterance with entities introduced in that utterance. When optimizing the model the most likely path through the second level model is sought by the Viterbi approxima- tion 24 . Even though we have described the tasks of content selection and surface realization separately  , in practice OCELOT selects and arranges words simultaneously when constructing a summary . This approach is similar to the one described in  Second  , we tested a more sophisticated named entity recognizer NER based upon a regularized maximum entropy classifier with Viterbi decoding. The sequence of states is seen as a preliminary segmentation. The decoder can handle position-dependent  , cross-word triphones and lexicons with contextual pronunciations. served as ranking criterion. To bootstrap this rst training stage  , an initial state-level segmentation was obtained by a Viterbi alignment using our last evaluation system. This is a typical decoding task  , and the Viterbi decoding technique can be used. where y* is the class label with the highest posterior probability under the model IJ  , or the most likely label sequence the Viterbi parse. We have improved the Viterbi-based splitting model feeding it with a dataset larger than the one used in 1. The Viterbi Doc-Audition scoring method is a straightforward procedure that ranks those documents with repertoires containing a highly-weighted pseudoquery above those that are top renderers only of lowerweighted ones. 2 A Viterbi distribution emitting the probability of the sequence of words in a sentence. We can also adjust the model parameters such as transition  , emission and initial probabilities to maximize the probability of an observable sequence. Modelling the speech signal could be approached through developing acoustic and language models. σ  , the number of documents to which a cluster's score is distributed Equation 3: {5 ,10 ,20 ,30 ,40} ρ  , the number of rounds: 1–2  , Cluster-Audition; 1–5  , Viterbi Doc-Audition and Doc-Audition. Augmenting each word with its possible document positions  , we therefore have the input for the Viterbi program  , as shown below: For this 48-word sentence  , there are a total of 5.08 × 10 27 possible position sequences. We have used the Google N-grams collection 6   , taking the frequency of words from the English One Million collection of Google books from years 1999 to 2009. We apply generic Viterbi search techniques to efficiently find a near-optimal summary 7. In this step  , if any document sentence contributes only stop words for the summary  , the matching is cancelled since the stop words are more likely to be inserted by humans rather than coming from the original document. Scores are assigned to each expansion by combining the backward score g  , computed by the translation model from the end to the current position of i  , and the forward score h computed by the Viterbi search from the initial to the current position of i. The Viterbi path contains seven states as the seventh state was generated by the sixth state and a transition to the seventh state. There are many approaches for doing this search  , the most common approach that is currently used is Viterbi beam search that searches for the best decoding hypothesis with the possibility to prune away the hypotheses with small scores. To appl9 machine learning to this problem  , we need a large collection of gistcd web pages for training. There are a number of possible criteria for the optimality of decoding  , the most widely used being Viterbi decoding. The connection to VT should be clear: if one introduces the hidden variable I denoting the index of the model that generated the sequence Y as a non-emitting state then the procedure can be thought of as the partial Viterbi alignment of Y to the states where only the alignment w.r.t. Therefore  , every word is determined a most likely document tion. We take a multi-phase optimization approach to cope with the complexity of parallel multijoin query optimization.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. a join order optimization of triple patterns performed before query evaluation. We focus on static query optimization  , i.e. Specify individual optimization rules. There has been a lot of work in multi-query optimization for MV advisors and rewrite. We now apply query optimization strategies whenever the schema changes. Thus the system has to perform plan migration after the query optimization. In query optimization using views  , to compute probabilities correctly we must determine how tuples are correlated. Semantic query optimization is well motivated in the literature6 ,5 ,7  , as a new dimension to conventional query optimization. Our experiments were carried out with Virtuoso RDBMS  , certain optimization techniques for relational databases can also be applied to obtain better query performance. The major problem that multi-query optimization solves is how to find common subexpressions and to produce a global-optimal query plan for a group of queries. Multi-query optimization detects common inter-and intra-query subexpressions and avoids redundant computation 10  , 3  , 18  , 19. Logical query optimization uses equalities of query expressions to transform a logical query plan into an equivalent query plan that is likely to be executed faster or with less costs. It complements the conventional query optimization phase. One category of research issues deals with mechanisms to exploit interactions between relational query optimization and E-ADT query optimization. As in applying II to conventional query optimization  , an interesting question that arises in parametric query optimization is how to determine the running time of a query optimizer for real applications . Not only are these extra joins expensive  , but because the complexity of query optimization is exponential in the amount of joins  , SPARQL query optimization is much more complex than SQL query optimization. The optimization on this query is performed twice. Multi-query optimization is a technique working at query compilation phase. 6  reports on a rule-based query optimizer generator  , which was designed for their database generator EXODUS 2. We divide the optimization task into the following three phases: 1 generating an optimized query tree  , 2 allocating query operators in the query tree to machines  , and 3 choosing pipelined execution methods. The parallel query plan will be dete&iined by a post optimization phase after the sequential query optimization . Typically  , all sub-expressions need to be optimized before the SQL query can be optimized. Query optimization in general is still a big problem. The architecture should readily lend itself to query optimization. Optimization of the internal query represen- tation. Good query optimization is as important for 00 query languages as it is for relational query languages. Mid-query re-optimization  , progressive optimization  , and proactive re-optimization instead initially optimize the entire plan; they monitor the intermediate result sizes during query execution  , and re-optimize only if results diverge from the original estimates. However  , semantic optimization increases the search space of possible plans by an order of magnitude  , and very ellicient searching techniques are needed to keep .the cost'of optimization within reasonable limits. As a result  , large SPARQL queries often execute with a suboptimal plan  , to much performance detriment. Then query optimization takes place in two steps. The optimization goal is to find the execution plan which is expected to return the result set fastest without actually executing the query or subparts. This simplifies query optimization Amma85. They investigate the applicability of common query optimization techniques to answer tree-pattern queries. Substantial research on object-oriented query optimization has focused on the design and use of path indexes  , e.g. Note that most commercial database systems allow specifying top-k query and its optimization. The notion of using algebraic transformations for query optimization was originally developed for the relational algebra. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. Finally  , the optimal query correlatioñ Q opt is leveraged for query suggestion. The optimization problem of join order selection has been extensively studied in the context of relational databases 12  , 11  , 16. This is in some cases not guaranteed in the scope of object-oriented query languages 27. While research in the nested algebra optimization is still in its infancy  , several results from relational algebra optimization 13 ,141 can be extended to nested relations. IQP: we consider a modified version of the budget constrained optimization method proposed in 13 as a query selection baseline. 3 Dynamic Query Optimization Ouery optimization in conventional DBS can usually be done at compile time. Cost based optimization will be explored as another avenue of future work. Each iteralion contains a well-defined sequence of query optimization followed by data allocation optimization. the optimization time of DPccp is always 1. More importantly  , multi-query optimization can provide not only data sharing but also common computation sharing. The major form of query optimization employed in KCRP results from proof schema structure sharing. We now highlight some of the semantic query optimizationSQO strategies used by our run time optimizer. -We shall compare the methods for extensible optimization in more detail in BeG89. A novel architecture for query optimization based on a blackboard which is organized in successive regions has been devised. Our approach allows both safe optimization and approximate optimization. A modular arrangement of optimization methods makes it possible to add  , delete and modify individual methods  , without affecting the rest. The optimization problem becomes even more interesting in the light of interactive querying sessions 2  , which should be quite common when working with inductive databases. That is  , we break the optimization task into several phases and then optimize each phase individually. Query Evaluation: If a query language is specified  , the E- ADT must provide the ability to execute the optimized plan. This expansion allows the query optimizer to consider all indexes on relations referenced in a query. First we conduct experiments to compare the query performance using V ERT G without optimization  , with Optimization 1 and with Optimization 2. The current implementation of DARQ uses logical query optimization in two ways. It utilizes containment mapping for identifying redundant navigation patterns in a query and later for collapsing them to minimize the query. 14 into an entity-based query interface and provides enhanced data independence   , accurate query semantics  , and highlevel query optimization 6 13. We represent the query subject probability as P sb S and introduce it as the forth component to the parsing optimization. After query planning the query plan consists of multiple sub-queries. Secondly  , relational algebra allows one to reason about query execution and optimization. We abstract two models — query and keyword language models — to study bidding optimization prob- lems. The query optimization steps are described as transformation rules or rewriting rules 7. That is  , any query optimization paradig plugged-in. ASW87 found this degree of precision adequate in the setting of query optimization. What happens when considering complex queries ? This problem can also be solved by employing existing optimization techniques. We showed the optimization of a simple query. We introduce a new loss function that emphasizes certain query-document pairs for better optimization. : Multiple-query optimization MQO 20 ,19 identifies common sub-expressions in query execution plans during optimization  , and produces globally-optimal plans. For instance   , NN queries over an attribute set A can be considered as model-based optimization queries with F  θ  , A as the distance function e.g. This lower optimization cost is probably just an artifact of a smaller search space of plans within the query optimizer  , and not something intrinsic to the query itself. Heuristics-based optimization techniques generally work without any knowledge of the underlying data. The optimization cost becomes comparable to query execution cost  , and minimizing execution cost alone would not minimize the total cost of query evaluation  , as illustrated in Fig Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. Both directions of the transformation should be considered in query optimization. Classical database query optimization techniques are not employed in KCRP currently  , but such optimization techniques as pushing selections within joins  , and taking joins in the most optimal order including the reordering of database literals across rules must be used in a practical system to improve RAP execution. Our experiments show that the SP approach gives a decent performance in terms of number of triples  , query size and query execution time. Since only default indexes were created  , and no optimization was provided   , this leaves a room for query optimization in order to obtain a better query performance. Heuristics-based optimization techniques include exploiting syntactic and structural variations of triple patterns in a query 27  , and rewriting a query using algebraic optimization techniques 12 and transformation rules 15 . In this paper  , we present a value-addition tool for query optimizers that amortizes the cost of query optimization through the reuse of plans generated for earlier queries. The detection of common sub-expressions is done at optimization time  , thus  , all queries need to be optimized as a batch. Finally  , our focus is on static query optimization techniques. By contrast  , we postpone work on query optimization in our geographic scalability agenda  , preferring to first design and validate the scalability of our query execution infrastructure. In general  , any query adjustment has to be undertaken before any threshold setting  , as it aaects both ast1 and the scores of the judged documents  , all of which are used in threshold setting. We begin in Section 2 by motivating our approach to order optimization by working through the optimization of a simple example query based on the TPC-H schema using the grouping and secondary ordering inference techniques presented here. On the other  , they are useful for query optimization via query rewriting. Optimization of this query should seek to reduce the work required by PARTITION BY and ORDER BYs. Our work builds on this paradigm. However  , sound applications of rewrite rules generate alternatives to a query that are semantically equivalent. Relational optimizers thus do global optimization by looking inside all referenced views. The paper is organized as follows. Optimization techniques are discussed in Section 3. That is  , at each stage a complete query evaluation plan exists. They suffer from the same problems mentioned above. The query engine uses this information for query planning and optimization. During the query optimization phase  , each query is broken down into a number of subqueries on the fragments . JOQR is similar in functionality to a conventional query optimizer . Sections 4 and 5 detail a query evaluation method and its optimization techniques. Query optimization is a fundamental and crucial subtask of query execution in database management systems. Query queries  , we have developed an optimization that precomputes bounds. Table  IncludingPivot and Unpivot explicitly in the query language provides excellent opportunities for query optimization. Still  , strategy 11 is only a local optimization on each query. The main concerns were directed at the unique operations: inclusive query planning and query optimization. On the other hand  , more sophisticated query optimization and fusion techniques are required. Tioga will optimize by coalescing queries when coalescing is advantageous. In the third stage  , the query optimizer takes the sub-queries and builds an optimized query execution plan see Section 3.3. It highlights that our query optimization has room for improvement. Weights  , constraints  , functional attributes  , and optimization functions themselves can all change on a per-query basis . The consideration of RDF as database model puts forward the issue of developing coherently all its database features. Motivated by the above  , we have studied the problem of optimizing queries for all possible values of runtime parameters that are unknown at optimization time a task that we call Parametric Query Optimiration   , so that the need for re-optimization is reduced. The multi-query optimization technique has the most restrictive requirement on the arrival times of different queries due to the limitation that multiple queries must be optimized as a batch. Thus  , a main strength of FluXQuery is its extensibility and the ability to benefit from a large body of previous database research on algebraic query optimization. On the other hand  , declarative query languages are easier to read since inherently they describe only the goal of the query in a simpler syntax  , and automatic optimization can be done to some degree. This post optimizer kxamines the sequential query plan to see how to parallelize a gequential plan segment and estimates the overhead as welLas the response time reduction if this plan segment is executed in parallel. The query optimizer can add-derivation operators in a query expression for optimization purpose without explicitly creating new graph view schemes in the database. optimization cost so far + execution cost is minimum. Query Operators and Optimization: If a declarative query language is specified  , the E-ADT must provide optimization abilities that will translate a language expression into a query evaluation plan in some evaluation algebra. Our query language permits several  , possibly interrelated  , path expressions in a single query  , along with other query constructs. We differ in that 1 if the currently executing plan is already optimal  , then query re-optimization is never invoked. However  , unlike query optimization which must necessarily preserve query equivalence  , our techniques lead to mappings with better semantics  , and so do not preserve equivalence. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS97  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. For achieving efficiency and handling a general class of XQuery codes  , we generate executable for a query directly  , instead of decomposing the query at the operator level and interpreting the query plan. Query Optimization: The optimization of an SQL query uses cost-based techniques to search for a cheap evaluation plan from a large space of options. This is an issue that requires further study in the form of a comprehensive performance evaluation on sipI1. Subsequently  , Colde and Graefe 8 proposed a new query optimization model which constructs dynamic plans at compile-time and delays some of the query optimization until run-time. The challenge in designing such a RISCcomponent successfully is to identify optimization techniques that require us to enumerate only a few of all the SPJ query sub-trees. In FS98 two optimization techniques for generalized path expressions are presented  , query pruning and query rewriting using state extents. To give the optimizer more transformation choices  , relational query optimization techniques first expand all views referenced in a query and then apply cost-based optimization strategies on the fully expanded query 16 22 . Kabra and DeWitt 21 proposed an approach collecting statistics during the execution of complex queries in order to dynamically correct suboptimal query execution plans. LEO is aimed primarily at using information gleaned from one or more query executions to discern trends that will benefit the optimization of future queries. If the format of a query plan is restricted in some manner  , this search space will be reduced and optimization will be less expensive. There are six areas of work that are relevant to the research presented here: prefetching  , page scheduling for join execution  , parallel query scheduling  , multiple query optimization  , dynamic query optimization and batching in OODBs. The idea of the interactive query optimization test was to replace the automatic optimization operation by an expert searcher  , and compare the achieved performance levels as well as query structures. Query optimization: DBMSs typically maintain histograms 15 reporting the number of tuples for selected attribute-value ranges. Once registered in Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. Service Descriptions are represented in RDF. Even the expressions above and in And as such these approaches offer excellent opportunities for query optimization. Mondial 18 is a geographical database derived from the CIA Factbook. Open PHACTS 15   , query optimization time dominates and can run into the tens of seconds. Extensions to the model are considered in Section 5. Search stops when the optimization cost in last step dominates the improvement in query execution cost. We know that these query optimizations can greatly improve performance. 'I'he traditional optimization problem is to choose an optimal plan for a query. which fragments slmultl be fetched from tertiary memory . The optimization in Eq. In Section 2 we present related work on query optimization and statistical databases. POP places CHECK operators judiciously in query execution plans. Graefe surveys various principles and techniques Gra93. First  , is to include multi-query optimization in CQ refresh. Histograms were one of the earliest synopses used in the context of database query optimization 29  , 25. In the context of deductive databases. In Section 3  , we describe our new optimization technique . The second optimization exploits the concept of strong-token. The three products differ greatly from each other with respect to query optimization techniques. A key difference in query optimization is that we usually have access to the view definitions. This makes them difficult to work with from an optimization point of view. Here n denotes the number of documents associated with query q i . Analogous to order optimization we call this grouping optimization and define that the set of interesting groupings for a given query consists of 1. all groupings required by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query 2. all groupings produced by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query. A database system that can effectively handle the potential variations in optimization queries will benefit data exploration tasks. They are complementary to our study as they target an environment where a cost-based optimization module is available. In the area of Semantic Query Optimization  , starting with King King81  , researchers have proposed various ways to use integrity constraints for optimization. In particular  , we describe three optimization techniques that exploit text-centric actions that IE programs often execute. The Auto-Fusion Optimization involves iterations of fusion runs i.e. Our demonstration also includes showing the robustness POP adds to query optimization for these sources of errors. Thus  , optimizing the evaluation of boolean expressions seems worthwhile from the standpoint of declarative query optimization as well as method optimization. This file contains various classes of optimization/translation rules in a specific syntax and order. The DBS3 optimizer uses efficient non-exhaustive search strategies LV91 to reduce query optimization cost. Indeed  , our investigation can be regarded as the analogue for updates of fundamental invest ,igat.ions on query equivalence and optimization. In all experiments  , TSA yields the best optimization/execution cost  , ratio. Contrary to previous works  , our results show clearly that parallel query optimization should not imply restricting the search space to cope with the additional complexity. Further  , we also improve on their solution. For example   , if NumRef is set to the number of relations in the query  , it is not clear how and what information should be maintained to facilitate incremental optimization . Following Hong and Stonebraker HS91  , we break the optimization problem into two phases: join ordering followed by parallelization. Clearly  , the elimination of function from the path length of high traffic interactions is a possible optimization strategy. We have demonstrated the effects of query optimization by means of performance experiments. Our second goal with this demo is to present some of our first experiments with query optimization in Galax. We also showed how to incorporate our strategies into existing query optimizers for extensible databases. AQuery builds on previous language and query optimization work to accomplish the following goals: 1. These optimization rules follow from the properties described earlier for PIVOT and UNPIVOT. Optimization. The method normalizes retrieval scores to probabilities of relevance prels  , enabling the the optimization of K by thresholding on prel. This also implies that for a QTree this optimization can be used only once. While ATLAS performs sophisticated local query optimization   , it does not attempt to perform major changes in the overall execution plan  , which therefore remains under programmer's control. The direct applicability of logical optimization techniques such as rewriting queries using views  , semantic optimization and minimization to XQuery is precluded by XQuery's definition as a functional language 30. The query term selection optimization was evaluated by changing /3 and 7. A powerful 00 data modelling language permits the construction of more complex schemas than for relational databases. In order to query iDM  , we have developed a simple query language termed iMeMex Query Language iQL that we use to evaluate queries on a resource view graph. Therefore  , we follow the same principle as LUBM where query patterns are stated in descending order  , w.r.t. Given a logical query  , the T&O performs traditional query optimization tasks such as plan enumeration  , evaluating join orderings  , index selections and predicate place- ment U1188  , CS96  , HSSS. The different formats that exist for query tree construction range from simple to complex. In database query languages late binding is somewhat problematic since good query optimization is very important to achieve good performance. There is currently no optimization performed across query blocks belonging to different E-ADTs . The entity types of our sample environment are given in Figs. In our experiments we found that binning by query length is both conceptually simple and empirically effective for retrieval optimization. Dynamic re-optimization techniques augment query plans with special operators that collect statistics about the actual data during the execution of a query 9  , 13. If a query can m-use cached steps  , the rest of the parsing and optimization is bypassed. To build the plan we use logical and physical query optimization. Also  , the underlying query optimizer may produce sub-optimal physical plans due to assumptions of predicate independence. DB2 Information Integrator deploys cost-based query optimization to select a low cost global query plan to execute . We discuss the various query plans in a bit more detail as the results are presented. Development of such query languages has prompted research on new query optimization methods  , e.g. By compiling into an algebraic language  , we facilitate query optimization. Semantic query optimization can be viewed as the search for the minimum cost query execution plan in the space of all possible execution plans of the various semantically equivalent hut syntactically ditferent versions of the original query. We note that other researchers have termed such queries 'set queries' Gavish and Segev 19861. Query optimization is carried out on an algebraic  , query-language level rather than  , say  , on some form of derived automata. Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , it also improves query execution efficiency since it makes it possible for optimizers to always run at their highest optimization level as the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. RuralCafe  , then allows the users to choose appropriate query expansion terms from a list of popular terms. The objective of this class of queries is to test whether the selectivity of the text query plays a role in query optimization. The optimal point for this optimization query this query is B.1.a. The next important phase in query compilation is Query Optimization. For example  , during optimization  , the space of alternative query plans is searched in order to find the " optimal " query plan. In this example   , the SQL optimizer is called on the outer query block  , and the SEQUIN optimizer operates on the nested query block. However  , existing work primarily focuses on various aspects of query-local data management  , query execution   , and optimization. The trade-off between re-optimization and improved runtime must be weighed in order to be sure that reoptimization will result in improved query performance. E.g. The blackbox ADT approach for executing expensive methods in SQL is to execute them once for each new combination of arguments. A control strategy is needed to decide on the rewrite rules that should be applied to a given statement sequence. With such an approach  , no new execution operators are required  , and little new optimization or costing logic is needed. Optimization during query compilr tion assumes the entire buffer pool is available   , but in or&r to aid optimization at nmtime  , the query tree is divided into fragments. Compared to the global re-optimization of query plans  , our inspection approach can be regarded as a complementary   , local optimization technique inside the hash join operator. The Plastic system  , proposed in GPSH02   , amortizes the cost of query optimization by reusing the plans generated by the optimizer. Optimization for queries on local repositories has also focused on the use of specialized indices for RDF or efficient storage in relational databases  , e.g. A " high " optimization cost may be acceptable for a repetitive query since it can be amortized over multiple executions. We see that the optimization leads to significantly decreased costs for the uniform model  , compared to the previous tables. In Figure 5  , we show results for the fraction pruning method and the max score optimization on the expanded query set. For example  , if our beers/drinkers/bars schema had " beers " as a top level node  , instead of being as a child node of Drinkers  , then the same query would had been obtained without the reduction optimization. Many researchers have investigated the use of statistics for query optimization  , especially for estimating the selectivity of single-column predicates using histograms PC84  , PIH+96  , HS95 and for estimating join sizes Gel93  , IC91  , SS94 using parametric methods Chr83  , Lyn88 . For suitable choices of these it might be feasible to efficiently obtain a solution. Third-order dependencies may be useful  , however   , and even higher-order dependencies may be of interest in settings outside of query optimization. Doing much of the query optimization in the query language translator also helps in keeping the LSL interpreter as simple as possible. This research is an important contribution to the understanding of the design tradeoffs between query optimization and data allocation for distributed database design. Many researchers have worked on optimizer architectures that facilitate flexibility: Bat86  , GD87  , BMG93  , GM931 are proposals for optimizer genera- tors; HFLP89  , BG92 described extensible optimizers in the extended relational context; MDZ93  , KMP93  proposed architectural frameworks for query optimization in object bases. Another approach to this problem is to use dynamic query optimization 4 where the original query plan is split into separately optimized chunks e.g. The technique in MARS 9 can be viewed as a SQL Optimization technique since the main optimization occurs after the SQL query is generated from the XML query. This is effectively an optimization problem  , not unlike the query optimization problem in relational databases. In the current implementation we e two-level optimization strategy see section 1 the lower level uses the optimization strateg present in this paper  , while the upper level the oy the in which s that we join order egy. Moreover  , as the semantic information about the database and thus the corresponding space of semantically equivalent queries increases  , the optimization cost becomes comparable to the cost of query execution plan  , and cannot be ignored. For query optimization  , a translation from UnQL to UnCAL is defined BDHS96  , which provides a formal basis for deriving optimization rewrite rules such as pushing selections down. Moreover  , most parallel or distributed query optimization techniques are limited to a heuristic exploration of the search space whereas we provide provably optimal plans for our problem setting. In the following we describe the two major components of our demonstration: 1 the validity range computation and CHECK placement  , and 2 the re-optimization of an example query. 13; however  , since most users are interested in the top-ranking documents only  , additional work may be necessary in order to modify the query optimization step accordingly. In this section  , we propose an object-oriented modeling of search systems through a class hierarchy which can be easily extended to support various query optimization search strategies. We notice that  , using the proposed optimization method  , the query execution time can be significantly improved in our experiments  , it is from 1.6 to 3.9 times faster. Whereas query engines for in-memory models are native and  , thus  , require native optimization techniques  , for triple stores with RDBMS back-end  , SPARQL queries are translated into SQL queries which are optimized by the RDBMS. When existing access structures give only partial support for an operation  , then dynamic optimization must be done to use the structures wisely. An ADT-method approach cannot identify common sub-expressions without inter-function optimization  , let alone take advantage of them to optimize query execution. For multiple queries  , multi-query optimization has been exploited by 11 to improve system throughput in the Internet and by 15 for improving throughput in TelegraphCQ. The novel optimization plan-space includes a variety of correlated and decorrelated executions of each subquery  , using VOLCANO's common sub-expression detection to prevent a blow-up in optimization complexity. The original method  , referred to as query prioritization QP   , cannot be used in our experiments because it is defined as a convex optimization that demands a set of initial judgments for all the queries. Note the importance of separating the optimization time from the execution time in interpreting these results. The diversity of search space is proportional to the number of different optimization rules which executed successfully during optimization. To perform optimization of a computation over a scientific database system  , the optimizer is given an expression consisting of logical operators on bulk data types. In this way  , the longer the optimization time a query is assigned  , the better the quality of the plan will be.2 Complex canned queries have traditionally been assigned high optimization cost because the high cost can be amortized over multiple runs of the queries. Therefore  , some care is needed when adding groupings to order optimization  , as a slowdown of plan generation would be unacceptable . Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , PLASTIC also improves query execution efficiency because optimizers can now always run at their highest optimization level – the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. These five optimization problems have been solved for each of the 25 selected queries and for each run in the set of 30 selected runs  , giving a total of 5×25×30 = 3  , 750 optimization problems. In this section we present an overview of transformation based algebraic query optimization  , and show how the optimization of scientific computations fits into this framework. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. However  , a plan that is optimal can still be chosen as a victim to be terminated and restarted  , 2 dynamic query re-optimization techniques do not typically constrain the number of intermediate results to save and reuse  , and 3 queries are typically reoptimized by invoking the query optimizer with updated information. To tackle the problem  , we clean the graph before using it to compute query dissimilarity. In addition  , we show that incremental computation is possible for certain operations . Recent works have exploited such constraints for query optimization and schema matching purposes e.g. Flexible mechanisms for dynamically adjusting the size of query working spaces and cache areas are in place  , but good policies for online optimization are badly missing. The contributions in SV98 are complementary to our work in this paper. 27  introduces a rank-join operator that can be deployed in existing query execution interfaces. Let V denote the grouping attributes mentioned in the group by clause. We empirically show the benefits of plan refinement and the low overhead it adds to the cost of query optimization. We adopt a two-phase approach HS91 to parallel query optimization: JOQR followed by parallelization. A few proposals exist for evaluating transitive closures in distributed database systems 1 ,9 ,22 . l The image expression may be evaluated several times during the course of the query. Since vague queries occur most often in interactive systems  , short response times are essential. The associated rewrite rules exploit the fact that statements of a sequence are correlated. Section 3 shows that this approach also enables additional query optimization techniques. The implementation appeared to be outside the RDBMS  , however  , and there was not significant discussion of query optimization in this context. In Sections 2–4 we describe the steps of the BHUNT scheme in detail  , emphasizing applications to query optimization. Static shared dataflows We first show how NiagaraCQ's static shared plans are imprecise. This monotonicity declaration is used for conventional query optimization and for improving the user interface. In Section 2  , we model the search space  , which describes the query optimization problem and the associated cost model. The weights for major concepts and the sub concepts are 1.0 and 0.2  , respectively. The speedup is calculated as the query execution time when the optimization is not applied divided by the optimized time. have proposed a strategy for evaluating inductive queries and also a first step in the direction of query optimization. In addition to the usual query parsing  , query plan generation and query parallelization steps  , query optimization must also determine which DOP to choose and on which node to execute the query. It also summarizes related work on query optimization particularly focusing on the join ordering problem. We conclude with a discussion of open problems and future work. An approach to semantic query optimization using a translation into Datalog appears in 13  , 24. We envision three lines of future research. The remaining of this paper is structured as follows. Section 5 describes the impact of RAM incremental growths on the query execution model. Over all of the queries in our experiments the average optimization time was approximately 1/2 second. 10 modeled conditional probability distributions of various sensor attributes and introduced the notion of conditional plans for query optimization with correlated attributes. Moral: AQuery transformations bring substantial performance improvements  , especially when used with cost-based query optimization.   , s ,} The problem of parametric query optimization is to find the parametric optimal set of plans and the region of optimality for each parametric optimal plan. Ten years later  , the search landscape has greatly evolved. First  , our query optimization rules are based on optimizing XPath expressions over SQL/XML and object relational SQL. Furthermore. Schema knowledge is used to rewrite a query into a more efficient one. Next  , we turn our attention to query optimization. The module for query optimization and efficient reasoning is under development. For traditional relational databases  , multiplequery optimization 23 seeks to exhaustively find an optimal shared query plan. We can now formally define the query optimization problem solved in this paper. The second step consists of an optimization and translation phase. Section 4 deals with query evaluation and optimization. The size of our indexes is therefore significant  , and query optimization becomes more complex. The existing optimizers  , eg. query execution time. No term reweighting or query expansion methods were tried. The models and procedures described here are part of the query optimization. Meta query optimization. Whether or not the query can be unnested depends on the properties of the node-set . Several plans are identified and the optimal plan is selected. Section 2 formally defines the parametric query optimization problem and provides background material on polytopes. For more sophisticated rules  , cost functions were needed Sma97  to choose among many alternative query plans. A related approach is multi-query execution rather than optimization. 4.9  , DJ already maintains the minimal value of all primary keys in its own internal statistics for query optimization. In Section 2  , we provide some background information on XML query optimization and the XNav operator. Scientific data is commonly represented as a mesh. Their proposed technique can be independently applied on different parts of the query. sources on sort-merge join "   , and this metalink instance is deemed to have the importance sideway value of 0.8. sources on query optimization is viewing  , learning  , etc. Compiling SQL queries on XML documents presents new challenges for query optimization. Experiment 3 demonstrates how the valid-range can be used for optimization. This function can be easily integrated in the query optimization algorisms Kobayashi 19811. part of the scheduler to do multiple query optimization betwtcn the subqucries. Imposing a uniform limit on hot set size over all queries can be suboptimal. One is based on algebraic simplification of a query and compilr tinlc> heuristics. An experienced searcher was recruited to run the interactive query optimization test. However  , their optimization method is based on Eq. Thirdly  , the relational algebra relies on a simple yet powerful set of mathematical primitives. Figure 4summarizes the query performance for 4 queries of the LUBM. MIRACLE exploits some techniques used by the OR- ACLE Server for the query optimization a rule-based approach and an statistical approach. Section 4 addresses optimization issues in this RAM lower bound context. Second  , they provide more optimization opportunities. 9 exploits XQuery containment for query optimization. We use document-at-a-time scoring  , and explore several query optimization techniques. During the first pass the final output data is requested sorted by time. The mathematical problem formulation is given in Section 3. In the literature  , most researches in distributed database systems have been concentrated on query optimization   , concurrency control  , recovery  , and deadlock handling. In Section 6 we briefly survey the prior work that our system builds upon. We also plan to explore issues of post query optimization such as dynamic reconfiguration of execution plan at run time. In Section 4  , we give an illustrative example to explain different query evaluation strategies that the model offers. Figure 8depicts this optimization based on the XML document and query in Figure 4. The system returned the top 20 document results for each query. Query-performance predictors are used to evaluate the performance of permutations. The compiled query plan is optimized using wellknown relational optimization techniques such as costing functions and histograms of data distributions. If a DataGuide is to be useful for query formulation and especially optimization  , we must keep it consistent when the source database changes. An important optimization technique is to avoid sorting of subcomponents which are removed afterwards due to duplicate elimination. The other set of approaches is classified as loose coupling. Query optimization is a major issue in federated database systems. Since the early stages of relational database development   , query optimization has received a lot of at- tention. The translation and optimization proceeds in three steps. Besides  , in our current setting  , the preference between relevance and freshness is assumed to be only query-dependent. These specific technical problems are solved in the rest of the paper. This is a critical requirement in handling domain knowledge  , which has flexible forms. We examine only points in partitions that could contain points as good as the best solution. DB2 has separate parsers for SQL and XQuery statements   , but uses a single integrated query compiler for both languages. Many sources rank the objects in query results according to how well these objects match the original query. Additionally it can be used to perform other tasks such as query optimization in a distributed environment. The Postgres engine takes advantage of several Periscope/SQ Abstract Data Types ADTs and User-Defined Functions UDFs to execute the query plan. The optimization of Equation 7 is related to set cover  , but not straightforwardly. The Epoq approach to extensible query optimization allows extension of the collection of control strategies that can be used when optimizing a query 14. Above results are just examples from the case study findings to illustrate the potential uses of the proposed method. One important aspect of query optimization is to detect and to remove redundant operations  , i.e. Lots can be explored using me&data such as concept hierarchies  and discovered knowledge. At every region knowledge wurces are act ivatad consecutively completing alternative query evaluation plans. The resultant query tree is then given to the relational optimizer  , which generates the execution plan for the execution engine. The goal of such investigations is es- tablishing equivalent query constructs which is important for optimization. Contributions of R-SOX include: 1. Moreover  , translating a temporal query into a non-temporal one makes it more difficult to apply query optimization and indexing techniques particularly suited for temporal XML documents. Research on query optimization for SPARQL includes query rewriting 9 or basic reordering of triple patterns based on their selectivity 10. In particular  , M3 uses the statistics to estimate the cardinality of both The third strategy  , denoted M3 in what follows  , is a variant of M2 that employs full quad-based query optimization to reach a suitable physical query plan. More precisely  , we demonstrate features related to query rewriting  , and to memory management for large documents. At query optimization time  , the set of candidate indexes desirable for the query are recorded by augmenting the execution plan. Incorporate order in a declarative fashion to a query language using the ASSUMING clause built on SQL 92. Such models can be utilized to facilitate query optimization  , which is also an important topic to be studied. Originally  , query containment was studied for optimization of relational queries 9  , 33 . Suppose we can infer that a query subexpression is guaranteed to be symmetric. query optimization has the goal to find the 'best' query execution plan among all possible plans and uses a cost model to compare different plans. However  , it is important to optimize these tests further using compile-time query optimization techniques. For optimization  , MXQuery only implements a dozen of essential query rewrite rules such as the elimination of redundant sorts and duplicate elimination. Since OOAlgebra resembles the relational algebra   , the familiar relational query optimization techniques can be used. SEMCOG also maintains database statistics for query optimization and query reformulation facilitation. The most expensive lists to look at will be the ones dropped because of optimization. Second  , we describe a novel two-stage optimization technique for parameterized query expansion. The method for weight optimization is the same as that for query section weighting. Similarly   , automatic checking tools face a number of semidecidability or undecidability theoretical results. After rewriting  , the code generator translates the query graphs into C++ code. In fact  , V represents the query-intent relationships  , i.e. The conventional approach to query optimization is to pick a single efficient plan for a query  , based on statistical properties of the data along with other factors such as system conditions. This type of optimization does not require a strong DataGuide and was in fact suggested by NUWC97. In this case we require the optimizer to construct a table of compiled query plans. Section 3.3 describes this optimization. The optimizer's task is the translation of the expression generated by the parser into an equivalent expression that is cheaper to evaluate. For example  , V1 may store some tuples that should not contribute to the query  , namely from item nodes lacking mail descendants. Work on frameworks for providing cost information and on developing cost models for data sources is  , of course  , highly relevant. Enhanced query optimizers have to take conditional coalescing rules into consideration as well. In this method  , subqueries and answers are kept in main memory to reduce costs. This query is a variant of the query used earlier to measure the performance of a sequence scan. During execution of the SQL query  , the nested SE &UIN expression is evaluated just as any other function would be. Note  , however  , that the problem studied here is not equivalent to that of query containment. Well-known query optimization strategies CeP84 push selections down to the leaves of a query tree. It is important to understand the basic differences between our scenario and a traditional centralized setting which also has query operators characterized by costs and selectivities. In contrast to MBIS the schema is not fixed and does not need to be specified  , but is determined by the underlying data sources. In this paper  , we make a first step to consider all phases of query optimization in RDF repositories. Then  , we will investigate on optimization by using in-memory storage for the hash tables  , in order to decrease the query runtimes. The join over the subject variable will be less expensive and the optimization eventually lead to better query performance. A set of cursor options is selected randomly by the query generator. To improve the XML query execution speed  , we extract the data of dblp/inproceedings  , and add two more elements: review and comments. portant drawbacks with lineage for information exchange and query optimization using views. Reordering the operations in a conventional relational DBMS to an equivalent but more efficient form is a common technique in query optimization. We call this the irrelevant index set optimization. The numhcr  , placement  , and effective use of data copies is an important design prohlem that is clearly intcrdcpcndent with query optimization and data allocation. In general  , constraints and other such information should flow across the query optimization interfaces. General query optimization is infeasible. for each distinct value combination of all the possible run-time parameters. Optimization of this query plan presents further difficulties. medium-or coarse-grained locking  , limited support for queries  , views  , constraints  , and triggers  , and weak subsets of SQL with limited query optimization. First  , expressing the " nesting " predicate .. Kim argued that query 2 was in a better form for optimization  , because it allows the optimizer to consider more strategies. The advantages of STAR-based query optimization are detailed in Loh87. Perhaps surprisingly  , transaction rates are not problematic. We used the same computer for all retrieval experiments. 33  proposed an optimization strategy for query expansion methods that are based on term similarities such as those computed based on WordNet. In this section we evaluate the performance of the DARQ query engine. The optimization of the query of Figure 1illustrated this. Section 7 presents our conclusions  , a comparison with related work  , and some directions for future research. The top layer consists of the optimizer/query compiler component. The solution to this problem also has applications in " traditional " query optimization MA83 ,UL82. But  , to our best knowledge  , no commercial RDBMS covers all major aspects of the AP technology. Fernandez and Dan Suciu 13 propose two query optimization techniques to rewrite a given regular path expression into another query that reduces the scope of navigation. This query is optimized to improve execution; currently  , TinyDB only considers the order of selection predicates during optimization as the existing version does not support joins.  For non-recursive data  , DTD-based optimizations can remove all DupElim and hash-based operators. But  , the choice of right index structures was crucial for efficient query execution over large databases. For the purposes of this example we assume that there is a need to test code changes in the optimization rules framework. It is important to point out their connection since semantic query optimization has largely been ignored in view maintenance literature. The stratum approach does not depend on a particular XQuery engine. Database queries are optimized based on cost models that calculate costs for query plans. Lack of Strategies for Applying Possibly Overlapping Optimization Techniques. So  , the query offers opportunities for optimization. Note that the query is not optimized consecutively otherwise it is no different from existing techniques. Furthermore  , the rules discovered can be used for querying database knowledge  , cooperative query answering and semantic query optimization. TTnfortllllat.ely  , query optimization of spatial data is different from that of heterogeneous databases because of the cost function. That means the in memory operation account for significant part in the evaluation cost and requires further work for optimization. This is an open question and may require further research. The query is then passed on to Postgres for relational optimization and execution . Optimization is done by evaluating query fimess after each round of mutations and selecting the " most fit " to continue to the next generation. An optimization available on megaplans is to coalesce multiple query plans into a single composite query plan. The rule/goal graph approach does not take advantage of existing DBMS optimization. To select query terms  , the document frequencies of terms must be established to compute idf s before signature file access. In the current version of IRO-DB  , the query optimizer applies simple heuristics to detach subqueries that are sent to the participating systems. Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources.  the query optimization problem under the assumption that each call to a conjunctive solver has unit cost and that the only set operation allowed is union. Most important is the development of effective and realistic cost functions for inductive query evaluation and their use in query optimization. The first optimization is to suggest associated popular query terms to the user corresponding to a search query. However  , we believe that the optimization of native SPARQL query engines is  , nevertheless   , an important issue for an efficient query evaluation on the Semantic Web. Thus  , optimization may reduce the space requirements to Se114 of the nonoptimized case  , where Se1 is the selectivity factor of the query. the resulting query plan can be cached and re-used exactly the way conventional query plans are cached. Extended Datalog is a query language enabling query optimization but it does not have the full power of a programming language.  Order-Preserving Degree OPD: This metric is tailored to query optimization and measures how well Comet preserves the ordering of query costs. We continue with another iteration of query optimization and data allocation to see if a better solution can be found. SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. The X-axis shows the number of levels of nesting in each query  , while the Y-axis shows the query execution time. However  , a clever optimization of interpreted techniques known as query/sub-query has been developped at ECRC Vieille86 . 4  , 5 proposed using statistics on query expressions to facilitate query optimization. This capability is crucial for many different data management tasks such as data modeling   , data integration  , query formulation  , query optimization  , and indexing. Likewise query rewrite and optimization is more complex for XML queries than for relational queries. We also briefly discuss how the expand operator can be used in query optimization when there are relations with many duplicates. Therefore  , many queries execute selection operations on the base relations before executing other  , more complex operations. In 13   , the query containment problem under functional dependencies and inclusion dependencies is studied. In 22   , a scheme for utilizing semantic integrity constraints in query optimization  , using a graph theoretic approach  , is presented. Users do not have to possess knowledge about the database semantics  , and the query optimieer takes this knowledge into account to generate Semantic query optimization is another form of automated programming. Thus  , cost functions used by II heavily influence what remote servers i.e. However  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. The proposed method yielded two major innovations: inclusive query planning  , and query optimization. We can see that the transformation times for optimized queries increase with query complexity from around 300 ms to 2800ms. To reduce execution costs we introduced basic query optimization for SPARQL queries. In query optimization mode  , BHUNT automatically partitions the data into " normal " data and " exception " data. Another approach to extensible query optimization using the rules of a grammar to construct query plans is described in Lo88. On the other hand  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. We have generalized the notion of convex sets or version spaces to represent sets of higher dimensions. This includes the grouping specified by the group by clause of the query  , if any exists.  A thread added to lock one of the two involved tables If the data race happens  , the second query will use old value in query cache and return wrong value while not aware of the concurrent insert from another client. Our experiments show that query-log alone is often inadequate  , combining query-logs  , web tables and transitivity in a principled global optimization achieves the best performance. The well-known inherent costs of query optimization are compounded by the fact that a query submitted to the database system is typically optimized afresh  , providing no opportunity to amortize these overheads over prior optimizations . The inclusive query planning idea is easier to exploit since its outcome  , the representation of the available query tuning space  , can also be exploited in experiments on best-match IR systems. But in parametric query optimization  , we need to handle cost functions in place of costs  , and keep track of multiple plans  , along with their regions of optimality  , for each query/subexpression. At query execution time  , when the actual parameter values are known  , an appropriate plan can be chosen from the set of candidates  , which can be much faster than reoptimizing the query. For each relation in a query  , we record one possible transmission between the relation and the site of every other relation in the query  , and an additional transmission to the query site. Query compilation produces a single query plan for both relational and XML data accesses  , and the overall query tree is optimized as a whole.  Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. The query optimizer shuffles operators around in the query tree to produce a faster execution plan  , which may evaluate different parts of the query plan in any order considered to be correct from the relational viewpoint. As the accuracy of any query optimizer is dependent on the accuracy of its statistics  , for this application we need to accurately estimate both the segment and overall result selectivities. Consequently  , all measurements reported here are for compiled query plan execution i.e. Figure 5shows the DAG that results from binary scoring assuming independent predicate scoring for the idf scores of the query in Figure 3. Hence the discussion here outlines techniques that allow us to apply optimizations to more queries. The conventional approach to query optimization is to examine each query in isolation and select the execution plan with the minimal cost based on some predcfincd cost flmction of I0 and CPU requirements to execute the query S&79. Note that our optimization techniques will never generate an incorrect query — they will either not apply in which case we will generate the naive query or they will apply and will generate a query expected to be more efficient than the naive query. If alternative QGM representations are plausible depending upon their estimated cost  , then all such alternative QGMs are passed to Plan Optimization to be evaluated  , joined by a CHOOSE operator which instructs the optimizer to pick the least-cost alternative. Further  , the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. The optimization prohlem then uses the response time from the queueing model to solve for an improved solution. Yet another important advantage is that the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. As optimizers based on bottom-up Zou97  , HK+97  , JMP97 and top-down Ce96  , Gra96 search strategies are both extensible Lo88  , Gra95 and in addition the most frequently used in commercial DBMSs  , we have concentrated our research on the suitability of these two techniques for parallel query optimization. In Tables 8 and 9 we do not see any improvement in preclslon at low recall as the optimization becomes more aggressive. Once we have added appropriate indexes and statistics to our graph-based data model  , optimizing the navigational path expressions that form the basis of our query language does resemble the optimization problem for path expressions in object-oriented database systems  , and even to some extent the join optimization problem in relational systems. In this paper  , we present a new architecture for query optimization  , based on a blackbonrd xpprowh  , which facilitates-in combination with a building block  , bottom-up arrscrnbling approach and early aqxeasiruc~~l. Although catalog management schemes are of great practical importance with respect to the site auton- omy 14  , query optimization 15  , view management l  , authorization mechanism 22   , and data distribution transparency 13  , the performance comparison of various catalog management schemes has received relatively little attention 3  , 181. Using the QGM representation of the query as input  , Plan Optimization then generates and models the cost of alternative plans  , where each plan is a procedural sequence of LOLEPOPs for executing the query. Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. Some of the issues to consider are: isolation levels repeatable read  , dirty read  , cursor stability  , access path selection table scan  , index scan  , index AND/ORing MHWC90  , Commit_LSN optimization Mohan90b  , locking granularity record  , page  , table  , and high concurrency as a query optimization criterion. The optimization techniques being currently implemented in our system are : the rewriting of the FT 0 words into RT o   , a generalization of query modification in order to minimize the number of transitions appearing in the query PCN  , the transformation of a set of database updates into an optimized one as SellisgS does  , and the " push-up " of the selections. -The optimizer can use the broad body of knowledge developed for the optimization of relational calculus and relational algebra queries see  JaKo85  for a survey and further literature. Let us mathematically formulate the problem of multi-objective optimization in database retrieval and then consider typical sample applications for information systems: Multi-objective Retrieval: Given a database between price  , efficiency and quality of certain products have to be assessed  Personal preferences of users requesting a Web service for a complex task have to be evaluated to select most appropriate services Also in the field of databases and query optimization such optimization problems often occur like in 22 for the choice of query plans given different execution costs and latencies or in 19 for choosing data sources with optimized information quality. The optimization problem can be solved by employing existing optimization techniques  , the computation details of which  , though tedious  , are rather standard and will not be presented here. It is not our goal in this paper to analyze optimization techniques for on-disk models and  , hence  , we are not going to compare inmemory and on-disk models. Queries over Changing Attributes -The attributes involved in optimization queries can vary based on the iteration of the query. In this paper we present a general framework to model optimization queries. As such  , the framework can be used to measure page access performance associated with using different indexes and index types to answer certain classes of optimization queries  , in order to determine which structures can most effectively answer the optimization query type. Each query was executed in three ways: i using a relational database to store the Web graph  , ii using the S-Node representation but without optimization  , and iii using S- Node with cluster-based optimization. The purpose of this example is not to define new optimization heuristics or propose new optimization strategies. Formulation A There are 171 separate optimization problems  , each one identical to the traditional  , nonparametric case with a different F vector: VP E  ?r find SO E S s.t. However  , the discussion of optimization using a functional or text index is beyond the scope of this paper. The leftmost point is for pure IPC and the rightmost for pure OptPFD. Our optimization strategies are provably good in some scenarios  , and serve as good heuristics for other scenarios where the optimization problem is NP-hard. In addition to considering when such views are usable in evaluating a query  , they suggest how to perform this optimization in a cost-based fashion. The results also shows how our conservative local heuristic sharply reduces the overhead of optimization under varying distributions. However   , the materialized views considered by all of the above works are traditional views expressed in SQL. Note that even our recipes that do not exploit this optimization outperform the optimized VTK program and the optimized SQL query. Some of the papers on query evaluation mentioned in section 4.2 consider this problem. Concerning query optimization  , existing approaches  , such as predicate pushdown U1188 and pullup HS93  , He194  , early and late aggregation c.f. Putting these together   , the ADT-method approach is unable to apply optimization techniques that could result in overall performance improvements of approximately two orders of magnitude! Traditional query optimization uses an enumerative search strategy which considers most of the points in the solution space  , but tries to reduce the solution space by applying heuristics. We have chosen not do use dynamic optimization to avoid high overhead of optimization at runtime. Our approach exploits knowledge from different areas and customizes these known concepts to the needs of the object-oriented data models. The major contribution of this paper is an extension of SA called Toured Simulated Annealing TSA  , to better deal with parallel query optimization. In this way  , after two optimization calls we obtain both the best hypothetical plan when all possible indexes are present and the best " executable " plan that only uses available indexes. We describe our evaluation below  , including the platform on which we ran our experiments  , the test collections and query sets used  , the performance measured. In the following  , we focus on such an instantiation   , namely we employ as optimization goal the coverage of all query terms by the retrieved expert group. In this optimization  , we transform the QTree itself. Our ideas are implemented in the DB2 family. We performed experiments to 1 validate our design choices in the physical implementation and 2 to determine whether algebraic optimization techniques could improve performance over more traditional solutions. Since the execution space is the union of the exccution spaces of the equivalent queries  , we can obtain the following simple extension to the optimization al- gorithm: 1. In the next Section we discuss the problem of LPT query optimization where we import the polynomial time solution for tree queries from Ibaraki 841 to this general model of  ,optimization. This is necessary to allow for both extensibility and the leverage of a large body of related earlier work done by the database research community. The second issue  , the optimization of virtual graph patterns inside an IMPRECISE clause  , can be addressed with similarity indexes to cache repeated similarity computations—an issue which we have not addressed so far. The goal is to keep the number of records Note that optimizing a query by transforming one boolean qualification into another one is a dynamic optimization that should be done in the user-to- LSL translator. It is the translator  , not the LSL interpreter  , which can easily view the entire boolean qualification so as to make such an optimization. The results with and without the pipelining optimization are shown in Figure 17. Besides these works on optimizer architectures  , optimization strategies for both traditional and " nextgeneration " database systems are being developed. This makes the framework appropriate for applications and domains where a number of different functions are being optimized or when optimization is being performed over different constrained regions and the exact query parameters are not known in advance. In summary  , navigation profiles offer significant opportunities for optimization of query execution  , regardless of whether the XML view is defined by a standard or by the application. This example illustrates the applicability of algebraic query optimization to real scientific computations  , and shows that significant performance improvements can result from optimization. Experimental results have shown that the costs for order optimization can have a large impact on the total costs of query optimization 3. Parallel optimization is made difficult by the necessary trade-off between optimization cost and quality of the generated plans the latter translates into query execution cost. In Section 3  , we show how our query and optimization engine are used in BBQ to answer a number of SQL queries  , 2 Though these initial observations do consume some energy up-front  , we will show that the long-run energy savings obtained from using a model will be much more significant. The basic idea behind our approach is similar in spirit to the one proposed by Hammcr5 and KingS for knowledge-based query optimization  , in the sense that we are also looking for optimization by semantic transformation. Other types of optimizations such as materialized view selection or multi-query optimization are orthogonal to scan-related performance improvements and are not examined in this paper. The horizontal optimization specializes the case rules of a typeswitch expression with respect to the possible types of the operand expression. This optimization problem is NP-hard  , which can be proved by a reduction from the Multiway Cut problem 3 . What differentiates MVPP optimization with traditional heuristic query optimization is that in an MVPP several queries can share some After each MVPP is derived  , we have to optimize it by pushing down the select and project operations as far as possible. The relation elimination proposed by Shenoy and Ozsoyoglu SO87 and the elimination of an unnecessary join described by Sun and Yu SY94 are very similar to the one that we use in our transformations. 11 ,12 a lot of research on query optimization in the context of databases and federated information systems. The introduction of an ER schema for the database improves the optimization that can be performed on GraphLog queries for example  , by exploiting functional dependencies as suggested in 25  , This means that the engineer can concentrate on the correct formulation of the query and rely on automatic optimization techniques to make it execute efficiently. For practical reasons we limited the scalability and optimization research to full text information re-trieval IR  , but we intend to extent the facilities to full fledged multimedia support. This study has also been motivated by recent results on flexible buffer allocation NFSSl  , FNSSl. Collaborative Tagging systems have become quite popular in recent years. Two-stage hill climbing 5.2.1. T o obtain a successor node during hill climbing mode  , the following steps are taken. In the hybrid SSH  , localization by hill-climbing is replaced by localization in an LPIM. Two hill climbing scenarios are considered below. The hill climbing method generates solutions very fast if it does not encounter deadends. This experiment validates the effectiveness of the weighted LHS combined with the Smart Hill-Climbing. percolation "  ? .. -the way this task can bc achicvcd : " hill-climbing " gradient methods  ? " 12 and 13show the concave and convex transition of climbing up hill respectively. hill there may exist a better solution. This measure is then used for a search method similar to the hill climbing method. Hence  , the solution most likely converges to local minimum. 4. GA optimization combined with simple hill climbing is used to improve gaits. Finally  , it describes how SBMPC was specialized to the steep hill climbing problem. Hill climbing does not work well for nonconvex spaces  , however  , since it will terminate when it finds a local maxima. In both cases  , concave and convex transition gait are performed sequentially. The detailed tracing results show that hill-climbing started from choosing topfacets and gradually replaced similar facets by less similar ones. However  , even if we combine DP with hill-climbing  , the planning problem is not yet free from combinatorial explosion . However   , we adjust all the weights in a WNB simultaneously  , unlike the hill climbing method  , in which we adjust each weight individually. The final facets selected by hill-climbing usually were still within the top 30%  , while the ones selected by random-were evenly distributed among the results from single-facet ranking. We have experimented with hill climbing in our model fitting problem  , and confirmed that it produces suboptimal results because the similarity metric dK or others is not strictly convex. In the sequel we describe several alternatives of hill climbing and identify the problem properties that determine performance by a thorough investigation of the search space. The general approach can be used to specify the vehicle velocity at the top of the hill in the steep hill climbing problem. Alternatively  , we can follow the hill climbing approach but it is computationally more expensive and requires more scans of the database 18. Each experiment performed hill climbing on a randomly selected 90% of the division data. The hill-climbing match procedure typically requires about one minute. Ten experiments were performed with each of the two divisions. A * search is therefore more computationally expensive on average than hill climbing. The heuristical method can be enhanced with known methodologies such as hill climbing. Finally  , a hill-climbing phase in which different implernentation choices are considered reintroduces some of the interactions. Figure 2 only shows the most often influential attributes; i.e. This procedure is formalized in Alg. As the robot climbed the hill  , it decelerated  , resulting in a continual decrease in velocity. Metaheuristic algo- rithms 9 are elaborate combinations of hill climbing and random search to deal with local maxima. The other dramatic effect is the time taken with hill-climbing; not only is it just a fraction of the time taken without hill-climbing  , it is very close to being a constant  , varying between 32- 42ps for this set of randomised motion parameters and hull sizes between 10 and 500. However  , no results have been produced for mixed level arrays using these methods. For feature smoothing  , we found that it is valuable to apply different amounts of smoothing to single term features and proximity features 5. The current implementation of the VDL Generator has been equipped with a search strategy adopting the dynamic programming with a bottom-up approach. This prompts a need to develop a technique to escape from local minima through tunnelling or hill-climbing. Three basic search techniques are combined to perform the search through the octree space. In our experiments  , the parameter pair Second  , we use the hill-climbing a1 orithm and the crossover-swapping operator in paralfel. Although it is not possible to avoid deadends completely during the search  , we can minimize the probability of encountering deadends based on the measure developed here. Such a path always exists for a connected graph. Further parallelization is possible by batching up all the states to be evaluated in a single optimizer step. For performance reasons  , the iterative medoid-searching phase is performed on a sample using a greedy hill-climbing technique. After this iterative search  , an additional pass over the data is performed for refinement of clusters  , medoids and associated subspaces. 11shows the result for hill climbing using SBMPC  , which commanded the robot to back up and then accelerate to a velocity of 0.55 m/s at 1.5 s  , a velocity maintained until approximately 2.3 s  , the time at which the vehicle was positioned at the bottom of the hill. When the objective function has an explicit form  , Hill-climbing could quickly reach an optimal point by following the local gradients of the function. One approach to reducing the number of choice interactions that must be considered is described by Low 'Low  , 1974. If the stopping condition is not met  , the framework will use a hill-climbing strategy to find a new value for N and a new iteration will start. Feature weights are learned by directly maximizing mean average precision via hill-climbing. Now that the model has been fully specified  , the final step is to estimate the model parameters. We now describe a technique that incorporates hill-climbing and is roughly We assume that which vertices are adjacent to each vertex is pre-computed and stored as a part of the polyhedron representation. Mobile manipulators may have difficulties for the stability in climbing up a hill  , maneuvering on unstructured terrain  , and fast manipulation. following and hill-climbing control laws  , moving between and localizing at distinctive states. The JUKF functioned as expected. The transformation that produces the best match is then used to correct the dead reckoning error. High and low values were chosen empirically based on reasonable values for level ground and hill climbing. All parameter values are tuned based on average precision since retrieval is our final task. Like the hill climbing method  , we stop adjusting the weights when the increase between the current AUC and the previous AUC is less than a very small value ¯. Expert knowledge can be included in the methods  , and the definition of the problem can be changed in different ways to reflect different user envi- ronments. Overall  , hill-climbing helps us reducing overlapping facets without losing much coverage of target articles. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the soft cardinalitybased semantic similarity where the expert coreness annotations were used as training data. There exist two general approaches: the hill-climbing approach based on the MDL score 16  , 23  , the prevalent  , more practical one which is used here  , and the constraint-based approach. First  , it can localize unambiguously at any pose within the LPM rather than relying on the basic SSH strategy of hill-climbing to an unambiguous pose. The method of simulated annealing provides suck a technique of avoiding local minima. Hill-climbing method is used for its simplicity and effectiveness. In our approach to GSL  , data patterns are first matched to HEC cluster patterns through hill-climbing 8201. Then mobile robots can plan motion using the multi-functional and efficient traversability vector t-vector obstacle detection model 6. To reduce the computational cost  , pruning using problem specific constraints is necessary. ORCLUS 3  , finds arbitrarily oriented clusters by using ideas related to singular value decomposition. To identify modes  , all data points are taken as starting points and their location is updated through a sequence of hill climbing step. Only those data points that have a density exceeding the noise threshold before beginning the hill-climbing are assigned to a cluster center. This hill-climbing search was conducted on COCOMO II data divided into pre-and post-1990 projects. We usually settle at a maximum within 15–25 iterations: Figure 3shows that Jα quickly grows and stabilizes with successive iterations. For the following discussion  , we assume medium or large nonindexed images and unrestricted variables. Earlier authors have considered instead using hill-climbing approaches to adjust the parameters of a graph-walk 14. 1for the robot is generated between the two node positions. In many cases the contact positions had to be heavily adjusted to fulfill reachability. Since our method has only 3 parameters  , we calculated their optimal setting with a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search method. Tuning Interrelated Knobs: We may know of fast procedures to tune a set of interrelated knobs. Note  , that this maximization is a special case of the maximization of the posterior 3  , just that the likelihood becomes a constant. We run preliminary experiments on a small scale system to validate that the theoretical results hold. That figure shows the percentage of times an attribute was selected by a N =4 hill climbing search. Hill climbing has the potential to get stuck in a local minimum or freeze  , so stopping heuristics are required. Table 8compares results for some fixed level arrays reported in 22 . The hill-climbing approach is fast and practical. We then perform a hill-climbing search in the hierarchy graph starting from that pair. In order to comprehend the behavior of hill climbing under different combinations of search strategies  , we first study the search space for configuration similarity. Therefore  , we propose as an " optimal " path the one obtained by a hill-climbing method with Euclidean distances as the metric for edge weight. Remolina and Kuipers 13  ,  151 present a formalization of the SSH framework as a non-monotonic logical theory. A gateway is a boundary between qualitatively different regions of the environment: in the basic SSH  , the boundary between trajectory-following and hill-climbing applicability. Each gateway has two directions  , inward and outward. For the refinement step  , we apply a greedy hill climbing procedure explained in Sec. This energy could be employed for hill climbing or long jumping  , or converted to vertical motion in a " pole vaulting " mode. Accepting bad moves corresponds to perform what is called a hill climbing: on the other side of the hill there may exist a better solution. This commanded velocity profile resulted in the vehicle's front wheels reaching the top of the hill at approximately 4.1 s. A time-lapse sequence of the motion with and without SBMPC is shown in Figure 12. All the other runs got stuck in an infeasible local maximum. Section II describes the dynamic model used in this research  , which was developed in 5 and emphasizes important model features that enable it to be used for motion planning in general and the steep hill climbing problem in particular. Second  , it constructs a complete representation of the paths at the place  , and hence of the dstates and possible turn actions. The hill climbing search strategy modifies the position of one fixel at a time until arriving at a fixel configuration achieving simultaneous contact and providing force closure with the feature tuple. Deletion of tuples is performed symmetrically  , from the leaves to the root  , updating each concerned summary to take into account tuple deletion. The β values are tuned via hill climbing based on the hybrid NDCG values of the final ranking lists merged from different rankers. Since both energy functions can be locally minimized by preserving the overlap  , a definite hill climbing is involved. It should be noted that local optimizing techniques  , such as hill climbing  , cannot be used here to find the global optimum  , due to the presence of local extrema. Despite the great deal of motion planning research  , not much work has been done directly on the area of pushing planning. surface are iden tifiedand counted as rocks for inclusion in the roughness assessment. Surprisingly  , although ensemble selection overfits with small data  , reliably picking a single good model is even harder—making ensemble selection more valuable. The latter approach was chosen in this paper because it avoids representing the high-dimensional feature space. Note that hill-climbing strategies are currently the only ones that are compatible with LLA  , because statistical goodness-offit tests χ 2  require the compared models to be nested. The method applies a " hill-climbing " strategy that makes use of a 3-D playing area measuring   , as visualised in the illustrations discussed above. In the latter case the hill-climbing procedure has been ineffective in escaping a poor local optimum. The average width and height of the facets generated by the three methods were about the same  , except that random-occasionally chose some much wider facets. However  , unlike the hill climbing approach where all the points are reassigned to the clusters  , we do not reassign the points already assigned to the 'complete' clusters . The system performs the path search in an octree space  , and uses a hybrid search technique that combines hypothesize and test  , hill climbing  , and A ' This paper discusses some of the issues related to fast 3-D motion planning  , and presents such a system being developed at NRS. The dotted lines indicate the path each contact took in 3D space during the iterated refinement and hill climbing steps. We can now focus on these type-II knobs  , and perform hill climbing to obtain a potentially better knob configuration. The so-called hill-climbing search method locally optimize the summary hierarchy such that the tree is an estimated structure built from past observations and refined every time a new tuple is inserted. In the experiments for this problem  , only 8 out of 480 single start statistical hill-climbing runs 6 hours on one Sparc 20 per run converged to a feasible solution-that is approximately 1.7%. It can be noticed that climbing hills are not very well localised and that sometimes rocks are wrongly classified as steps down. This set of items is a complete description of what the mobile robot can see during its runs. dynamic programming  , greedy  , simulated annealing  , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 22. The procedure commences with initial support and confidence threshold values  , describing a current location   in the base plane of the playing area. Although hill-climbing had a slightly worse target article coverage than the other two 5% less  , it outperformed them in pair-wise similarity which means the facets selected have smaller overlap of navigational paths. The number of blocks remains constant throughout the hill climbing trial. Additional parameters are tuned by running a hill-climbing search on the training data. Several measurements were made to ascertain the quality of the various selection techniques  , as seen in Figure 1. All of the design and selection of the distance measures was done using hill-climbing on the development set  , and only after this exploration was In Figure 1we see both development and test set results for answer selection experiments involving a sample of the distance measures with which we experimented. Applying a hill-climbing strategy for workload intensity along the stress vectors  , we are able to reach the stress goal. Due to the absence of the training corpus  , the tuning of all parameters was performed on the testing data using a brute-force hill-climbing approach. However  , the conventional G A applications generate a random initial population without using any expert knowledge. Further  , we will replace the exponential moving average with an more efficient stochastic gradient hill climbing strategy. This way it can significantly increase the number of prob­ lems for which a solution can be found. We have developed a technique that uses a hill-climbing search to match evidence grids constructed at the same estimated position at different times. The presented data is taken from the above experiment and for the bunny object. 3represents the largest possible output power for one side of the vehicle  , which is 51 W. Generally speaking  , the torque limit constraint 5 is what causes deceleration when climbing a steep hill  , while the power constraint 6 limits the speed of the vehicle while traveling on either horizontal or sloped terrains. This allows us to use iterative hill-climbing approaches  , such as coordinate ascent  , to optimize the classifier in under an hour.  The knowledge base is enriched by learning from user behaviors  , such that the retrieval performance can be enhanced in a hill-climbing manner.  The LGM provides a solid and generic foundation for multimedia retrieval  , which can be extended towards a number of directions. The problems remaining are those of stability and reliability. These parameters can be divided into two kinds: the weights on the classes of words  , like people or locations  , and the thresholds for deciding if enough of the content is novel. In general  , the quality of solutions increases with density. For the few times that the position uncertainty became too large  , we were able to re-estimate initial positions using hill-climbing and GSL. At the current stage of our work  , the parameters are selected through exhaustive search or manually hill-climbing search. Therefore  , a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search is used to optimize mean average precision by starting at the full independence parameter setting λT = 1  , λO = λU = 0. In this case it is advisable to choose the optimum slope which requires the nummum energy consumption. The relocalization subsystem then used hill-climbing to find the best match between these two grids and output the estimated error. During these experiments  , transient changes were present  , in the form of people moving past the robot as it constructed these evidence grids. A hill-climbing gradient ascent technique described independently by Sanderson 9 and Jarvis 4 is to compute the criterion function  , move the lens  , recompute the Criterion function  , and look at the sign of the difference of the criterion. As can be seen  , the energy function corresponding to the optimal assignment metric yields ibetter results than the overlap metric in all cases. In general  , the fitness of the composite operator is adjusted as  By adjusting the operator fitness  , we balance the exploration of new search space and the exploitation of promising solutions found by the hill-climbing algo- rithm. Anyway  , the C parameter tuning is a very time and labor intensive work so that we need some automatic hill-climbing parameter calibration given enough computing power. We needed to index most of the content  , so indexing the content with partial noise was preferred to the one where some content blocks are unrecognized. The ultimate goal of this work is the development of 3D machines that can cross rugged  , natural andl manmade terrains. The heading is then modified so that the robot moves towards the stronger reading. In 8  , we analyzed a simple vision-motion planning problem and concluded that hill-climbing is useful to limit a search space at each stage of DP. In this paper we present a randomized and hill-climbing technique which starts with an initial priority scheme and optimizes this by swapping two randomly chosen robots. For forward selection  , the generation of candidate alternatives to a current model relies on the addition of edges  , because graphical models are completely defined by their edges or two-factor terms. The method searches for the weights that correspond to the best projection of data in the ddimensional space according to S&D. This phase follows a hill climbing strategy   , that is  , in each iteration  , a new partition is computed from the previous one by performing a set of modifications movements of vertices between communities. Given ℐ −   , instead of exhaustively considering all possible element subsets of ℐ −   , we apply a hill-climbing method to search for a local optimum  , starting from a random -facet interface ℐ . To increase the chance of forming a good solution we repeat the random walk or trial a number of times  , each time beginning with a random initial feasible solution. Since EIL for M CICM where the limiting campaign has high effectiveness property or for COICM in general are submodular and monotone  , the hill climbing approach provides a 1 − 1/e ap- proximation 10  , 36 for these problems. However the substantial time required and perhaps the complexity of implementing such methods has led to the widespread use of simpler heuristics  , such as hill-climbing 8 and greedy methods. We shall examine normalized vectors to see if it helps for an easier parameter tuning. The small number of queries in the testing dataset precluded the use of any statistical significance tests. Rather  , it selects a successor at random  , and moves to that successor provided that there is an improvement of MP C. The computation usually halts when we have not been able to choose a better successor after a fixed number of attempts. In other search engines such as Hill-Climbing  , it is clear that starting from a good location can significantly improve chances for convergence to an optimal solution in a much shorter time. Given that the Meet space is unlikely to be convex  , there is no guarantee that this greedy hill climbing approach will find a global optimum  , but  , as we will show  , it tends to reliably find good solutions for our particular problem. Since our parameter space is small  , we make use of a simple hill climbing strategy  , although other more sophisticated approaches are possible 10. Under the experiment's conditions  , the maximum speed on smooth level ground was 4 2 c d s or approximately 2.5 body lengths per second. The goal was to apply SBMPC to the hill climbing problem in a computationally efficient manner. However  , one recursive coarsening step already improves results considerably over mere hill climbing on the original mesh at level 0. For this  , we consider how many hill climbing steps the approach requires at each level and how many grasps need to be compared in each of these steps. In order to maintain a heading close to the centre of the chemical plume the robot employs a hill-climbing strategy in which the robot turns to take sensor readings to the left and right of its current heading. All of the timings in this section were done on a 120MHz Pentium PC running Linux  , and the code was compiled using the gcc compiler with optimisation turned on  , This figure illustrates clearly the usefulness of hill-climbing  , with the effect being most noticeable for larger hulls. Despite previous refinements to avoid overfitting the data used for ensemble hill- climbing 3   , our experiments show that ensemble selection is still prone to overfitting when the hillclimb set is small. For large document clusters  , it has been found to yield good results in practice  , i.e. The presentation emphasizes the importance of using a closed-loop model i.e. This differs from the simple-minded approach above  , where only a single starting pose is used for hill-climbing search  , and which hence might fail to produce the global maximum and hence the best map. We produce five queries with 9 variables  , and five with 12  , and for each query we generate 500 random solutions in a dataset of 1 ,000 uniformly distributed rectangles with density 0.5 density is defined as the sum of all rectangle areas divided by the workspace. The idea of considering both similarity and cost is motivated in Section 4.2.   , pagelinks.sql  , categorylinks.sql  , and redirect.sql  , which provide all the relevant data including the hyperlinks between articles  , categories of articles   , and the category system. These latter effects probably account for the increase in average time per operation for the hill-climbing version to around 250-300ns; the difference in the code for these two methods is tiny. When a local maximum is reached with a stepsize of 0.125 feet and 0.125 degrees  , the search is stopped and the resulting maximum is output as the transformation between the two evidence grids. Besides the discrete design variables  , the size of the search space is further increased by six continuously varying parameters defining the position and orientation of the space shuttle with respect to the satellite. The speed limitations are expected to be particularly important when planning minimum time paths on undulating terrain. Given the vertex We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. The final solution to the optimization problem is a setting of the parameters w and a pruning threshold that is a local maximum for the Meet metric. In order to test this observation we ran experiments with the four variations of hill climbing 2 variable selection  2 value selection mechanisms using query sets of 6 and 15 variables over datasets of I000 uniformly distributed rectangles with densities of 0.1 and 1. Figure 7a presents the performance of the predictive hill climbing approachPHCA and the degree centralityDegi  heuristic under various amounts of missing information for the case where the limiting campaign L is started with 30% delay. The expected log-likelihood 14 i s maximized using EM  , a popular niethod for hill climbing in likelihood space for problems with latent variables 2. Finally  , note that we have assumed here that the coordinates of the object vertices are available on There is a catch though: whereas in visualisation we usually view from single directions  , in simulation we are likely to want to keep track of distances between many pairs of objects lo . We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. Here  , L is the log-likelihood of the implicit topic model as maximized by pLSA. TL-PLSA seems particularly effective for multiclass text classification tasks with a large number of classes more than 100 and few documents per class. Thus  , in all of the experiments  , our approaches include R-LTR- NTN plsa   , R-LTR-NTN doc2vec   , PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa   , and PAMM-NTNα-NDCG doc2vec . Our approach outperforms both the simple PLSA and Dual-PLSA methods  , as well as a transfer learning approach Collaborative Dual-PLSA. It shows PLSA can capture users' interest and recommend questions effectively. 4 propose a probability model called Sentiment PLSA S-PLSA for short based on the assumption that sentiment consists of multiple hidden aspects. K plsa +U + T corresponds to the results obtained when the test set was also used to learn the pLSA model  , thereby tailoring the classifiers to the task of interest transductive learning. Our immediate next target is to extend TL-PLSA with a method for estimating the number of shared classes of the two domains. Given this observation  , we are interested in the question: is regularized pLSA likely to outperform non-regularized pLSA no matter the value of K we select ? Also  , in PLSA it is assumed that all attributes motifs belonging to a component might not appear in the same observation upstream region. For example  , the R-LTR-NTN that using PLSA as document representations is denoted as R-LTR-NTN plsa . In this paper  , we utilize PLSA for discovering and matching web services. Comparing to the distributions computed with PLSA  , we see that with Net- PLSA  , we can get much smoother distributions. Unstructured PLSA and Structured PLSA  , are good at picking up a small number of the most significant aspects when K is small. As the number of clusters increases  , the performance of three methods converge to a similar level  , around 0.8. However  , PLSA found most surprising components: components containing motifs that have strong dependencies. PLSA did a poor job with the smaller yeast data  , whereas PLSA results with human data are quite interesting. The best ranking loss averaged among the four DSRs is 0.2287 given by Structured PLSA + Local Prediction compared with the baseline of 0.2865. This means that NetPLSA indeed extracts more coherence topical communities than PLSA. The most representative terms generated by CTM and PLSA are shown in Table 1. The motivation for this work was to use transfer learning  , when the source and target domain share only a subset of classes. We perform experiments on a publicly available multilingual multi-view text categorization corpus extracted from the Reuters RCV1/RCV2 corpus 1 . K plsa +U corresponds to the results obtained when an additional 10 ,000 unlabeled abstracts from the MGD database were used to learn the pLSA model semi-supervised learning. The above question can be reformulated as follows. The topic pattern First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. 2 presented an incremental automatic question recommendation framework based on PLSA. These motifs co-occur together very often. Compared to pLSA  , Lap- PLSA shows more robust performance: diversification with pLSA can underperform the baseline given an improperly set K  , while diversification with LapPLSA regularized by the subtopics from an external resource in general outperforms the baseline irrespective of the choice of K. The only exception is the case where K = 2  , which is presumably not a sensible choice for K. Second  , judging from Figure 3   , the effectiveness of each resource differs on different topic sets. Using the training blog entries  , we train an S-PLSA model. All the scores are significantly greater compared to the baseline NoDiv in Table 4. It separately extracts subtopics from ODP as described in Section 2.1 and from documents using PLSA 6. In the startup phase  , initial estimates of the hyperparameters φ 0 are obtained. Evaluation is performed via anecdotal results. We compare the topical communities identified by PLSA and NetPLSA. First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. Based on PLSA  , one can define the following joint model for predicting terms in different objects: 1. With PLSA  , although we can still see that lots of vertices in the same community are located closely  , there aren't clear boundaries between communities. Boldface indicates that the W value of a combined resource is equal or above the lowest W of the single resources that are combined. However  , our main interest here is less in accurately modeling term occurrences in documents   , and more in the potential of pLSA for automatically identifying factors that may correspond to relevant concepts or topics. This indicates that the OTM model  , which combines the statistical foundation of PLSA and the orthogonalized constraint  , improves topic representation of documents to a certain degree. Please note in all of the experiments  , PAMM-NTN was configured to direct optimize the evaluation measure of α-NDCG@20. The parameters of the final PLSA model are first initialized using the documents that have been pre-assigned to the selected cluster signatures. Combining all three resources seems to be a relatively safe choice: it improves significantly over the pLSA run on two out of the three topic sets  , and on the third topic set  , although the difference is not statistically significant with a Table 5 : Comparing LapPLSA and pLSA. That is  , with a random setting of K  , LapPLSA regularized with external resources tends to outperform non-regularized pLSA. Formally  , the PLSA model assumes that all P~ can be represented in the following functional form 6  , where it is closely related to other recent approaches for retrieval based on document-specific language models 8  , 1. From the results we can see that  , on all of the three datasets and in terms of the five diversity evaluation metrics   , our approaches R-LTR-NTN plsa   , R-LTR-NTN doc2vec   , PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa   , and PAMM-NTNα-NDCG doc2vec  can outperform all of the baselines. We conducted significant testing t-test on the improvements of our approaches over the baselines. In order to effectively analyze characteristics of different roles and make use of both of user roles to improve the performance of question recommendation  , we propose a Dual Role Model DRM based on PLSA to model the user in CQA precisely. Table 2 summarizes results obtained by conc-PLSA  , Fusion- LM and voted-PLSA averaged over five languages and 10  ferent initializations. The OTM model is able to take advantage of statistical foundation of PLSA without losing orthogonal property of LSA. Therefore  , instead of taking a vanilla " bag of words " approach and considering all the words modulo stop words present in the blogs  , we focus primarily on the words that are sentiment-related. The precision estimates are taken from the TREC 2009/10 diversity task data for Lemur  , and from the MovieLens 2 dataset for pLSA more details in section 4.2. Sample 1 is the result of diversification using pLSA for varying K  , and sample 2 is the result of diversification using LapPLSA Table 6: Comparing performance of LapPLSA and pLSA over random K's. For direct comparison  , Table 1provides the results of the methods of Stoica and Hearst 4 re-implementation by the authors and Seki et al. This has several key advantages: first  , it ensures that PLSA is applicable to any language  , as long as the language can be tokenized. What differentiates S-PLSA from conventional PLSA is its use of a set of appraisal words 4 as the basis for feature representation. The performance of TL-PLSA is higher when the percentage of shared classes of source and target domain is smaller. They develop a model called ARSA which stands for Auto-Regressive Sentiment-Aware to quantitatively measure the relationship between sentiment aspects and reviews . In the S-PLSA model 4  , a review can be considered as being generated under the influence of a number of hidden sentiment factors . Aside from the S-PLSA model which extracts the sentiments from blogs for predicting future product sales  , we also consider the past sale performance of the same product as another important factor in predicting the product's future sales performance. In the investigation  , we also examine the hyperparameter settings for PLSA such as initial conditional probabilities and zero estimate smoothing in the context of our problem. The hidden aspect factors in PLSA models are statistically identified from data while the aspects of Genomics Track topics are assigned by the judges but not results of statistical analyses.  The ranking loss performance of our methods Unstructured PLSA/Structured PLSA + Local Prediction/Global Prediction is almost always better than the baseline. Notice that when no explicit subtopics can be found for a query  , the regularized pLSA is reduced to the normal pLSA. The rationale is that those appraisal words  , such as " good" or " terrible"  , are more indicative of the review's sentiments than other words. In such a case  , the objective function degenerates to the log-likelihood function of PLSA with no regularization. The first column shows the automatically discovered and clustered aspects using Structured PLSA. Their Topic-Sentiment Model TSM is essentially equivalent to the PLSA aspect model with two additional topics. In conclusion  , our study opens a promising direction to question recommendation. Experiments are repeated 10 times on the whole dataset  , using different random initializations of the PLSA models. We can have the following joint model for citations based on documents in different types: We developed our model based on PLSA 4. As probability matrices are obviously non-negative  , PLSA corresponds to factorizing the joint probability matrix in non-negative factors. First  , PLSA is a probabilistic model which offers the convenience of the highly consistent probabilistic framework. From Table 1  , we see that PLSA extracts reasonable topics . However  , in terms of representing research communities  , all four topics have their limitations. The improvement over the supervised methods is shown in Figure 4. Probabilistic LSA PLSA 15 applies a probabilistic aspect model to the co-occurrence data. 1 The pattern based subtopic modeling methods are more effective than the existing topic modeling based method  , i.e. Conversely  , given the NMF formulation in eq. We can show that the new hyperparameters are given by A major benefit of S-PLSA + lies in its ability to continuously update the hyperparameters. We could have directly applied the basic PLSA to extract topics from C O . We adopt the PLSA model to tackle this novel problem. In Section 3  , topic-bridged PLSA is proposed for cross-domain text classification. 5 to regularize the implicit topic model. All runs are compared to the baseline NoDiv. Regularization with most resources or their combinations does not lead to significant improvement over the pLSA run. It then integrates these subtopics as described in Section 2.3. 8 proposed a framework to combine clusters of external resources to regularize implicit subtopics based on pLSA using random walks.   , Dn} the set of reviews obtained up to epoch n. QB S-PLSA estimates at epoch n are determined by maximizing the posterior probability using χ n : . below  , the PLSA parameters may be interpreted as probabilities. We observe that our PLSA model outperforms the cosine similarity measure in all the three data sets. This also shows that our model could alleviate the overfitting problem of PLSA. aspects. The system uses PLSA to extract K subtopic candidates from the unstructured data 7. Then PLSA is used directly to get the topic information of the user. A typical approach is the user-word aspect model applied by Qu et al. S-PLSA can be considered as the following generative model. Laplacian pLSA employs a generalized version of EM to maximize the regularized log-likelihood of the topic model  , L: 5 to regularize the implicit topic model. |1 ∼ 0.21 to around 10 by = 200. pLSA displays a higher relevance probability due to the nature of the recommendation task on this dataset. The evaluation results are shown in Section 4. We also propose a novel evaluation metric to measure the performance . The results show PLSA model can improve the quality of recommending. Evaluation is carried out by showing anecdotal results. Web queries are often short and ambiguous. First  , we see that both pLSA and LapPLSA with different resources  can outperform the baseline. As we have specified in section 3  , these methods model the user either indirectly or directly. PLSA is a latent variable model that has a probabilistic point of view. This is why we call this model semi-supervised PLSA. The results also indicate that the improvements of PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa and PAMM- NTNα-NDCG doc2vec over all of the baselines are significant   , in terms of all of the performance measures. Can we quantitatively prove that NetPLSA extracts better communities than PLSA ? Compared with these alternative approaches  , PLSA with conjugate prior provides a more principled and unified way to tackle all the challenges. Intuitively  , the words in our text collection CO can be classified into two categories 1 background words that are of relatively high frequency in the whole collection. In this paper  , we propose a fully automated PLSA-based Web image selection method for the Web image-gathering Our work can be regarded as the Web image version of that work. We empirically choose the number of latent variables k = 100. Documents are then assigned to each topic using the maximum posterior probability. We then select the subtopic terms from the PLSA subtopic  , which are most semantically similar to the connected subtopic candidates of ontology. Finally  , note that γ = 0 makes LapPLSA equivalent to pLSA without regularization. Second  , using clickthrough data for model training by extending PLSA to BLTM  , leads to a significant improvement Rows 4 and 5 vs. In Section 3  , we discuss the characteristics of online discussions and specifically  , blogs  , which motivate the proposal of S-PLSA in Section 4. For each blog entry b  , the sentiments towards a movie are summarized using a vector of the posterior probabilities of the hidden sentiment factors  , P z|b. We now study how the choice of these parameter values affects the prediction accuracy. The resulting semantic kernels are combined with a standard vector space representation using a heuristic weighting scheme. The other 90% were used to learn the pLSA model while the held-out set was used to prevent overfitting  , namely using the strategy of early stopping. In this paper  , we aim at an extension of the PLSA model to include the additional hyperlink structure between documents . There are many longer and less frequent motifs in the components  , which makes components like 5 and 9 quite surprising. PLSA found components with rare and long motifs. In addition to methods discussed in this paper — frequent sets  , ICA  , NMF and PLSA — there are others suitable for binary observations . Or better still  , to discover both frequent and surprising components  , use all of the methods. It assumes that each word is either drawn from a universal background topic or from a location and time dependent language model. Thus  , simply using PLSA cannot ensure the obtained topic is well-aligned to the specific domains. Thus NetPLSA ignores the various participation information for each user. They are matched to one of these C groups by applying a PLSA model on the concatenated document features. The only exception is the combination of the click logs and the Web ngrams. The picture is a little worse for average attacks. The hidden aspects caught are used to improve the performance of a ranked list by re-ranking. This indicates PLSA models are very promising in finding diverse aspects in retrieved passages. On both text sets  , OTM outperforms LSA  , PLSA  , LapPLSA in terms of classification accuracies due to the orthogonality of the topics. For text categorization  , 90% of the data were randomly selected as the training set while the other 10% were used for testing. In summary  , the ARSA model mainly comprises two components . They assume that an aligned query and document pair share the document-topic distribution. In order to visualize the hidden topics and compare different approaches  , we extract topics from the data using both PLSA and CTM. It reflects the sentiment " mass" that can be attributed to factor zj. where αi and α k are Lagrange multipliers of the constraints with respect to pnvj |z k   , we need to consider the original PLSA likelihood function and the user guidance term. In order to generate gold standard for representative phrases  , we utilize both the true DSR ratings and human annotation. Note that the PLSA model allows multiple topics per user  , reflecting the fact that each user has lots of interest. Table 3 shows that the PLSAbased techniques substantially outperform the Marginal and Query baselines  , and the full PLSA model outperforms its simpler versions. A failure here results in the exploitation of visual features which are used as input to a support-vector machine based classifier. They show that  , by including the click-through data  , their model achieves better performance compared to the PLSA. Moreover  , the improvement of CTM over PLSA and NetClus is more significant on the results of papers than other two objects. Thus the E-step remains the same. However  , the extracted topics in this way would generally not be well-aligned to the expert review. Each modifier could be represented by a set of head terms that it modifies: Similar to Unstructured PLSA  , we define k unigram language models of head terms: Θ = {θ 1   , θ 2   , ..  , θ k } as k theme models.  The ranking loss performance also varies a lot across different DSRs. In addition  , we plan to apply the EM method and PLSA model to promoting diversity on Genomics research. In order to visualize the factor solution found by PLSA we present an elucidating example. In Section 5  , we propose ARSA  , the sentiment-aware model for predicting future product sales. Second  , in most cases  , the W value of those combined resources are in between occasionally above the resources that are combined. As an illustrative example  , Figure 1shows the average relevance distribution estimate resulting for the Lemur Indri search system and the pLSA recommender –which we use as baselines in our experiments in section 4. For Lemur  , the distribution decreases from The precision estimates are taken from the TREC 2009/10 diversity task data for Lemur  , and from the MovieLens 2 dataset for pLSA more details in section 4.2. In our case  , the nodes of the graph are documents and the edge weights are defined as the closeness in location between two documents. Intuitively  , user communities grouped by basic PLSA model can represent interest topics towards item categories. However   , these extracted topics are latent variables without explicit meaning and cannot be regarded as the given categories . On the other hand  , it assigns surprisingly low probability of " windy " to Texas. It is shown to improve the quality of the extracted aspects when compared with two strong baselines. Experimental results show the PLSA model works effectively for recommending questions. The only difference is that Baseline is under PLSA formalism and our model is in SAGE formalism. 2 The semantic similarity-based weighting Sim is the best weighting strategy. Iterative Residual Rescaling IRR 1  is proposed to counteract LSA's tendency to ignore the minor-class documents . In order to understand the data analyzed  , we briefly describe the framework used to implement the lightweight comment summarizer. Intuitively  , CTM selects more related terms for each topic than PLSA  , which shows the better performance of CTM. In many cases  , however  , the reviews are continuously becoming available  , with the sentiment factors constantly changing. Table 2 shows results on further metrics  , showing also the diversification of the popularity-based recommender baseline  , in addition to pLSA. The concept features can be derived from different pLSA models with different concept granularities and used together. Intuitively  , ωt ,j represents the average fraction of the sentiment " mass " that can be attributed to the hidden sentiment factor j. where pz = j|bb ∈ Bt are obtained based a trained S- PLSA model. Instead of decomposing X into A and S  , PLSA gives the probabilities of motifs in latent components. For each component z we pick the motifs w whose probability P w|z is significantly larger than zero. It is noticeable that on topic set 1-50  , click logs remarkably outperform the other two resources across all settings of K. A possible explanation is that this topic set is derived from query logs of commercial search engines 12  , and therefore the click logs have a relatively high coverage and turn out to be an effective resource for these topics. Our probabilistic semantic approach is based on the PLSA model that is called aspect model 2. PLSA was originally used in text context for information retrieval and now has been used in web data mining 5.  represents the probability of head term w h associated with modifier wm assigned to the jth aspect. Since we are working on short comments  , there are usually only a few phrases in each comment  , so the co-occurrence of head terms in comments is not very informative. Unsupervised topic modeling has been an area of active research since the PLSA method was proposed in 17 as a probabilistic variant of the LSA method 9  , the approach widely used in information retrieval to perform dimensionality reduction of documents. Using our TPLSA model  , the common knowledge between two domains can be extracted as a prior knowledge in the model  , and then can be transferred to the test domain through the bridge with respect to common latent topics. Now that we have described our approach to model the relations between subtopics extracted from multiple resources  , the next question is: how can we combine the relations between the explicit subtopics with the implicit subtopics ? By maximizing the regularized log-likelihood  , Laplacian pLSA softly assigns documents to the same cluster if they 1 share many terms and 2 belong to the same explicit subtopics. Baseline " refers to the run without diversification. In terms of RQ4  , we find that LapPLSA regularized with explicit subtopics tends to outperform the non-regularized pLSA for cases where we do not optimize the setting of K  , and simply choose it at random from a reasonable range. In S-PLSA  , appraisal words are exploited to compose the feature vectors for blogs  , which are then used to infer the hidden sentiment factors. That implies that representing the sentiments with higher dimensional probability vectors allows S-PLSA to more fully capture the sentiment information   , which leads to more accurate prediction. It is worth noting that although we have only used S- PLSA for the purpose of prediction in this work  , it is indeed a model general enough to be applied to other scenarios. In addition  , the factor representation obtained by PLSA allows to deal with polysemous words and to explicitly distinguish between diierent meanings and diierent t ypes of word usage. We h a ve presented a novel method for automated indexing based on a statistical latent class model. Recent w ork has also shown that the beneets of PLSA extend beyond document indexing and that a similar approach can be utilized  , e.g. Also shown are simulationsize inputs for three benchmarks for comparison  , with scores from simulator-based profiling shown in parentheses. We evaluate the performance of OTM on the tasks of document classification using the method similar to 9 . Rather than applying each separately  , it is reasonable to merge them into a joint probabilistic model with a common set of underlying topics as shown in Fig. We introduce the latent variable to indicate each topic under users and questions. The amount of components looked for with ICA  , NMF and PLSA methods was 200  , and the frequency threshold percentage for finding about 200 frequent sets was 10%. Components with only one motif were left out  , as they do not include information about the relationships of the motifs . Finally  , the Quality of Services QoS is combined with the proposed semantic method to produce a final score that reflects how semantically close the query is to available services. In the first step  , we propose a topic modeling method  , called Structured PLSA  , modeling the dependency structure of phrases in short comments. Compared with Unstructured PLSA  , this method models the co-occurrence of head terms at the level of the modifiers they use instead of at the level of comments they occur. 11 One of these topics has a prior towards positive sentiment words and the other towards negative sentiment words  , where both priors are induced from sentiment labeled data. In our work  , We employ PLSA 3 to analyze a user's interest by investigating his previously asked questions and accordingly generate fine-grained question recommendation . We keep the same values for λ as were selected in the previous experiments  , and the pLSA baseline in the recommendation task. As documents belonging to each of these groups received by definition similar votes from the view-specific PLSA models  , the voting pattern representing each of these groups is called the cluster signature. We keep the C largest groups with the most documents as initial clusters. Further  , we also see in Figure 3and Figure 4that across different settings of K  , in most cases the averaged performance of LapPLSA exceeds that of pLSA. The overall approach can be decomposed into three stages: In the unsupervised learning stage  , we use pLSA to derive domain-specific cepts and to create semantic document representations over these concepts. We summarized the previous PLSA based methods for question recommendation and discovered that they can be divided into two main categories: 1 methods that model the user indirectly. Although ATM obtains comparable performance to CTM in terms of papers  , our CTM approach can obtain significant improvements in terms of authors. We have shown that the observations can be decomposed into meaningful components using the frequent sets and latent variable methods. The support of a representative opinion is defined as the size of the cluster represented by the opinion sentences. Several follow-up work tries to address the limitations of TSM from different perspectives. In addition to the user and previous queries  , the model can also include result URLs  , individual query terms or phrases  , or important relatedness indicators like the temporal delay between queries 3. According to different independence assumptions  , we implement two variants of DRM. Once a voting pattern is obtained for each multilingual document  , we attempt to group documents such that in each group  , documents share similar voting patterns. Our results have brought to light the positive impact of the first stage of our approach which can be viewed as a voting mechanism over different views.  We propose the Autoregressive Sentiment Aware ARSA model for product sales prediction  , which reflects the effects of both sentiments and past sales performance on future sales performance. Parameter q specifies the sentiment information from how many preceding days are considered  , and K indicates the number of hidden sentiment factors used by S-PLSA to represent the sentiment information. The model can be formulated as In contrast to ARSA  , where we use a multi-dimensional probability vector produced by S-PLSA to represent bloggers' sentiments  , this model uses a scalar number of blog mentions to indicate the degree of popularity. The accuracy and effectiveness of our model have been confirmed by the experiments on the movie data set. Notice that the semantic features are probabilities while word features are word counts or absolute frequencies. In 16   , a method to systematically derive semantic representation from pLSA models using the method of Fisher kernels 17  has been presented. Cohn and Hofmann combine PLSA and PHITS together and derive a unified model from text contents and citation information of documents under the same latent space 4. As in the experiments in search diversity  , the λ parameter in xQuAD and RxQuAD is chosen to optimize for ERR-IA on each dataset. The TREC 2011 topic set seems the most difficult one. One salient feature of our modeling is the judicious use of hyperparameters  , which can be recursively updated in order to obtain up-to-date posterior distribution and to estimate new model parameters. Our method can not only discover topic milestone papers discussed in previous work  , but also explore venue milestone papers and author milestone papers. One of the advantages of latent variable methods such as ICA  , NMF and PLSA is that they give a parsimonious representation of the data. However  , if interesting longer patterns should be looked for  , ICA and PLSA might be a suitable choice. In essence  , it assumes that there are a number of hidden factors or aspects in the documents  , and models using a probabilistic framework the relationship among those factors  , the documents  , and the words appearing in the documents . Meanwhile  , because traditional evaluation metrics cannot meet the special requirements of QA communities  , we also propose a novel metric to evaluate the recommendation performance. The hidden variables in PLSA correspond to the events that a term w in document d is generated from the j-th topic. Once we created the testing datasets  , we extract topics from the data using both PLSA and NetPLSA. Clearly  , there is significantly fewer cross community edges  , and more inner community conductorships in the communities extracted by NetPLSA than PLSA. In the optional third stage  , we have a review segment ri with multiple sentences and we would like to align all extracted representative opinions to the sentences in ri. From formula 2  , we can see that the aspect model expresses dimensionality reduction by mapping a high dimensional term document matrix into the lower dimensional one k dimension in latent semantic space. In contrast  , Structured PLSA model goes beyond the comments and organizes the head terms by their modifiers  , which could use more meaningful syntactic relations. The 7th to 11th column of Table 1shows the results of the precision of the PLSA-based image selection when the number of topics k varied from 10 to 100. With the rapidly expanding scientific literature  , identifying and digesting valuable knowledge is a challenging task especially in digital library. This can be achieved by extending the basic PLSA to incorporate a conjugate prior defined based on the target paper's abstract and using the Maximum A Posterior MAP estimator . Then all sentences in the collection can be clustered into one of the topic clusters. Our approaches R-LTR-NTN and PAMM-NTN with the settings of using the PLSA or doc2vec as document representations are denoted with the corresponding subscripts. The results indicate that the improvements of R-LTR-NTN plsa and R-LTR-NTN doc2vec over R- LTR are significant p-value < 0.05  , in terms of all of the performance measures. The use of hidden factors provides the model the ability to accommodate the intricate nature of sentiments  , with each hidden factor focusing on one specific aspect. The original ARSA model uses S-PLSA as the component for capturing sentiment information. Practically  , as the latent model is estimated from the observations  , it effectively fuses the sources of information. First  , we employ the PLSA to analyze the topic information of all the questions  , and then model the answerer role and asker role of each user based on questions which he answers or asks. In pLSA  , it is assumed that document-term pairs are generated independently and that term and document identity are conditionally independent given the concept. We propose the S-PLSA model  , which through the use of appraisal groups  , provides a probabilistic framework to analyze sentiments in blogs. To verify that the sentiment information captured by the S-PLSA model plays an important role in box office revenue prediction  , we compare ARSA with two alternative methods which do not take sentiment information into consideration. In contrast to ARSA  , where we use a multi-dimensional probability vector produced by S-PLSA to represent bloggers' sentiments  , this model uses a scalar number of blog mentions to indicate the degree of popularity. Like any topic model based approach  , LapPLSA Laplacian pLSA depends on a prefixed parameter  , the number of topics K. There is no easy solution to find the optimal K without prior knowledge or sufficient training data. While results are relatively stable with respect to γ  , we find that the performance of diversification with topic models is rather sensitive to the parameter K. In Section 6  , we will discuss the impact of K on the diversification results using our framework. Topic modeling approaches employing PLSA have also been used to extract latent themes within a set of articles5   , however this approach is heavyweight and may incorrectly cluster important terms causing them to be missed. For example  , in our data it was shown that conservatives preferred writing " Barrack Hussein Obama " over the liberal " Obama " . The Net- PLSA model15 constructs the u2u-link graph as described in Figure 1a  , merges all documents one user participates in into a single document for that user. The effect of the length of these voting patterns and the number of latent variables in view-specific PLSA models are interesting avenues for future research. TL-PLSA outperforms the other three approaches  , especially in terms of precision  , when there is a large percentage of unshared classes Figure 5. The aim in this paper is to find interesting patterns that characterize the dependencies of the motifs in the data set well or patterns that are surprising  , and to provide a comparison between the methods used. With the smaller yeast data PLSA did not do very well  , but ICA and NMF found interesting longer components and maximal frequent sets gave a good coverage of data. 3 The best performance is achieved by Structured PLSA + Local Prediction at average precision of 0.5925 and average recall of 0.6379. Our particular choice for sentiment modeling is the S-PLSA model 2   , which has been shown to be effective in sales performance prediction. For brevity  , Table 3 shows LIME results for only five parallel sections for " real " inputs too large for simulation  , including one from a benchmark PLSA from bioParallel benchmark 10 that is infeasible to run in simulation. Additionally  , there is no natural way to assign probability to new documents. Additionally  , we show 3 author name variations corresponding to the same person with their probability for each topic. Our intuition is derived from the observation that the data in two domains may share some common topics  , since the two domains are assumed to be relevant. γ allows us to balance these two requirements and combine both implicit and explicit representations of query subtopics in a unified and principled manner. Figure 3 shows the result of IA-select using topic models constructed with the following methods: pLSA without regularization and LapPLSA regularized by similarity matrices generated using click logs  , anchor text  , and Web ngrams  , i.e. Table 4 : Diversification result with pLSA and LapPLSA regularized by different external resources and their combinations. We therefore conclude that In terms of RQ4  , we find that LapPLSA regularized with explicit subtopics tends to outperform the non-regularized pLSA for cases where we do not optimize the setting of K  , and simply choose it at random from a reasonable range. Topic models like PLSA typically operate in extremely high dimensional spaces. As a consequence  , the " curse of dimensionality " is lurking around the corner  , and thus the hyperparameters such as initial conditional probabilities and smoothing parameters settings have the potential to significantly affect the results 1. In PLSA models  , the number of hidden aspect factors is a tuning variable  , while the aspects of Genomics Track topics are constants once the corpus and topics are determined. In order to address the importance of orthogonalized topics  , we put a regularized factor measuring the degree of topic orthogonalities to the objective function of PLSA. Experiments were conducted on an IMDB dataset to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed approach by comparing the prediction accuracy of ARSA using S-PLSA + and that of the original ARSA. Only over pLSA in MovieLens we observe mixed results  , with xQuAD producing better values on α-nDCG and nDCG-IA respectively  , while RxQuAD is best on ERR-IA  , and pure diversity –as measured by S-precision@r and S-recall. RxQuAD achieves clearer improvements on the popularity baseline . It can be observed that the redundancy penalization effect of | is consistent with the equivalent parameter in the metric  , i.e. In the first stage  , all documents in the collection were used for pLSA learning without making use of the class labels. In the second step  , weak hypotheses are constructed based on both term features and concept features . The wide spread use of blogs as a way of conveying personal views and comments has offered an unique opportunity to understand the general public's sentiments and use this information to advance business intelligence. The data coverage of the components found by each of the methods may seem poor  , but one must remember that we have discarded components consisting of one motif only. We may present the data as a set of latent variables  , and these latent variables can be described either as lists of representative attributes here  , motifs or as lists of representative observations here  , upstream regions. Comparing the obtained results between the three datasets  , we can notice that our approach in SYNC3 and LSHTC datasets achieves similar performance when reducing the percentage of shared classes. Illustrative examples of these results are presented in Table 5  , which summarizes the results of the PLSA model by showing the 10 highest probability words along with their corresponding conditional probabilities from 4 topics in the CiteSeer data set. As expected  , the diversification results of IA-select based on both pLSA and on LapPLSA are sensitive to the change of the parameter K. In particular  , there is no clear correlation between the number of clusters and the end-to-end diversification performance  , which further suggests the difficulty of finding an optimal K that would fit for a set of queries. We can see that the main difference between this equation and the previous one for basic PLSA is that we now pool the counts of terms in the expert review segment with those from the opinion sentences in C O   , which is essentially to allow the expert review to serve as some training data for the corresponding opinion topic. A new concept called " theme " is introduced in TSM for document modeling  , and a theme is modeled as a compound of these three components: neutral topic words  , positive words and negative words  , in each document. From previous experiments  , we have seen that the number of topics K is an important parameter  , whose optimal value is difficult to predict. Instead  , we start with a normalized random distribution for all these conditional probabilities the results reported in this paper are the average of a few runs. We have evaluated the quality of six different topic models ; since the human coding results were obtained as part of a case study for mining ethnic-related content  , two models work specifically with ethnonyms  , but in each case the assessors simply evaluated top words in every topic: We have trained all models with T = 400 topics  , a number chosen by training pLSA models with 100  , 300  , and 400 topics and evaluating the results. Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. In fact  , the performance of regularization with click logs is still decent ; testing for significance of the difference between run G C and run pLSA has a p-value of 0.077 for ERR-IA@20 and 0.059 for α-nDCG@20. p-value of 0.1 for ERR-IA@20 and 0.054 for α-nDCG@20  , the highest absolute score is achieved across all settings on this set. Note that at epoch n  , only the new reviews Dn and the current statistics φ n−1 are used to update the S-PLSA + parameters  , and the set of reviews Dn are discarded after new parameter values φ n are obtained  , which results in significant savings in computational resources. The dataset was obtained from the IMDB Website by collecting 28 ,353 reviews for 20 drama films released in the US from May 1  , 2006 to September 1  , 2006  , along with their daily gross box office revenues. However  , this kind of division cannot capture the interrelation between topic and sentiment  , given a document is still modeled as an unordered bag of words; and TSM also suffers from the same problems as in pLSA  , e.g. Second  , PLSA learns about synonyms and semantically related words  , i.e. One problem with all the methods described in this section is that it is not easy to select the parameters defining the amount of components to be looked for. Next  , we calculate the probability of being positive or negative regarding each topic  , P pos|z and P neg|z using pseudo-training images  , assuming that all other candidates images than pseudo positive images are negative samples. This allows the transferring of the learned knowledge to be naturally done even when the domains are different between training and test data. To some extent  , we can consider the Web ngrams more similar to the document content than click logs and anchor text. The common idea of these approaches is that a documentspecific unigram language-model P ,~w can be used to compute for each document the probability to generate a given query. The latter strengthen also our intuition  , that TL-PLSA can learn the shared and unshared classes between domains  , when few documents per class exist  , given a large number of classes as in the SYNC3 and LSHTC datasets. That is  , instead of using the appraisal words  , we train an S-PLSA model with the bag-of-words feature set  , and feed the probabilities over the hidden factors thus obtained into the ARSA model for training and prediction. Note that  , in practice  , it is generally infeasible to consider all the words appearing in the blog entries as potential features   , because the feature set would be extremely large in the order of 100 ,000 in our data set  , and the cost of constructing a document-feature matrix could be prohibitively high. In general  , click logs and anchor text seem to be more valuable resources for regularization compared to Web ngrams  , across different settings of K. Notice that the Web ngrams are primarily derived from document content  , so perhaps their lower effectiveness can be explained by lower influence on pLSA  , which also uses document content. We answer this question quantitatively in Section 6. However  , the key issue is doing this efficiently for practical cases. This optimization is performed first by noticing that the exponential loss En+m writes: The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. Stack Search Maximizing Eq. The window provides us with a safety frame that guides the search in a promising direction. iv The large volume of ESI needed to be handled has also been known to lead to suboptimal performance with traditional IR solutions that may need to search hundreds or thousands of individual search indexes when performing an investigative search. 1 also indicate an exponential increase in the number of web services over the last three years. We tackle i using heuristic search -a well known technique for dealing with combinatorial search spaces. an exhaustive search is not practical for high number of input attributes. The search technique needs to be combined with an estimator that can quantify the predictive ability of a subset of attributes. As with any program synthesis technique which fundamentally involve search over exponential spaces  , the cost of our technique is also worst case exponential in the size of the DSL. In our experiment  , the search workload under the fixed workload scheme is set to be 2500 50 generations with 50 individuals in each generation  and is stipulated by workload function w = ϕ 2 in The time complexity may now become exponential with respect to ϕ as long as the workload function is an exponential function w.r.t ϕ. As in relational databases  , where the problem of large search space is mainly caused by join series  , in OODBMS the search space of a query is exponential according to the length of path expressions. The RAND-WALK agent impkments a completely randomized search strategy  , which has been shown to have a search complexity that is exponential in the number of state-action pairs in the system 2  , lo. With the exponential growth of information on the Web  , search engine has become an indispensable tool for Web users to seek their desired information. However  , it is never Copyright is held by the International World Wide Web Conference Committee IW3C2. However  , the problem of finding optimal plans remains a difficult one. For example  , our Mergesort branch policy still leaves an exponential search for worst-case executions. As we hypothesized  , the rate parameter of the exponential in Eq. A query task classification system was also employed  , based on 32 words indicative of home page search such as 'home' or 'homepage'. Watchpoint descriptions begin with a list of module names. These search based methods work only for low-dimensional systems because their time/space complexity is exponential in the dimension of the explored set. For a given sample data set  , the number of possible model structures which may fit the data is exponential in the number of variables ' . Existing DSE tools alleviate path explosion using search strategies and heuristics that guide the search toward interesting paths while pruning the search space. We also embedded the collision detection method within a search routine to generate collision-free paths. Practically  , it is impossible to search all subgraphs that appear in the database. This reduces the computational complexity from 0  2 ~  to oN~ or from exponential computational time to polynomial computational time  121. Frequent closed itemsets search space is exponential to |I| i.e. To solve the problems optimally  , it requires an exponential search. Since the space is exponential in the number of attributes   , heuristic search techniques can be used. Zweig and Chang 43 found that the use of Model M exponential n-gram language model with personalization features improved the speech recognition performance on Bing voice search. The current Web is largely document-centric hypertext. Unlike the univariate approach  , the tuning of covariance matrix Q has an exponential search space  , since we need to simultaneously set all diagonal elements. 26 introduces a way to empirically search for an exponential model for the documents. the size of the search space increases in a strong exponential manner as the number of input attributes grows  141  , i.e. These conditions are easily checked  , but the exponential number of partitions m must be fairly large to allow decryption renders ex- haustive search impossible. In the worst case  , the search for all possible alliances in order to not miss any solution to the original problem reintroduces exponential complexity. The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. When dealing with a human figure  , the notion of naturalness will come into consideration. Finding locally optimal solutions in this respect would be a logical approach and is the subject of current research. With about 32 degree of freedom DOfs to be determined for each frame  , there is the potential of exponential compl exity evaluating such a high dimensional search space. Theoretically  , the number of paths is exponential in the user-assigned search depth. Further advances in compositional techniques 26  , pruning redundant paths 7  , and heuristics search 9 ,40 are needed. Using an exponential distribution to accomplish a blending of time and language model Eq. From Table 1  , we can see that the search space for optimizing a path expression is exponential to the path length. The heuristic-search has the exponential computational complexity at the worst case. Because of the size of the graph  , this requires exponential time to solve using standard graph search techniques. However  , Grimson lo has shown that in the gencpal case  , where spurious m e a surements can arise  , the amount of search needed to find the hest interpretation is still exponential. A distributed e-library is perhaps best explained as a huge  , global database  , where search engines or directory services act as the indexes to information see  , Figure 11. To tame this exponential growth  , we use a beam search heuristic: in each iteration  , we save only the best β number of ungrounded rules and pass them to the next iteration. However  , for most practical problems  , solutions are easier to find and such search is not neces- sary. The organization of this paper is described as follows . Even though this bmte-force approach  , unlike the other work mentioned above  , guarantees optimality and completeness  , it k n o t practical for larger scale problems because of its computational complexity  , which is exponential in the number of moving droplets. As each evaluated state in the search requires execution of a collision detection method  , an efficient method will effectively reduce the magnitude of the base of the exponential relationship  , significantly improving the time performance of the search. This is especially important  , since the search space is exponential and the number of MDS patterns present in the data may also be very large. Due to its exponential complexity  , exhaustive search is only feasible for very simple queries and is implemented in few research DBMSs  , mainly for performance comparison purposes. Despite the exponential growth of Web content  , we believe the relevance of content returned by search engines will improve as query options will become more flexible. If the query optimizer can immediately find the profitable nary operators to apply on a number of collections  , the search space will be largely reduced since those collections linked by the nary operator can be considered as one single collection. An exhaustive search method that evaluates all the possible  i 0 values can require a total of r n combinations which is exponential with n and can require a large amount of calculation time. As the exponential growth of web pages and online documents continues  , there is an increasing need for retrieval systems that are capable of dealing with a large collection of documents and at the same time narrowing the scope of the search results not only relevant documents but also relevant passages or even direct answers. They adjust an exponential discount model to the expected quality of a search experience  , based on the session information. In modern query optimizer architectures FV94  , FG94  , different components are driven by different search strategies; thus  , it would be useful to have a special combination of strategies for optimizing path expressions . Early signs of such trends are visible with Google and Microsoft providing Twitter based search results for real-time events  , and exponential growth of tools like Yelp and Foursquare. The restricted search space has still an exponential size with respect to dimensionality  , which makes enumeration impossible for higher dimensionalities. In section 4 we show that for common scenarios there is significant benefit to nevertheless search for the best cost minimal reformulation. Unfortunately  , it is well known that the generation of the reachability tree takes exponential time for the general case. They use this model to generate a set of weights for terms from past queries  , terms from intermediate ranked lists and terms from clicked documents  , yielding an alternative representation of the last query in a session. If the moving direction keeps the same in the iterations  , the step increases faster than an exponential function and is given by iteration the search span at the moving direction  , a is the Fig. The approach to searching these huge spaces has been to apply heuristics to effectively reduce the extent of the space. Understandably  , model refinement implies exponential enhancement in the search space where the solution should be found. A simple chemical data set of 300 molecules can require many hours to mine when the user specifies a low support threshold. This occurs because a worst-case Mergesort execution must alternate between the two sides of a critical conditional  , but our generator can only capture that worst-case paths are always permitted to take either branch. This suggests that using the m most recent queries as the the search context for generating recommendations will likely introduce off-topic information  , causing recommendations that seem out of place. For taking the rank into consideration  , an exponential decay function with half-life α = 7 is proposed by Ziegler et al. Even then  , the exhaustive search is lirmted in the range and resolution of the weights considered  , and often has to be approximated by either gradient-descent or decomposmon techniques. The complexity of the planner is exponential on the number of joints  , and is of the order of Mn2nu   , where A4 is the discretization of the rectangular grid. A major challenge in substructure mining is that the search space is exponential with respect to the data set  , forcing runtimes to be quite long. To find out the best model structure from this huge space  , an efficient search strategy is highly demanded. Heuristic search aspires to solve this problem efficiently by utilizing background knowledge encoded in a heuristic function. After fitting a combination of exponential and Weibull models to their data  , they report that roughly 10% of inter-modification intervals are 10 days or less and roughly 72% are 100 days or less. To put this into perspective  , even for the simple snowflake example with 12 nodes  , the size of the lattice is 1024 and the size of the game tree is 1024 factorial the amount of time required to search the game tree  , an astronomically large number. In order to prevent this exponential increase of the planning time for queries with many patterns  , we use a greedy query optimizer when the number of patterns in the query is greater than a fixed number. Then the document scores and their new ranks are transformed using exponential function and logarithmic function respectively. In order to deal with configuration similarity under limited time  , Papadias et al. In Section 5 we present a technique based on analyzing the properties of ideal queries  , and using those observations to prune the option search space. In this work  , we take advantage of the advancement in speech recognition  , to explore a high-quality transcribed query log  , but do not delve into speech recognition aspects. Specifically  , it was shown empirically that the score distributions on a per query basis may be fitted using an exponential distribution for the set of non-relevant documents and a normal distribution for the set of relevant documents. In order to avoid this situation  , most researchers 1623 focus on a special case where all images/frames contain exactly the same set of labeled objects. Along the line of similar studies  , the statistics suggest an exponential growth of pages on the WWW. In general  , in the worst case we would need to look at all possible subsets of triples an exponential search space even for the simplest queries. OPTIMIZED uses memoization to avoid this exponential explosion: it never expands a rule more than once per query. During the past decade colleges and universities have witnessed an exponential growth in digital information available for teaching and learning. The only approach that could be employed is systematic search  17 18  , which due to the worst case exponential cost is not guaranteed to terminate within reasonable time. We first show that the score distributions for a given query may be modeled using an exponential distribution for the set of non-relevant documents and a normal distribution for the set of relevant documents. In these conditions   , the interpretation tree approach seems impracticable except for very small maps. However  , the discretized equations of motion can be formulated in such way that most of the operations can be precomputed. With a case-base on the order of ten cases  , we were able to solve a set of ASG tasks which otherwise require exponential time because of the spatial properties involved. Figure 3shows the scalability of All-Significant-Pairs and LiveSet-Driven with respect to various gradient thresholds . This is a very important issue since if the rules were applied in an unordered and exhaustive manner there would be the problem of exponential explosion of the search space. By making objects a part of the domain model  , SPPL planner avoids unnecessary grounding and symmetries  , and the search space is reduced by an exponential factor as a result. The occurrence of sub-itemsets in the search space is a threat when answer completeness is required. sheet approach all require user examination to discard unintended mappings 8  with extra effort devoted to search for mappings not automatically generated missed mappings. Allowing disconnected sub-ensembles would imply an exponential search through all subsets of the total ensemble  , and distributing information between the members of these subsets would require significant multi-hop messaging. T Query arrival rate described by an exponential distribution with mean 1/λ  , T = λ. ts Seek plus latency access time  , ms/postings list  , ts = 4 throughout. To allow larger distances to increase backtracking capability and avoid the exponential explosion  , a maximum number of markings is allowed at each level. The second challenge is that the MDS's frequency threshold cannot be set as high as it is in frequent subsequence mining. The straightforward exhaustive search is apparently infeasible to this problem  , especially for highdimensional datasets. The perplexity of tweet d is given by the exponential of the log likelihood normalized by the number of words in a tweet. In contrast  , the proposed approach in this paper leverages the exponential character of the probabilistic quadtree to dramatically reduce the state space  , which also benefits the Fig. In this section  , we show how to normalize a tRDF database — later  , in Section 6  , we will show experimentally that normalization plays a big part in evaluating queries efficiently at the expense of a small increase in the storage space. Our analytical model has these features:  Pages have finite lifetime following an exponential distribution Section 5.1. If the size of d is p the number of alternatives then after n steps there are pn possible target configurations  , so the search space is exponential. Although abstract action models capture the world dynamics compactly  , using them for planning is challenging: the state space in relational domains is exponential in the number of objects  , the search space of action sequences is huge  , and reasoning about actions is aggravated by the their stochasticity. The key feature of the prophet graph  , is that we can use it to compute the solution to the query without having to refer to the original graph G. Though PRO-HEAPS still has exponential computational complexity in the worst case  , in practice it is able to execute queries in real time as shown in our Section 4. The ontology building experience in my Grid suggests the need of automated tools that support the ontology curator in his work  , especially now with the exponential increase of the number of bioinformatics services. Because NDCG focuses on ranking for top pairs  , it is extensively used to measure and compare the performances of rankers or search engines. Our approach differs in three ways: our method for finding the internal grasp force can be carried on efficiently during the computation of the robot dynamics 9; we use a penalty-based optimization rather than a potentially exponential search; and we deal directly with the frictional constraints  , which requires knowing or estimating only the coefficient of kinetic friction between the fin ers and the grasped object. Defining the I-space and a continuous mapping from I-space onto W-space. A mapping from capability space to resource space expresses the fidelity profiles of available applications. As described by Heck- bert Hec86   , the traditional graphical texturing problem comprises mapping a defined texture from some convenient space called the texture-space   , to the screen-space. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: Example. Let R be the orientation mapping from the surface-space to the world-space The object's surface-space can thus be mapped to world-space. This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. For homogeneous robots  , it is the mapping From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. We call this new space the reduced information space and the mapping from the information space onto it the aggregation map. The radial distance between the camera and target  , as measured along the optical axis  , factors into this mapping. This fixed mapping gives more flexibility to the k-mer feature space  , but only increases the size of the feature space by a constant factor of 2. The tangential space mapping where V s 7 is tlie gradient function for 7. and Veep is tlie tangential space mapping of the kinematic function' . the arm is in constant contact with the obstacle . Mapping transforms the problem of hashing keys into a different problem  , in a different space. Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. The directory space. Reverse mapping is indicated by dotted arrows  , where the mapping of force flows in the opposite direction as velocity. The mapping can include time variant contact conditions and also timely past and/or future steps during manipulation. The texture properties are defined relative to an object's surface. The relationship between the topic space and the term space cannot be shown by a simple expression. Of course  , this mapping concurs with inaccuracy. It admits infinite number of joint-space solutions for a given task-space trajectory. the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. The " directions " of these matrices show the forward mapping of velocity from one space to another. These parameters are used to derive a mapping from each camera's image space to the occupancy map space. B; denotes the stiffness mapping matrix relating the operational space to the fingertip space. There is a continuous many-to-one mapping from I-space t o W-space determined by the forward kinematics of the arm. A singular value decomposition of this mapping provides the six-dimensional resolvabilify measure  , which can be interpreted as the system's ability to resolve task space positions and orientations on the sensor's image plane. The key idea in mapping to a higher space is that  , in a sufficiently high dimension  , data from two categories can always be separated by a hyper-plane. The mapping  , termed the planar kinematic mapping in Bottema and Roth 1979  , is a special case of dual quaternion representation of object position in a three dimensional space. For the defined model the phase space is 6-dimensional. It requires  , first  , mapping a world description into a configuration space  , i.e. In the case of our mobile robot we chose four particular variables for the reduced information vector. This kernel trick makes the computation of dot product in feature space available without ever explicitly knowing the mapping. The Hilbert curve is a continuous fractal which maps each region of the space to an integer. As a result  , collision checking is also performed directly in the work space. Although the mapping is diffeomorphic  , the transformed path to the joint space possibly does not coincide with the optimal path in the joint space. This slicing was developed in 6 for use in teleoperation of robot arm manipulators. Available resource levels are provided by the system  , and constrain the configuration space to a feasible region. The resulting dynamical model is described by fewer equations in the u-space. First  , a conventional automobile is underactuated non-holonomic  , so the mapping from C-space to action space is under-determined . But unlike the mapping on a basis  , a mapping to a dictionary does not allow the reconstruction of the data element. Experiments in 1  , 5 show that the LegoDB mapping engine is very effective in practice and can lead to reductions of over 50% in the running times of queries as compared to previous mapping techniques. We have proved that the forbidden region of an obstacle can be computed only by mapping the boundary of the obstacle using the derived mapping function. Also  , the stiffness mapping matrix B; between the operational space and the fingertip space of each hand can be represented by where i  B ;   denotes the stiffness mapping matrix between the operational space and the fingertip space of the ith hand. Due to space limitations  , we cannot present all mapping rules. However  , non-holonomic vehicles have constrained paths of traversal and require a different histogram mapping. We have performed the task that pouring water from a bottle with the power grasp  , which can test the joint space mapping method. Similar to the mapping on a basis the mapping on a dictionary takes as input a data space element and outputs a coordinate vector. As reasoned above  , HePToX's mapping expressions define the data exchange semantics of heterogeneous data transformation. The results of the Mapping stage are sufficiently random so that more space-expensive approaches are unnecessary . Teleoperation experiments show that the human hand model is sufficient accuracy for teleoperation task. Instead we provide a few examples to illustrate the mapping. Given the search space ΩP  covering all possible mappings   , finding a C min mapping boils down to inferring subsumption relationship between a mapping and the source predicate  , and between two mappings. The transformation of pDatalog rules into XSLT is done once after the mapping rules are set up  , and can be performed completely automatically. As in the example in Section 2  , the user provides the mapping between application resources and role-based access control objects using a Space-provided embedded domain-specific language. The baseline approach builds a non-clustered index on each selection dimension and the rank mapping approach builds a multi-dimensional index for each ranking fragment. Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the scnsorimotor mapping. The joint space mapping and modified fingertip position mapping method are exercised in the manipulation of dexterous robot hand. Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the sensorimotor mapping. In this context a datatype theory T is a partial mapping from URIrefs to datatypes. That is  , the cross-modal semantically related data objects should have similar hash codes after mapping. A mapping function has been derived for mapping the obstacles into their corresponding forbidden regions in the work space. If we control the sparsity of projection matrix A  , we could significantly reduce the mapping computation cost and the memory size storing projection matrix. The coordinate form representation of the latter is given by tlie n x n manipulator Jacobian matrix DecpO. These solutions realize a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. For example   , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closedloop structured finger such as the finger with five-bar mechanism described in 8  , the backward mapping is unique. In this paper  , we treat a robot hand with five-bar finger mechanism and then the stiffness relation between the fingertip space and joint space is described by using the backward Jacobian mapping. The lexical-to-value mapping is the obvious mapping from the documents to their class of equivalent OWL Full ontologies. 1 We learn the mapping Θ by maximizing the likelihood of the observed times τi→j. The skill mapping SM gives the relation between the desired object trajectory This skill mapping SM maps from the 6-dimensional object position and orientation space to the 3n- dimensional contact point space. That is where it hurts in parallel kinematics  , especially when one considers only the actuator positions for sensing: the mapping is neither bijective several solutions to the forward kinematic problem nor differentiable singularities of any type. Fullyisotropic PWs presented in this paper give a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. The mapping is done through kernel functions that allow us to operate in the input feature-space while providing us the ability to compute inner products in the kernel space. toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. A partial function I : S C mapping states to their information content is called an interpretation. The result is a task velocity toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. Mapping all the obstacles onto C-space is not computationally efficient for our particular problem; therefore  , collision detection is done in task space. the set of positions and orientations that the robot tool can attain  , will be denoted by W = this section  , we show how the robot's task space can be mapped to the camera's visual feature space and then we will consider the mapping from the robot's configuration space to the visual feature space. The control space is defined by the degrees of freedom of our haptic device  , the Phantom. The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. The 2n + 1 variables of.the access tree model form a 2n + 1 dimensional space R. The access model implies a mapping G: S ---> R from the space of file structures S ontu the space of all the combinations of model variable values  , R. This mapping is usually many-to-one because the variables only represent average characteristics of the file structures  , i.e. Weston et al 30 propose a joint word-image embedding model to find annotations for images. For a kinematically redundant system  , the mapping between task-space trajectory and the join-space trajectory is not unique. Further  , addition and scalar multiplication cannot yield results similar to those performed in the data space. Intuitively  , a tight connection between two documents should induce similar outputs in the new space. average pointer proportion and average size of filial sets of a level. But this mapping is not one-to-one  , there are infinite number of possible joint-space solutions for the same task-space trajectory. The tracking of features will be described in Section 3.1. Figure 2shows the resolvability of two different stereo camera configurations. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as Figure 4shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. Since the mapping from I-space t o W-space is continuous  , and since a sphere is an orientable surface  , so is the cylinder surface. An alternative method of dealing with sparsity is by mapping the sparse high-dimensional feature space to a dense low-dimensional space. Instead of mapping documents into a low-dimensional space  , documents are mapped into a high dimensional space  , but one that is well suited to the human visual system. Finally  , Space verifies that each data exposure allowed by the application code is also allowed by the catalog. A mapping from capability space to utility space expresses the user's needs and preferences. 4 showed that the lexical features of the query space and the Web document space are different  , and investigated the mapping between query words and the words in visited search results in order to perform query expansion. In other words  , with longer lifespan  , the partitions at the upper corner of the space rendition contain more tuples  , hence more pages. The Hough transform 5 was developed as an aid to pattern recognition and is widely used today. Ordering paves the way for searching in that new space  , so that locations can be identified in the hash table. In SMART the Jacobian is used for a wide variety of variable mappings. Many classical visualization techniques are based on dimensionality reduction  , i.e. To explain this mapping from intention space to relevancy space  , let us assume we have a resource R which has been tweeted by some author at time ttweet. This difference becomes larger in the region which is far from the origin. The unique mapping is highly related to the concept of observability. Figure 2: Mapping between sensor space and mental space based on empirical rules and physical intuition. Therefore  , it is represented by a mapping of the shape space Q into the force-distribution space T*Q. Using the learned sensorimotor mapping and body ima.ge  , the robot chooses an action in the sensorimotor space to circumnavigate obstacles and reach goals. First  , for an input hyper-plane  , all the cluster boundaries intersect the hyper-plane are selected. Among the many possible ways of choosing a partition   , one solution is to choose a particular function mapping the information space onto a smaller tractable space. The robot links and obstacles are represented directly in the work space  , thus avoiding the complex mapping of obstacles onto the C-space. From this perspective  , visual tools can help to better understand and manipulate the mapping into the program space. a differentiable bijective mapping between the sensor-space and the state-space of the system 16. The redundancy allows one to obtain a low-order model for the manipulator dynamics by mapping the joint velocity q- space to a pseudovelocity U- space. A typical trial comprised the mapping of several hundred square metres of trials space  , followed by two or more days testing a wide variety of runs through this space. Let  , the joint velocity polytope of a n-dof manipulator be described by the 2n bounding inequalities: This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. Tracking by camera pan requires mapping pixel positions in the image space to target bearing angles in the task space. Note that this definition implicitly assumes to be able to generate negative values for the joint variables. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 3shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration . In this paper  , we consider a compliance and damping as impedance elements. However  , there is a large gap between the problem space and the solution space. To compare the operations allowed by an application to those permitted by our security patterns  , a mapping is required between the objects defined in the RBAC model and the resources defined by the application. Space asks the user to define this mapping. Formally  , it is a mapping from types of application resources to types of RBAC objects; the mapping is a relation  , since some application resources may represent more than one type of RBAC object. The robot learns the mapping a.nd categorizations entirely within its seiisorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a priori internal representations. The robot learns the mapping and catego-rizations entirely within its sensorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a przorz internal representations. The results of the experiment are summarized in Figure 4. We transformed the strings to an integer space by mapping them to their frequency vectors. Extensive fault tests show that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly hurt reliability. These embeddings often capture and/or preserve linguistic properties of words. plastic  , metal or glass  , to friction cone angles that define the grasp wrench space. The mapping is straight-forward  , but space precludes us from explaining it in detail. In this section  , we formally define the extension of the database . So uncertainty can be represented as a sphere in a six dimensional space. The -mapping model confirms that this gap does exist in the 4-D space. Triplify automatically generates all the resources in the update URI space  , when the mapping µ in the Triplify configuration contains the URL pattern " update " . However  , space precludes an explanation here. Another dynamically consistent nullspace mapping  , which fits very well in the framework of operational space control  , was proposed by Khatih 61: by the manipulator's mass matrix. Word-embeddings are a mapping from words to a vector space. This mapping has two main advantages. Clearly  , this constraint reduces the size of our search space. However  , the efficiency of exhaustion is still intolerable when SqH is large. This mapping can be extended naturally to expressions. Therefore  , we only describe a number of representative examples  , though others can be described in a similar way. Traditional information retrieval systems have focused on mapping a well-articulated query onto an existing information space 4  , 43. This places reliable memory under complete database control  , eliminates double buffering  , and simplifies recovery. In the EROC architecture this mapping function is captured by the abstraction mapper. For space reasons  , here we just informally explain the mapping semantics by examining the two DTDs in Figure 1. First artificial space-variant sensors are described in 22. This implies that the mapping of a data element in the coordinate space of a dictionary does not allow reconstruction. After this approach  , C hyperplanes are obtained in the feature space. However  , the lack of this optimization step as of now does not impact the soundness of the approach. Graphically  , their mapping points in the space rendition move up wards. The exact mapping of topics and posts to vectors depends on the vector space in which we are operating. Tracking of articulated finger motion in 3D space is a highdimensional problem. We can understand them as rules providing mapping from input sensor space to motor control. The mapping of the Expressivity to more than one sub-parameter consequently constrains the space of all possible configurations. The space of word clouds is itself high-dimensional  , and indeed  , might have greater dimension than the original space. Thus the Hough transform provides a one-to-one mapping of lines in the original space to points in the transform space. Absolute space comes from the idea that the representation for each space should be independent of all other spaces. Since an adversary can no longer simulate a one-to-n item mapping by a one-to-one item mapping  , in general  , we can fully utilize the search space of a one-to-n item mapping to increase the cost of attack and prevent the adversary to easily guess the correct mapping. Because it is difficult to build a feature space directly  , instead kernel functions are used to implicitly define the feature space. Because the synibol space is continuous space and the dynainics in this space is continuous system  , the continuous change of the vector field in the inotioIi space and the continuous motion transition is realized. U refers to map the query text q from the m-dimensional text space to the kdimensional latent space by a liner mapping  , and V refers to map the retrieved image d from the n-dimensional image space to the k-dimensional latent space. Lewis Lew89 surveys methods based on noise  , while Perlin Per851 Per891 presents noisebased techniques which by-pass texture space. However  , it is difficult to work in such a high-dimensional configuration space directly   , so we provide a mapping from a lower-dimensional control space to the configuration space  , and manipulate trajectories in the control space. For example  , the integral and differential equations which map A-space to C-space in a flat 2D world are given below: During the transient portion the steering mechanism is moving to its commanded position at a constant rate. Note that the forward or backward Jacobian mapping between the joint space and the fingertip space may not be unique due to the structure of finger used in robot hands. The wirtual obstacle is a continuum of points in I-space corresponding t o those arm positions in W-space at which the arm intersects some obstacles. When the hand system grasps the peg for the compliance center 0 1 of Figure 4   , this is identical to combine the two cases of Figures 2If the compliance center is moved to the point 0 2   , the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y1 in 6 changes into negative  , and the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y2 in 11 changes into negative . While a tight as possible mapping uses the reach space of the robot hand optimally   , it may nevertheless occur that  , since the human finger's workspace can only be determined approximately   , some grasps may lead to finger tip positions which lie outside reach space of the artificial hand. For a more complete description of this mapping from activation level space to force space  , see 25. Then the two robots exchange roles in order to explore a chain of free-space areas which forms a stripe; a series of stripes are connected together to form a trapezoid. LSH is a framework for mapping vectors into Hamming space  , so that the distances in the Hamming hash space reflect those in the input space: similar vectors map to similar hashes. The one-class classification problem is formulated to find a hyperplane that separates a desired fraction of the training patterns from the origin of the feature space F. This hyperplane cannot be always found in the original feature space  , thus a mapping function Φ : F − → F   , from F to a kernel space F   , is used. In vector-space retrieval  , a document is represented as a vector in t-dimensional space  , where t is the number of terms in the lexicon being used. Therefore  , it can be computed off-line and used as a look-up table  , forming the following pseudo-code: The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. It is not possible  , in general  , to compute the speed and steering commands which will cause a vehicle to follow an arbitrary C-space curve. The interface allows direct mapping between the interaction space to a 3D physical task space  , such as air space in the case of unmanned aerial vehicles UAVs  , or buildings in the case of urban search and rescue USAR or Explosive Ordnance Disposal EOD robotic tasks. Denote the joint space of an n-joint  , serialdifferentiability of g is necessary because the joint accelerations are bounded  , and therefore the joint velocities must be continuous . The space overhead problem is crucial for Semantic Search  , which involves the: use of a space consuming indexing relation: A weighted mapping between indexing terms and document references. The construction of the configuration space  , the control space  , the mapping between them and the haptic forces makes it possible to author and edit animations by manipulating trajectories in the control space. For example  , we can present a current situation and retrieve the next feasible situation through interpolation. If our thesis is correct  , physical TUIs such as the 3D Tractus can help reduce the ratio of users per robots in such tasks  , and offer intuitive mapping between the robotic group 3D task space and the user's interaction space. ORDBMSs that execute UDFs outside the server address space could employ careful mapping of address space regions to obtain the same effect. However  , subsequent research publications report 1 ,13 that a direct mapping from source to target TUs without an intermediate phonetic representation often leads to better results. The manipulator knows some mappings from the problem space to the solution space and estimates the mapping for the goal problem by using them. We will discuss the haptics in Section 2.3  , but first we give the mathematical model. During learning  , the simple classifier is trained over dataset T producing a hypothesis h mapping points from input space X to the new output space Y . FigureObject a has a different geometrical feature than object b  , yet under many grasping configurations  , the relation between the body attached coordinate system of the gripper and the object is the same. Furthermore  , this mapping is naturally a many to many mapping that can be reduced to a many to one mapping in obstacle free environments  , thus reducing the learning space and resulting in a much better generalization. In future it is likely that as we move to a push model of information provision we should provide the means to have local variants of ontologies mapping into our AKT computer science 'standard reference' ontology. The mapping provided by the user translates between the RBAC objects constrained by the pattern catalog and the resource types defined in the application code. Space does not permit entire rules templates are shown or the inclusion of the entire mapping rule set  , but this is not needed to show how the homomorphism constrains the rules. If space-filling curves are used  , the mapping is distance-preserving  , i. e. similar values of the original data are mapped on similar index data  , and that for all dimensions. The PSOM concept SI can be seen as the generalization of the SOM with the following three main extensions: the index space S in the Kohonen map is generalized to a continuous mapping manifold S E Etm. Also  , we performed some teleoperation tasks to test modified fingertip position mapping method such as: grasping a litter cube block only with index finger and thumb; grasping a bulb and a table tennis ball with four fingers. Figure 2shows the structure of the global address scheme and an example mapping. The overall Mapping- Ordering-Searching MOS scheme is illustrated in Figure   2. The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. Here  , we adopt the PARAFAC model 4 to carry out further tensor decomposition on the approximate core tensorˆStensorˆ tensorˆS to obtain a set of projection matricesˆPmatricesˆ matricesˆP The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. LegoDB is a cost-based XML storage mapping engine that automatically explores a space of possible XML-torelational mappings and selects the best mapping for a given application. We represent the design space synthesis function  , c  , as a semantic mapping predicate in our relational logic  , taking expressions in the abstract modeling language to corresponding concrete design spaces. Example 2.2 select culture painting title : t  , Figure 5: Path-to-path Mappings pings save space by factorizing DTD similarities and allow semi-automatic mapping generation. This inference is specific to data types– For some types  , it is straightforward  , while others  , it is not. The solutions we obtain through mapping are not optimal; however  , due to the good locality properties of the space mapping techniques  , information loss is low  , as we demonstrate experimentally in Section 6. Let the mapping function Φ contain m elementary functions  , and each of them φ : X → R map documents into a onedimensional space. In the following  , we measure the information loss of each k-anonymous or -diverse group using N CP   , and the information loss over the entire partitioning using GCP see Section 2. For navigation  , the mapping is served as the classifier for the distribution of features in sensor space and the corresponding control commands. In this method  , the optimal trajectories in the state space are grouped using the data obtained from cell mapping. The information bases under the other mappings show the same general trend. Space uses this mapping to specialize the constraints derived from the checks present in the code to the set of RBAC objects  , so that the two sets of security checks can be compared. If the handles were clustered  , the strength of Btrees and direct mapping was exhibited. When a robot link moves around an obstacle  , the link-obstacle contact conditions vary between vertex-edge and edge-vertex contacts . In this paper  , we investigate the collision-free path planning problem for a robot with two aims cooperating in the robot's work space. However  , despite the importance of vision as a localization sensor  , there has been limited work on creating such a mapping for a vision sensor. Particular mapping functions have to be defined  , which makes the problem more complex but in turn only meaningful configurations might be created. Experimental results on a Pentium 4 with an average load of 0.15 have shown an average query time of 0.03 seconds for the mapping and 0.35 seconds for the ranking when mapping to 300 terms. The user can interact in the 3D domain by physically sliding the 3D Tractus surface up and down in space. Within the RDS we can treat elements of X as if they were vectorial and  , depending on the approximative quality of the mapping  , we can expect the results to be similar to those performed if they were defined in the original space. Queries belonging to this URL pattern have to return at least two columns. Figure 4 shows that the first two latent dimensions cluster the outlets in interpretable ways. We emphasize that these features cannot be calculated before the result page is formed  , thus do not participate in the ranking model. To our knowledge  , this is the first work that measures how often data is corrupted by database crashes. Our second software design Section 5.2 addresses this problem by mapping the Rio file cache into the database address space. This exposes reliable memory to database crashes  , and we quantify the increased risk posed by this design. This is consistent with the estimates given in Sullivan9la  , Sullivan93J. Then any multi-dimensional indexing method can be used to organize  , cluster and efficiently search the resulting points. First  , we generated a dictionary that has a mapping between terms and their integer ids. Documents are retrieved by mapping q into the row document space of the term-document matrix  , A: Like the documents  , queries are represented as tdimensional vectors  , and the same weighting is applied to them. We address these two issues by mapping the answer and question to a shared latent space and measure their similarity there. TermWatch maps domain terms onto a 2D space using a domain mapping methodology described in SanJuan & Ibekwe-SanJuan 2006. In this paper we introduce one way of tackling this problem. IJsing this mapping reactive obstacle avoidance can be achieved. This could be done by mapping the object parameters into the feature space and thus writing them as a geometric constraint. We also plan to apply this method to general C-space mapping for convex polyhedra. Due to space limitation  , the detailed results are ignored. Finally  , an implementation of concurrent control as a mapping of constraints between individual controllers is demonstrated. Nevertheless it's possible that with different kernels one could improve on our results. This paper explores the utility of MVERT for exploration and observing multiple dynamic targets. In semi-autonomous navigation  , omnidirectional translational motion is used for mapping desired user velocities to the configuration space. We then calculate the mean of its column-wise Pearson correlation coefficients with Y . We c m directly transfer the calibrated joints value measured by the CyberGlove@ to the robot hand. If the automated system could function well in this space  , then it will also function well in the retirement community. These include scaling  , rotation  , and synchronization of observations from several tours of a space. The time series are further standardized to have mean zero and standard deviation one. Let¨be Let¨Let¨be a feature mapping and be the centroid matrix of¨´µ of¨´µ  , where the input data matrix is represented as in the feature mappingörmappingör the feature space explicitly. At this time  , it might be effective to subtract the explained component in the target ordering from sample orders. This helps to prune the space for conducting containment mapping. For discrete QoS dimensions  , for instance audio fidelity   , whose values are high  , medium and low  , we simply use a discrete mapping table to the utility space. Since the target predicate has a pre-defined domain of values  , each representing a range  , our search space is restricted to disjunctions of those ranges. triples that represent specific points in the geometric space. Thus  , mapping reliable memory directly into the database address space does not significantly lower reliability. Thus the mapping from one we consider the characteristically same configuration of a manipulator. We use this mapping to parameterize the grasp controller described in Section 3. The particular minimum of 3 in which the robot finds itself is dependent on the path traversed through through joint space to reach current joint angles. For example  , a typical mapping approach  , called approximate cell decomposition 7  , maps an environment into cells of predefined shapes. Second  , the inverse model  , the mapping from a desired state to the next action is not straightforward. The above results represent the first approach to a perception mapping system; it involves all sensors and all space around the robot. The global exploration st ,rategy provides the order in which these areas are explored. Section 2 extends Elfes' 2-D probabilistic mapping scheme to 3-D space and describes a framework for workspace modeling using probabilistic octrees. -procedures for mapping sensory errors into positional/rotational errors e.g. This property can be viewed as the contraction of the phase space around the limit cycle. This is because we excluded the coupling terms iKfxyi=1 ,2 ,3 in the fingertip space for independent finger control. The sensory-motor elements are distributed and can be reused for building other sequences of actions. In particularly  , by allowing random collisions and applying hash mapping to the latent factors i.e. we can both reduce the search space and avoid many erroneous mappings between homonyms in different parts of speech. Imitation of hand trajectories of a skilled agent could be done through a mapping of the proprioceptive and external data. A mapping is defined by specifying an implementation component in the requires section of an abstract package definition. The kernel function implicitly maps data into a highdimensional reproducing kernel Hilbert space RKHS 7  and computes their dot product there without actually mapping the data. Clearly  , this plot does not reveal structures or patterns embedded in the data because data dojects spread across the visual space. two different paths in the interpretation space can lead to the same program. An architectural style specification  , omitted due to space limitation  , defines the co-domain of an architectural map. Section 2 presents object-relational mapping ORM as a concrete driving problem. Space  , in contrast  , requires only that the programmer provide a simple object mapping. Later  , we generalized this idea to map the strings to their local frequencies for different resolutions by using a wavelet transform. 7  , 8  presented techniques for representing text documents and their associated term frequencies in relational tables  , as well as for mapping boolean and vector-space queries into standard SQL queries. The acquired parameter values can then be used to predict probability of future co-occurrences. Indeed  , mapping technology itself—including the prior technology of the printed map— privileges a particular cognitive perspective 9. We built an earlier Java-based prototype in order to rapidly explore the design space for visual mapping of organizations. Our choice of visual design builds upon one of the simplest hierarchical layouts  , the icicle plot 1. The classifier was trained to be conservative in handling the Non-Relevant categorization. Second  , suboptimal mappings have a larger impact in the two-dimensional space than in the unidimensional one. The access interface need only maintain a relatively simple mapping between object identifiers and storage locations. The attribute for each sample point object occupanjcy or free space was determined by the solid interference function "SOLINTERF" in AME. Higher map resolution and better path usually mean more cells thus more space and longer planning time. Our main conclusion is that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly decrease reliability. Mapping reliable memory into the database address space allows a persistent database buffer cache. maximum heap space  , and the numbers of MultiExprs and ExprXlasses in the logical and physical expression spaces at the end of optimization. This narrows down the search space of potential objects on the image significantly. Second  , consider the mapping of textual words into the latent space in LSCMR. The mapping of feasible initial-state perturbations around a nominal initial state x 0 to sensor-observation perturbations is given by the observability matrix Let the columns of the matrix N span the null-space of B. We apply a. liyclrodynamic potential field in the sensorimotor spa.ce to choose an action cf. For an environment depicted in Fig. The fuzzy rules and membership functions are then generated using the statistical properties of the individual trajectory groups. Figure 11shows another mapping. In computer graphics  , for cxample  , an object model is defined with respect to a world coordinate system. Fundamentally  , thc dccomposition in 12 rcprcscnts a. mapping from the space of infinitc-dimcnsiona.1 rcalvalucd functions to thc finitc-dimcnsiona.1 spa.cc  ?P. Employing this demonstration technique saves from the burden of mapping the human kinematics as in other approaches 7  , 14. A phase space represents the predicted sensory effects of chains of actions. We will develop a polygonal line method to avoid the poor solutions by fitting the line segments without any mapping or length constraints. Additionally  , potential clusters are maximally S-connected  , i.e. In the aforementioned methods it is assumed that the dataset is embedded into a higher-dimensional space by some smooth mapping. Figure 1: Mapping entities in folksonmies to conceptual space rameters by maximizing log-likelihood on the existing data set. The intent of any input query is identified through mapping the query into the Wikipedia representation space  , spanned by Wikipedia articles and categories. According to the objective function 6  , we think that the optimal r-dimensional embedding X *   , which preserves the user-item preference information  , could be got by solving the following problem: Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. During the final phase of resolution i.e. These relations may include temporal relations  , meronymic relations  , causal relations  , and producer/consumer relations. In practice  , we can often encode the same probability distribution much more concisely. The mapping from the system state to the Java code we implemented is straightforward. In this section  , we discuss our development of predicate mapper  , which realizes the type-based search-driven mapping machinery. Both problems are NP-hard in the multidimensional space. The relationship between database intension and extension then is an injective mapping between two topological spaces. The idea is to extract n numerical features from the objects of int ,erest  , mapping them into points in n-dimensional space. In the following  , lower-case bold Roman letters denote column vectors  , and upper-case ones denote matrices. The use of these techniques for document space representation has not been reported In the literature. This solution is one of five Pareto-optimal solutions in the design space for our customer-order object model. The second component of the visual mapping is brightness . Indeed  , there is no theoretical basis for mapping documents into a Euclidean space at all. Apart from the limited number of discontinuities  , the mapping from pose-space to eigenspace is conformal: that is  , continuous but curved. The tip of the bucket position and its orientation relative to the horizontal are the task space variables being controlled. Selective usage of these elements may be more suited for specific situations of navigation. The output is well-defined  , closed under the operation  , and is unique. These are highly desirable properties for an unsupervised feature mapping which facilitate learning with very few instances. The camera-totarget distance remains constant when the target horizontally translates in a plane parallel to the camera's image plane and simple perspective is used for the image-to-task space mapping. uncertainty in the kinematics mapping which is dynamic dependent. These approaches build maps of an unknown space by selecting longterm goal points for each robot Other approaches focus more mapping I81 19. Since the PCM contains only obstacles in a fixed vicinity of the vehicle  , obstacles "enter" and "leave" the map gradually as the robot moves. We have shown an efficient and robust method for recomputing 3-d Minkowski sums of convex polyhedra under rotation. Bottema and Roth 1979 introduce this mapping directly and study the image curves which represent the coupler motion of a planar four bar linkage. Mapping motion data is a common problem in applying motion capture data to a real robot or to a virtual character . Mapping with only stationary objects  , and localization using entire observations in which the dual sensor model of occupancy grids is applied for range readings from moving objects. They obtain an affordance map mapping locations at which activities take place from learned data encoding human activity probabilities. What follows is a sequence of strings that define the traversal path through the output space of the selected extractor. The second data set contains 2 ,000 data items in 3- dimensional space with 2 clusters the middle one in Fig.3. To calculate the document score for document d i   , the vector space method applies the following equation: We will now show how LSA is as an extension to the VSM  , by using this query mapping. We also consider transforming the NED mapping scores into normalized confidence values. The other primitives are less crucial with respect to the YQL implementation  , and therefore we skip their discussions due to space limitations. Since the adversary only has information about the large itemsets  , he can only find the mappings for items that appear in the background knowledge. However  , mapping an inherently high-dimension data set into a low-dimension space tends to lose the information that distinguishes the data items. The SOM defines a mapping from the input data space onto a usually two-dimensional array of nodes. This is because wild stores rarely touch dirty  , committed pages written by previous transactions. However  , due to space limitation  , we describe the intension to extension mapping only. We also test a number of other standard similarity measures  , including the Vector Space Similarity VSS 3 and others. When decoding the relative strength of active signals in a complex 3d world with different densities of matter – i.e. The mapping  can not be achieved by the system without breaking contact constraints. For the purposes of synthesizing a compliance mapping   , it is assumed that the robotic manipulator and the gripper holding the object can move freely in space without colliding with the environment. In this paper  , we investigate a novel approach to detect sentence level content reuse by mapping sentence to a signature space. the terms or concepts in question. Our use of the stress function is slightly unusual  , because instead of projecting the documents onto a low-dimensional space  , such as R 2   , we are mapping documents to the space of word clouds. Consider a naive indexing approach where a sentence-file stores keyword vectors for the sentences in the collection. Hashing then involves mapping from keys into the new space  , and using the results of Searching to find the proper hash table location. According to the preceding calculations  , both procedures will yield exactly the same ranking. Therefore  , the knowledge of inverse kinematics mapping is of great interest since it allows the path planing to be independent of the geometry of the robot. Currently  , a 7:l position amplification permits comfortable mapping of RALF's full workspace into the workspace of the human operator. The control law is provided by mapping these two spaces as an open-loop schema. Errors in the estimated and actual generalized force were used to drive the system to minimize the external loads projected into the configuration space. These ellipsoids are the mapping froin unitary balls in t ,he velocity/force joint space to the analogous in the task space. The geometric configuration of robot manipulability includes two wellknown types: manipulability ellipsoidl  and manipulability polytope2  , 3 ,4. But a large number of latent intents would greatly increase the cost of mapping queries from book space to the latent intent space. Most tasks  , for example welding  , insertions  , and grasping   , require a higher precision than can be achieved by using artificial forces. The proposed method uses a nullspace vector in the velocity mapping between the q-space and the u-space to guarantee the continuity in the joint velocities. Figure 7shows the trajectory taken by the wheelchair green when the user attempts to follow a leader blue. Practically  , the document space is randomly sampled such that a finite number of samples   , which are called training data R ⊆ R  , are employed to build the model. Bound the marginal distributions in latent space In the previous section  , we have discussed how the marginal distribution difference can be bounded in the space W . Thus  , we develop a mechanism for efficient wordoverlap based reuse 33  by mapping sentence domain context to a multi-dimensional signature space and leveraging range searches in this space. Index schemes: There have been a number of proposals for finding near-duplicate documents in the database and web-search communities 21  , 37  , 10. Relation c can be seen as mapping abstract  , intensional models of design spaces to extensional representations   , namely sets of concrete design variants. The inputs of the system are assembly quality ternis  , i.e. In their original formulation  , these manipulability measures or ellipsoids considered only single-chain manipulators  , and were based on the mapping in task space trough the Jacobian matrix of the joint space unit ,a.ry balls qTq 5 1 and T ~ T 5 1. A kinematic mapping f has a singularity at q when the rank of its Jacobian matrix Jf q drops below its maximum possible value  , which is the smaller of the dimensions k of the joint-space and n of the configuration space. In computational biology  , it has been found that k-mers alone are not expressive enough to give optimal classification performance on genomic data. But what happens if the grasping configuration doesn't follow any of the simple built-in action models ? In its most abstract form  , the forward kinematics of a serial-link manipulator can be regarded as a mapping from joint space to operational space. A unique mapping will need additional constraints  , such as in the form of desired hand or foot position. Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. Resolvability provides a shared ontology  , that is a scheme allowing us to understand the relationships among various visual sensor configurations used for visual control. is the Jacobian matrix and is a function of the extrinsic and intrinsic parameters of the visual sensor as well as the number of features tracked and their locations on the image plane. This set is called The above theorem states that points in the workspace close to obstacles  , relate to points in the configuration space with even less clearance. News articles are also projected onto the Wikipedia topic space in the same way. The motion strategy can be represented as a function mapping the information space onto the control space. In contrast to this direction of research  , relatively little research e.g. These mapping methods are not widely used because they are not as efficient as the VSM. This fact is especially interesting if the data space is non-vectorial. The derivation of t from a induces a mapping  , cl  , from concrete designs to concrete loads parameterized by a choice of abstract load. Space is otherwise completely automatic: it analyzes the target application's source code and returns a list of bugs. A load/store using out of bounds values will immediately result in a hardware trap and we can safely abort the program . In the above definition  , it is equivalent to compute the traditional skyline  , having transformed all points in the new data space where point q is the origin and the absolute distances to q are used as mapping functions. We employ two well-known space-mapping techniques: the Hilbert space-filling curve 15 and iDistance 23. Given a source logical expression space  , a target physical expression space  , and a goal an instance of Goal  , a Mapper instance will return a physical expression that meets whatever constraint is specified by the goal. The condition number and the determinant of the Jacobian matrix being equal to one  , the manipulator performs very well with regard to force and motion transmission. As opposed t o mapping < to new active joint space velocities through a given shape matrix Jcp   , this approach introduces additional joint space velocities using a new shape matrix . Basically  , defuzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control action defined over an universe of discourse into a space of non-fuzzy control actions. Although inany strategies can be used for performing the defuzzifi- cation 8  , we use the height defuzzification method given by where CF is a scale factor. A key component of this measure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. The set of all possible twists at a given position and orientation of a rigid body is the tangent space at that point; it is represented by the tangent space at the origin of a chosen reference frame. Among the collision-free paths that connect the initial and goal configurations  , some may be preferable because they will make more information available to the robot  , hence improving the knowledge of its current state. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 2F shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. Before planning the vision-based motion  , the set of image features must be chosen. Fingerprint-based descriptors  , due to the hashing approach that they use  , lead to imprecise representations  , whereas the other three schemes are precise in the sense that there is a one-to-one mapping between fragments and dimensions of the descriptor space. Dimension reduction is the task of mapping points originally in high dimensional space to a lower dimensional sub-space  , while limiting the amount of lost information. Therefore  , the text query and the retrieved image are mapped to a common k-dimensional latent aspect space  , and then their similarity is measured by a dot product of the two vectors in the kdimensional space  , which is commonly used to measure the matching between textual vectors 1. I Absolute Space Representation: An Absolute Space Representation or ASR 7   , is a cognitive mapping technique used to build models of rooms or spaces visited. Similar to a  we project these unreachable positions back to the closest reachable position in the workspace. In this section  , the results of numerical simulation of the Stiffness mapping between 2-dof cylindrical space and 2-dof joint space using both direct and indirect CCT are presented. The former problem may be solved by the use of perfect hash functions  , such as those proposed in 1 ,2 ,3 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,9 ,10 ,26 ,28 ,301  , where a perfect hash function is defined as a oneto-one mapping frcxn the key set into the address space. As a result of COSA  , they resolve a synonym problem and introduce more general concepts in the vector space to easily identify related topics 10. Then we attempt to learn a bridging mapping matrix  , M  , to map the hash codes from mpdimensional hamming space to mq-dimensional hamming space or vice versa  , by utilizing the cross-modal semantic correlation as provided by training data objects. The indexing relation is of the kind defined in IOTA Ker84In this chapter we present  , first  , the query language structure. If X and Y are input and output universes of discourse of a behavior with a rule-base of size n  , the usual fuzzy if-then rule takes the following form Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. where a k are comers of the n-dimensional unit activation hypercube  , or the set of all combinations of minimally and maximally activated muscles. Dehzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control actions defined over an output universe of discourse into a space of nonfuzzy control actions. A specific form of the ho­ mography is derived and decomposed to interpolate a unique path. Daumé and Brill 5 extracted suggestions based on document clusters that have common top-ranked documents. The concept of robot manipulability means that constraints on joint space are transformed to that of task space through the mapping zk = J q   , or in general the transformation P = A&. The object centered Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space is an essential component of the sensor placement measure .   , it is very tlifficidt to implement and optimize the mapping f l : l iising the mathematical or numeric approaches. In other words  , it is sufficient Remarkably  , in this case the optimization problem corresponds to finding the flattest function in the feature space  , not in the input space. Consequently several projections or maps of the hyperbolic space were developed  , four are especially well examined: i the Minkowski  , ii the upperhalf plane  , iii the Klein-Beltrami  , and iv the Poincaré or disk mapping. One advantage of this is that the high dimensional representation  , e.g. A fundamental assumption for multimodal retrieval is that by mapping objects in a modalityconsistent latent space  , the latent space representations of semantically relevant inter-modal pairs should be consistent. Tradeoffs   , Pareto-optimal solutions  , and other critical information can then be read from the results. The use of a solid arrow to make this connection denotes that this mapping from the problem level to the solution level facilitates two goals  , in this case both the generation of new variants and also expedited navigation. Scans from a triangle of points in pose-space will project to a non-Euclidean triangle of points in eigenspace. This is generated during mapping; as the robot moves into unvisited areas  , it drops nodes at regular intervals  , and when it moves between existing nodes it connects them. A homography is a mapping from 2-D projective space to 2-D projective space  , which is used here to define the 2-D displacement transformation between two ob­ ject poses in the image. A good example of the use of geometry within this application is the mapping of two dimensional views of the roadway into a three dimensional representation which can be used for navigation. Repeatability is guaranteed in the augmented Jacobian method because repeated task-space motion is carried out with repeated joint-space motion  , whereas in the resolved motion method repeatability is not guaranteed. Valuable prior research has been conducted in this direction for learning hashing codes and mapping function with techniques such as unsupervised learning and supervised learning. To alleviate this problem  , we propose a second mapping which transforms the 3D C-space into a discontinuous 2D space of " sliced " C-space obstacles. For each data item in the compressed data  , a backward mapping is necessary to discover the coordinates of the original space  , so that a new position can be computed corresponding to the new requdsted space. This transformed state space is equivalent to the state space consisting of the deflection angles θ and ψ i with its timederivatives . It is clear that the most difficult phase of object recognition is making the pointwise mapping from model to scene. With the FSTM partitioned effectively as an union of hyper-ellipsoids  , we can obtain the mapping from an input space of a dimensions to an output space of f3 dimensions in the N-dimensional augmented space  , a+f31N. Formally  , any density matrix ρ assigns a quantum probability for each quantum event in vector space R n   , thereby uniquely determining a quantum probability distribution over the vector space. We map the human hand motion to control the dexterous robot hand when performing power grasps  , the system adopts the joint space mapping method that motions of human hand joints are directly transferred to the robot hand and the operator can adjust the posture interactively; when performing the precise tasks  , the system adopts the modified fingertip position mapping method. A recent work has shown that a finger or manipulator should have at least the same number of active joints as the number of independent elements of the desired operational compliance matrix to modulate the desired compliance characteristic in the operational space 5. Force sensors are built into HITDLR hand. To find the stiffness in the joint space of each finger  , first we have to compute the unique Jacobian relation; particularly  , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closed-loop structured finger  , the backward mapping is unique 5. Performing this mapping also provides a means to model the relationship between question semantics and existing question-answer semantics which will be discussed further in Sect. This information is augmented with that derived from the set of answer terms  , thus by mapping a query question to the space of question-answers it is possible to calculate its similarity using words that do not exist in the question vocabulary and therefore are not represented in the topic distribution T Q . Relation a  , an abstraction relation  , explains how any given concrete design  , d ∈ cm  , instantiates i.e. This mapping is described by As in 2  , see also 3  , 4  , 5  , 7  , 8  , we assume that the image features are the projection into the 2D image plane of 3D poims in the scene space  , hence we model the action of the camera as a static mapping from the joint robot positions q E JR 2 to the position in pixels of the robot tip in the image out­ put  , denoted y E JR2. This way of sharing parameters allows the domains that do not have enough information to learn good mapping through other domains which have more data. A pointer in each entry of the mapping table would lead to what is essentially an overflow chain stored on the magnetic disc of records that are assigned to the hash bucket but which have not yet been archived on the optical disc. These mapping matrices are calculated for a given coil arrangement by treating the coils as magnetic dipoles in space and are calibrated through workspace measurements as outlined in 11  , 10. where each element of I is current through each of the c coils  , B is a 3 × c matrix mapping these coil currents to the magnetic field vector B and B x   , B y   , B z are the 3 × c matrices mapping the coil currents to the magnetic field spatial gradients in the x  , y and z directions  , respectively. However  , since the thumb and the ATX are coupled by the position constraints at the attachment points  , a unique mapping can be achieved between the degrees of freedom of the thumb and the ATX leading to the redundancy of the coupled system the same as that of the thumb alone. These internal points are hidden within the polytope P and they do not contribute to manipulability information. Using a known object model the interpolation of thi  , desired path can then be represented in the task space by a 3-D reconstruc­ tion or mapped directly to the image space. By performing a singular value decomposition 8 on the task space to sensor space Jacobian  , and analyzing the singular values of J and the eigenvectors of JTJ which result from the decomposition  , the directional properties of the ability of the sensor to resolve positions and orientations becomes apparent. From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. The 3D Tractus was designed to support direct mapping between its physical space to the task virtual space  , and can be viewed as a minimal and inexpensive sketch-based variant of the Boom Chameleon 14. Assuming that spatial and temporal facets of concepts are potentially useful not only in human understanding but also in computing applications  , we introduce a technique for automatically associating time and space to all concepts found in Wikipedia  , providing what we believe to be the largest scale spatiotemporal mapping of concepts yet attempted. In addition to the object-oriented description of a perspective we define a navigation path where the navigation space is restricted depending on the selected perspective. The navigation space is defined by the semantic distance between the initial concept and other related concepts. Determining manipulability polytope requires the mapping of an n-dimensional polytope Q in joint space to an m-dimensional polytope P in task space by the transformation P = AQ with n > m. It is known that one part of the hypercube vertices becomes final zonotope vertices5  while the remainder become internal points of P . In order to incorporate the curiosity information   , we create a user-item curiousness matrix C with the same size as R  , and each entry cu ,i denotes u's curiousness about item i. When users ask for a particular region  , a small cube within the data space  , we can map all the points in the query to their index and evaluate the query conditions over the resulting rows. For each document in X represented as one row in X  , the corresponding row in V explicitly gives its projection in V. A is sometimes called factor loadings and gives the mapping from latent space V to input space X . If intervals are represented more naturally   , as line segments in a two-dimensional value-interval space  , Guttman's R-tree 15  or one of its variants including R+-tree 29 and R*-tree 1  could be used. A sufficient condition is that the mapping defined by the task function between the sensor space and the configuration space is onto for each t within O ,T. We recall that the feasibility of a task defined by a task function and an initial condition lies in the existence of a solution F *  t  to the equation e@  , t  = 0 for each t within O  , TI. According to the Jordan Curve Theorem  , any closed curve homeomorphic t o a circle drawn around and in the vicinity of a given point on an orientable surface divides the surface into two separate domains for which the curve is their common boundaryll. Then  , Space uses the  Alloy Analyzer—an automatic bounded verifier for the Alloy language—to compare the specialized constraints to our pattern catalog which is also specified in Alloy. As this technique offers conceptual simplicity   , it will be pursued. Successively  , this germinal idea was further developed  , considering the dynamics a  , multiple arms 35  , defective systems and different motion capabilities of the robotic devices 6  , 83  , wire-based manipulators  , 9  , 101. So the joint-space trajectories of the thumb can be determined by the joint-space trajectories of the ATX and vice versa. In this paper we describe the 3D Tractus-based robotic interface  , with its current use for controlling a group of robots composed of independent AIBO robot dogs and virtual software entities. This is just one method of generating a query map  , if we look further at types of mappings  , we will realise that the possibilities are endless. Spatial databases have numerous applications  , including geographic information systems  , medical image databases ACF+94   , multimedia databases after extracting n features from each object  , and mapping it into a point in n-d space Jaggl  , FRM94  , as well as traditional databases  , where each record with n attributes can be considered as a point in n-dimensional space Giit94. In order to guarantee the fast retrieval of the data stored in these databases  , spatial access methods are typically used. HiSbase combines these techniques with histograms for preserving data locality  , spatial data structures such as the quad- tree 8 for efficient access to histogram buckets  , and space filling curves 6 for mapping histogram buckets to the DHT key space. As a request must search the Q buckets contained in the fraction of the volume of the address space as defined by the request  , one method of mapping to these buckets would be to generate all possible combinations of attribute sets containing the request attributes and map to the address space one to one for each possible combina- tion. Space Security Pattern Checker finds security bugs in Ruby on Rails 2 web applications  , and requires only that the user provide a mapping from application-defined resource types to the object types of the standard role-based model of access control RBAC 30  , 15 . However they are not adequate to accurately estimate the actual performance achievable at the End Effector EE for two main reasons: the ellipsoids  , or 'hyperellipsoids' in R m   , derive from the mapping to the task space of hyperspheres in the normalized joint space  , while the set of joint performances is typically characterized by hypercubes  , i.e. Since a continuous state s ∈ S specifies the placement of objects  , one can determine whether or not the predicate holds at s. This interpretation of which predicates actually hold at a continuous state provides a mapping from the continuous space to the discrete space  , denoted as a function map S →Q : S → Q. Moreover  , trajectories over S give meaning to the actions in the discrete specification. For the single stance motion  , we modify the animation motion to be suitable for the robot by 1 keeping the stance foot flat on the ground  , and 2 mapping the motion in the Euclidean space into the robot's configuration space. Using our fully decoupled tracker and mapper design and fast image space tracking  , we are able to compute the pose estimates on the MAV in constant time at 4.39 ms while building the growing global map on the ground station. The approach we take is to use an online optimization of one-step lmkahead  , choosing trajectories that maximize the space explored while minimizing the likelihood we will become lost on re-entering the map. each joint performance is bounded by +/-a maximum value; the ellipsoids are formulated using task space vectors that are not homogeneous from a dimensional viewpoint  , to take into account both translational and rotational performances; the weight matrices used to normalize do not provide unique results this problem had already been identified in 5. In such a case there is one dominant direction  , which is reflected in one slot  , see figure 3 -d. The advising orientation depends on the pq-histogram quadrant where the peak is found. Overall  , the mapping of linguistic properties of the quotes in the latent bias space is surprisingly consistent  , and suggest that out-an longer  , variable period of time 32. We do not describe the mechanism of such automation due to the scope and the space limitation of this paper. The proliferation of generated components is the main limitation of the naive method-to-component mapping. The results 812 were encouraging but mixed and revealed some shortcomings of the AspectJ design with respect to its usability in this context. Notice that it is possible for two distinct search keys to be mapped to the same point in the k-dimensional space under this mapping. Schema mappings are inserted at the key space corresponding to the source schema at the overlay layer – or at the key spaces corresponding to both schemas if the mapping is bidirectional: U pdateSchema M apping ≡ U pdateSource Schema Key  , Schema M apping. They use minimal space  , providing that the size is known in advance or that growth is not a problem e.g. By mapping one-dimensional intervals to a two-dimensional space  , we illustrate that the problem of indexing uncertainty with probabilities is significantly harder than interval indexing  , which is considered a well-studied problem. In the information visualization field  , mapping of data variables on the display space is often performed by means of visual attributes like color  , transparency  , object size  , or object position. The local internal schema consists of a logical schema  , storage schema  , level schema. The error involved in such an assignment will increase as the difference in effective table sizes between the new query and the leader increases. Within these triangles  , users were asked to compare the three systems by plotting a point closest to the best performing system  , and furthest from the worst. Similar in spirit  , PSI first chooses a low dimensional feature representation space for query and image  , and then a polynomial model is discriminatively learned for mapping the query-image pair to a relevance score. For example  , the question string " Where is the Hudson River located ? " In a computer implementation  , if the available storage space is scarce  , it is straightforward to devise other mappings from hexagonal to quadractic not necessarily rectangular grids that do not leave empty cells. However  , the large number of cells necessary for precise mapping results in time-consuming grid update procedures. The master workspace was transformed into a cylindrical shaped space to assist the operator in maintaining smooth motion along a curved surface. Finally  , we introduce two applications of ILM that bring out its potential: first  , Diffusion Mapping is an approach where a highly redundant team of simple robots is used to map out a previously unknown environment  , simply by virtue of recording the localization and line-of-sight traces  , which provide a detailed picture of the navigable space. This trajectory  , moreover  , is generate in advance. However  , our experience with doing this using an optimal control approach is that the computational cost of adding many obstacles can be significant. The RRC manipulator used in this task is equipped with a Multibus-based servo control unit located in a separate cabinet. Since there is no natural mapping of documents to vectors in this setting  , the procedure for posts is similar. However  , most existing research on semantic hashing is only based on content similarity computed in the original keyword feature space. Most importantly  , the manipulability definitions are independent of the choice of parametrization for these two spaces  , as well as the kinematic mapping. Due to the geometrical structure of the state space and the nature of the Jacobian mapping between joint velocities and rates of change of a behavioral variable see eq. We have divided the full SLAM problem into a fast monocular image space tracking MIST on the MAV and a keyframe-based smoothing and mapping on the ground station. After examining the relevancy of the datasets using our developed relevancy classifier  , we now use our TIRM mapping scheme in transforming the results into the intention space. Such a peripherally graded pattern was first expressed as a conformal exponential mapping in 21. On the other hand  , the inverse kinematic method has symbolic solutions only in types of manipulator kinematics 7. The mapping between workspace and configuration space is straightforward: A point p in the workspace corresponds to the set of configurations in C which have p as their position. On-line control command is calculated mapped from the learned lookup table with the on-line sampled new sensor signals. Summarizing  , in this paper we present a framework for solving efficiently the k-anonymity and -diversity problems  , by mapping the multi-dimensional quasi-identifiers to 1-D space. In the context of a search engine  , inverted index compression encoding is usually infrequent compared to decompression decoding   , which must be performed for every uncached query. During the mapping of FMSVs  , the most effective heuristic feature sets are selected to ensure reasonable prediction accuracy. This histogram was established from a mapping from a 3D space to 2D ZXplane using the depth inforniation to represent the obstacles in the environment. This will build a mapping of the sensory-motor space to reach this goal. This is another issue that has seen a great deal of exploratory research  , including studies of offices and real desks 6. For example  , pattern matching classes that encode multi- DoF motions 22 or force functions for each joint 9; or direct control within a reduced dimensionality space 14. This dictionary element is therefore represented twice. The space V now consists of all time series extracted from shapes with the above mapping . However  , our study shows that fractal dimensions have promising properties and we believe that these dimensions are important as such. They also use a query-pruning technique  , based on word frequencies  , to speed up query execution. For example  , outlets on the conservative side of the latent ideological spectrum are more likely to select Obama's quotes that contain more negations and negative sentiment  , portraying an overly negative character. The constraints associated with these exposures and the user-provided mapping are passed through a constraint specializer  , which re-casts the constraints in terms of the types in our pattern catalog. Then  , Space uses the Alloy Analyzer to perform automatic bounded verification that each data exposure allowed by the application is also allowed by our catalog. Given the correct user-provided mapping  , the patterns applied by Space were always at least as restrictive We examined the code of the applications in our experiment for precisely this situation—security policies intended based on evidence in the code itself to be more restrictive than the corresponding patterns in our catalog—and found none. Q4 no results presented due to lack of space features the 'BEFORE' predicate which may be expensive to evaluate. This makes it very difficult for GA to identify the correct mapping for an item. Figure 2shows a simple example of query reformulation. Thus  , LSH can be employed to group highly similar blocks in buckets  , so that it suffices it compare blocks contained in the same bucket. To avoid epoch numbers from growing without bound and consuming extra space  , we plan to " reclaim " epochs that are no longer needed. By mapping multi-dimensional data to one-dimensional values  , a one-dimensional indexing method can be applied. Based on the findings from our evaluations  , we propose a hybrid approach that benefits from the strength of the graph-based approach in visualising the search space  , while attempting to balance the time and effort required during query formulation using a NL input feature. This system may be implemented in SMART using the set of modules shown in figure 4. 2  , this direction changes during movement  , even in the absence of other perturbations. Therefore  , we can control the closed-chain system with the same control structure in Equation This immediately provides an important result; the dynamically consistent null space mapping matrix for the closed-chain system is the same as the one for the open-chain system   , N in Equation 9. The time savings would be crucial in real-world applications when the category space is much larger and a real-time response of category ranking is required . But since only partial term-document mapping is preserved  , a loss in retrieval performance is inevitable. The expected disc space consumption for a buffered hashing organization BHash for WORM optical d.iscs is analyzed in 191. Based on that  , a bridging mapping is learned to seamlessly connect these individual hamming spaces for cross-modal hashing . In addition  , superposition events come with a flexible way in quantifying how much evidence the observation of dependency κ brings to its component terms. The order of this list was fixed to give a one-to-one mapping of distinct terms and dimensions of the vector space. Secondly  , transaction language constructs should be functions in the logic such that transactions can be represented as expressions mapping states to states that can be composed to form new transactions . This section contains the results of running several variations of the traversal portion of the 001 benchmark using the small benchmark database of 20 ,000 objects. Experiments on three real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our model. Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method  , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. A combination of the downhill simplex method and simulated annealing 9 was used. Through repetitively replacing bad vertices with better points the simplex moves downhill. In the method adopted here  , simulated annealing is applied in the simplex deformation. We used the simplex downhill method Nelder and Mead 1965 for the minimization. If the temperature T is reduced slowly enough  , the downhill Simplex method shrinks into the region containing the lowest minimum value. Most steps just move the point of the simplex where the objective value is largest highest point to a lower point with the smaller objective value. Downhill Simplex method approximates the size of the region that can be reached at temperature T  , and it samples new points. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. As a downhill simplex method  , an initial guess of the intrinsic camera parameters is required for further calculation . This method only requires function evaluations  , not derivatives. Then  , the intensity p 0 was estimated from the retweet sequence of interest by using the fitting procedure developed in section 3.3. The form of SA used is a variation of the Nelder-Mead downhill simplex method  , which incorporates a random variable to overcome local minima 9. At high temperatures most moves are accepted and the simplex roams freely over the search space. A simplex is simply a set of N+l guesses  , or vertices  , of the N-dimensional statevector sought and the error associated with each guess. The simplex attempts to walk downhill by replacing the 3741 vertex associated with the highest error by a better point. Thus the robots would need to explicitly coordinate which policies they &e to evaluate  , and find a way to re-do evaluations that are interrupted by battery changes. The robust downhill simplex method is employed to solve this equation. In this section we describe the details of integrating Simulated Annealing and downhill Simplex method in the optimization framework to minimize the loss function associated directly to NDCG measure. In contrast  , Nelder and Mead's Downhill -Simplex method requires much stricter control over which policies are evaluated. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. 0 Motion prediction. Several variants coexists; among them the Fourier Transform for discrete signals and the Fast Fourier Transform which is also for discrete signals but has a complexity of On · ln n instead of On 2  for the discrete Fourier Transform. This can be calculated in JavaScript. The Fourier coefficients are used as features for the classification. By applying the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT to the ZMP reference   , the ZMP equations can be solved in frequency domain. These feature vectors are used to train a SOM of music segments. Fast Fourier Transform FFT has been applied to get the Fourier transform for each short period of time. Most data visualizations  , or other uses of audio data begin by calculating a discrete Fourier transform by means of a Fast Fourier Transform. This section describes an important when there is an acceleration or deceleration  , the amplitude is greater than a threshold. The Fourier spectrum is normalized by the DC component  , i.e. We modeled FFTs in two steps which are considered separately by the database. In 10 the authors use the Fast Fourier Transform to solve the problem of pattern similarity search. 4shows the beating heart motion along z axis with its interpolation function and the frequency spectrum calculated from off-line fast fourier transform. The Fourier spectrum calculation is proportional to the square of the voltage input signal. First one  , we transform the data into Frequency domain utilizing the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , obtain the derivative using the Fourier spectral method  , and perform inverse FFT to find the derivative in real time domain. This is followed by a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT across the segments for a selected set of frequency spectra to obtain Fourier coefficients modeling the dynamics. The Servo thread is an interrupt service routine ISR which The windows are grouped in two sections: operator windows green softkeys and expert windows blue softkeys. Second one  , numerically calculate the derivative using the finite difference method. Since the temporal data from 'gentle interaction' trials were made of many blobs  , while temporal data from 'strong interaction' trials were mainly made of peaks  , we decided to focus on the Fourier spectrum also called frequency spectrum  which a would express these differences: for gentle interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for lower frequencies while for strong interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for higher frequencies. A fast-Fourier transform was performed on this signal in order to analyze the frequencies involved and the results can be seen in figure 12. The use of the fast Fourier transform and the necessity to iterate to obtain the required solution preclude this method from being used in real time control. Periodically  , the fast Fourier transform FFT yields a signal spectrum: But the bcst way is to determine TI and T2 directly in DSP from input data array xn. The impulse was effected by tapping on the finger with a light and stiff object. The first method is to take the fast Fourier transform FFT of the impulse response for Table 2: Characteristic frequencies for link 2 a given impulse command. Fast Fourier Transform. Each segment  , the entire interval when the sensor is in contact with the object  , is transferred to the frequency domain using Fast Fourier Transform. Since it is hard to pick up the signals during contact phase  , we cannot use the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT technique which converts the signal from time-domain to frequencydomain . As na¨ıvena¨ıve implementations that evaluate the KDE at every input point individually can be inefficient on large datasets  , implementations based on Fast Fourier Transformation FFT have been proposed. To ensure the FFT functioned appropriately  , the data was limited to a range which covered only an integer number of cycles. 1for an example spectrogram. Then the inverse FFT returns the resulted CoM trajectory into time domain. A Fast Fourier Transform FFT based method WiaS employed to compute the robot's C-space. In this method th'e C-space is respresented as the convolution of the robot and workspace bitmaps 19. We identify this noise elements by high frequency and low-power spectrum in the frequenc domain transformed by the fast Fourier transform YFFT. The signal detection operates on a power signal; a Fast Fourier Transform FFT is being done which trans­ forms the signal in time domain into frequency domain. We assume that the torque sensor output is composed of various harmonic waves whose frequencies are unknown. Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. It is often easier to recognize patterns in an audio signal when samples are converted to a frequency domain spectrogram using the Fast Fourier Transform FFT 3  , see Fig. The vibration modes of the flexible beam are identified by the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , and illustrated in Fig. For example  , our Space Physics application 14 requires the FFT Fast Fourier Transform to be applied on large vector windows and we use OS-Split and OS- Join to implement an FFT-specific stream partitioning strategy. The Discrete Cosine Transform DCT is a real valued version of Fast Fourier Transform FFT and transforms time domain signals into coefficients of frequency component. By exploiting a characteristic that high frequency components are generally less important than low frequency components  , DCT is widely used for data compression like JPEG or MPEG. Figure 2shows the impulse expressed as a change in the wavelength of light reflected by an FBG cell and its fast Fourier transform FFT. In an early attempt  , Anuta l  used cross-correlation to search for corresponding features between registered images; later he introduced the idea of using fast Fourier transform. Similar attempts   , using the sum of absolute differences  , were also reported in the early stages of research on this topic. The statistic behaviors for each indicator were determined computing the mean and standard deviation. The one-dimensional Fast Fourier Transform is then applied to this array. Step 2: Since the primary task is to maintain visibility of the target  , the acceptable observer locations are marked. After removing this noise data from the data  , the remaining elements are transformed into the time domain by using the inverse FFT. The resulting frequency spectra are plotted for pitch and roll in Fig. These features are usually generated based on mel-frequency cepstral coefficients MFCCs 7 by applying Fast Fourier transforms to the signal. The sharp pixel proportion is the fraction of all pixels that are sharp. To obtain features  , we calculated the power of the segment of 1 second following the term onset using the fast Fourier transform and applying log-transformation to normalize the signal. However  , it can still be used in open-loop control and other closed-loop control strategies. In 8  , it is shown that the Fast Fourier Transform can be used to efficiently obtain a C-space representation from the static obs1 ,acles and robot geornetry. To better understand the nature of the VelociRoACH oscillations as a function of the stride frequency  , we used Python 3 to compute the fast Fourier transform of each run  , first passed through a Hann window  , and then averaged across repeated trials. Used features. The twenty-tree indicators are : 2 indicators of instant energy  , 3 obtained by fast Fourier transform FFT  , 16 from the computation of mean power frequency MPF and  , others resulting from the energy spectrum of each component derived from the wavelet decomposition of the normalized EMG. The photographs are transformed from spatial domain to frequency domain by a Fast Fourier Transform  , and the pixels whose values surpass a threshold are considered as sharp pixels we use a threshold value of 2  , following 4. The used features are Root Mean Square RMS computed on time domain; Pitch computed using Fast Fourier Transform frequency domain; Pitch computed using Haar Discrete Wavelet Transform timefrequency domain; Flux frequency domain; RollOff frequency domain; Centroid frequency domain; Zero-crossing rate ZCR time domain. They use the Discrete Fourier Transform DFT to map a time sequence to the frequency domain  , drop all but the first few frequencies  , and then use the remaining ones to index the sequence using a R*-tree 3 structure. Probabilistic facts model extensional knowledge. This enables a principled integration of the thesaurus model and a probabilistic retrieval model. Relevance measurements were integrated within a probabilistic retrieval model for reranking of results.  In the language model approaches to information retrieval  , models that capture term dependencies achieve substantial improvements over the unigram model. Our suggested probabilistic methods are also able to retrieve per-feature opinions for a query product. The model builds a simple statistical language model for each document in the collection. Traditional information retrieval models are mainly classified into classic probabilistic model  , vector space model and statistical language model. Probabilistic Information Retrieval IR model is one of the most classical models in IR. This paper presented the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval. In here  , we further developed and used a fully probabilistic retrieval model. Then we present a probabilistic object-oriented logic for realizing this model  , which uses probabilistic Datalog as inference mechanism. We argue that the current indexing models have not led to improved retrieval results. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query generated from a document 9. The retrieval was performed using query likelihood for the queries in Tables 1 and 2  , using the language models estimated with the probabilistic annotation model. Sound statistic background of the model brings its outstanding performance. This model shows that documents should be ranked according to the score These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. BIR: The background model comprises several sequences of judgements. This in contrast with the probabilistic model of information retrieval . A notable feature of the Fuhr model is the integration of indexing and retrieval models. We use different state-of-the-art keyword-based probabilistic retrieval models such as the sequential dependence model  , a query likelihood model  , and relevance model query expansion . The linkage weighting model based on link frequency can substantially and stably improve the retrieval performances. This evaluation can only be performed for the probabilistic annotation model  , because the direct retrieval model allows us only to estimate feature distributions for individual word images  , not page images. An effective thesaurus-based technique must deal with the problem of word polysemy or ambiguity  , which is particularly serious for Arabic retrieval. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query to be generated from a document 16. The SMART information retrieval system  , originally developed by Salton  , uses the vector-space model of information retrieval that represents query and documents as term vectors. The following equations describe those used as the foundation of our retrieval strategies. In this work  , we show that the database centric probabilistic retrieval model has various interesting properties for both automatic image annotation and semantic retrieval. The probabilistic model of retrieval 20 does this very clearly  , but the language model account of what retrieval is about is not that clear. The proposed probabilistic models of passage-based retrieval are trained in a discriminative manner . However  , accurately estimating these probabilities is difficult for generative probabilistic language modeling techniques. Instead of the vector space model or the classical probabilistic model we will use a new model  , called the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval  , which is described in the appendix of this paper. It is generally agreed that the probabilistic approach provides a sound theoretical basis for the development of information retrieval systems. We define the parameters of relevant and non-relevant document language model as θR and θN . We model the relevant model and non-relevant model in the probabilistic retrieval model as two multinomial distributions. A model of a retrieval situation with PDEL contains two separate parts  , one epistemic model that accomodates the deterministic information about the interactions and one pure probabilistic model. The about predicate says that d1 is about 'databases' with 0.7 probability and about 'retrieval' with 0.5 probability . The rule retrieve means that a document should be retrieved when it is about 'databases' or 'retrieval'. We provide a probabilistic model for image retrieval problem. Therefore  , in a probabilistic model for video retrieval shots are ranked by their probability of having generated the query. However  , applying the probabilistic IR model into legal text retrieval is relatively new. query terms rather than document terma because they were investigating probabilistic retrieval Model 2 of Robertson et.al. The incrementing of document scores in this way is ba.sed on a probabilistic model of retrieval described in Croft's paper. Technical details of the probabilistic retrieval model can be found in the appendix of this paper. After obtaining   , another essential component in Eqn. the probabilistic model offers justification for various methods that had previously been used in automatic retrieval environments on an empirical basis. If a query consists of several independent parts e.g. We present a probabilistic model for the retrieval of multimodal documents. We will revisit and evaluate some representative retrieval models to examine how well they work for finding related articles given a seed article. With weight parameters  , these can be integrated into one distribution over documents  , e.g. In ROBE81 a similar retrieval model  , the 80 251 called two-poisson-independence TPI model is described. To derive our probabilistic retrieval model  , we first propose a basic query formulation model.  Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. Many models for ranking functions have been proposed previously  , including vector space model 43   , probabilistic model 41 and language model 35 . In the information retrieval domain  , the systems are based on three basic models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model. 10 uses a 2-Poisson model for including term frequency-based probabilities in the probabilistic retrieval model. The novelty of our work lies in a probabilistic generation model for opinion retrieval  , which is general in motivation and flexible in practice. navigation-aided retrieval constitutes a strict generalization of the conventional probabilistic IR model. We conducted numerous calibrations using the vector space model Singhal96  , Robertson's probabilistic retrieval strategy Robertson98  , and a modified vector space retrieval strategy. The probabilistic retrieval model is attractive because it provides a theoretical foundation for the retrieval operation which takes into account the notion of document relevance. In the next section  , we describe related work on collection selection and merging of ranked results. 6 identify and classify temporal information needs based on the relevant document timestamp distribution to improve retrieval. This paper looks at the three grand probabilistic retrieval models: binary independent retrieval BIR  , Poisson model PM  , and language modelling LM. Query likelihood retrieval model 1  , which assumes that a document generates a query  , has been shown to work well for ad-hoc information retrieval. The model supports probabilistic indexing 9  , however we implement a simplified version in which only estimates of O or 1 are used for the probability that a document has a feature. Eri can be determined by a point estimate from the specific text retrieval model that has been applied. The probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S 11  scores documents by combining field-level querylikelihood scores similarly to other field-based retrieval mod- els 13. This shows that both the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the language modeling approach to retrieval are special cases of the risk minimization framework. Results include  , for example  , the formalisation of event spaces. Performance on the official TREC-8 ad hoc task using our probabilistic retrieval model is shown in Figure 7. Similar probabilistic model is also proposed in 24  , but this model focuses in parsing noun phrases thus not generally applicable to web queries. Although PRMS was originally proposed for XML retrieval  , it was later applied to ERWD 2. The first probabilistic model captures the retrieval criterion that a document is relevant if any passage in the document is relevant. We start with a probabilistic retrieval model: we use probabilistic indexing weights  , the document score is the probability that the document implies the query  , and we estimate the probability that the document is relevant to a user. In the following  , we investigate three different  , theoretically motivated methods for predicting retrieval quality i.e. To solve the problem  , we propose a new probabilistic retrieval method  , Translation model  , Specifications Generation model  , and Review and Specifications Generation model  , as well as standard summarization model MEAD  , its modified version MEAD-SIM  , and standard ad-hoc retrieval method. One of the main reasons why the probabilistic model bas not been widely accepted is; pemaps  , due to its computational complexity. The term-precision model differs from the previous two weighting systems in that document relevance is taken into account. The thesaurus is incorporated within classical information retrieval models  , such as vector space model and probabilistic model 13. The score function of the probabilistic retrieval model based on the multinomial distribution can be derived from taking the log-odds ratio of two multinomial distributions. In this paper we introduce a probabilistic information retrieval model. Although the most popular is still undoubtedly the vector space model proposed by Salton 19   , many new or complementary alternatives have been proposed  , such as the Probabilistic Model 16. the binary independent retrieval BIR model 15 and some state-of-the-art language models proposed for IR in the literature. Recently  , the PRF principle has also been implemented within the language modeling framework. Overall  , the PLM is shown to be able to achieve " soft " passage retrieval and capture proximity heuristic effectively in a unified probabilistic framework. We further incorporate the probabilistic query segmentation into a unified language model for information retrieval. We proposed a formal probabilistic model of Cross-Language Information Retrieval. In this paper  , we present a Cross Term Retrieval model  , denoted as CRTER  , to model the associations among query terms in probabilistic retrieval models. The retrieval model we use to rank video shots is a generative model inspired by the language modelling approach to information retrieval 2  , 1  and a similar probabilistic approach to image re- trieval 5. We start by formulating the integrated language model with query segmentation based on the probabilistic ranking prin- ciple 15. Given a text query  , retrieval can be done with these probabilistic annotations in a language model based approach using query-likelihood ranking. Classifiers were trained according to the probabilistic model described by Lewis 14  , which was derived from a retrieval model proposed by Fuhr 9. We explain the PRM-S model in the following section. To our knowledge  , no one has yet tried to incorporate such a thesaurus within the language modeling framework. The model is significantly different from other recently proposed models in that it does not attempt to translate either the query or the documents. Both of these models estimate the probability of relevance of each document to the query. We start by developing a formal probabilistic model for the utilization of key concepts for information retrieval. Probabilistic models have been successfully applied in document ranking  , such as the traditional probabilistic model 23  , 13  , 24 and stochastic language model 21  , 15  , 29 etc. The main contribution of our work is a formal probabilistic approach to estimating a relevance model with no training data. The second probabilistic model goes a step further and takes into account the content similarities among passages. Importantly  , our navigation-aided retrieval model strictly generalizes the conventional probabilistic information retrieval model  , which implicitly assumes no propensity to navigate formal details are provided in Section 3. In the second model  , which we call the " Direct Retrieval " model  , we take each text query and compute the probability of generating a member of the feature vocabulary. The main techniques used in our runs include medical concept detection  , a vectorspace retrieval model  , a probabilistic retrieval model  , a supervised preference ranking model  , unsupervised dimensionality reduction  , and query expansion. The details of these techniques are given in the next section. 39 This last model appears to be computationally difficult  , but further progress may be anticipated in the design and use of probabilistic retrieval models. The main difference between the TPI model and the RPI model is that the RPI model is suited to different probabilistic indexing models  , whereas the TPI model is an ex~ension of the two-poisson model for multi-term queries. The contribution that each of the top ranked documents makes to this model is directly related to their retrieval score for the initial query. In this section  , we apply the six constraints defined in the previous section to three specific retrieval formulas  , which respectively represent the vector space model  , the classical probabilistic retrieval model  , and the language modeling approach. Most of the existing retrieval models assume a " bag-of-words " representation of both documents and queries. We have presented a new dependence language modeling approach to information retrieval. Coming back to Figure 1  , notice that certain hyperlinks are highlighted i.e. In this paper we present a novel probabilistic information retrieval model and demonstrate its capability to achieve state-of-the-art performance on large standardized text collections. The retrieval model integrates term translation probabilities with corpus statistics of query terms and statistics of term occurrences in a document to produce a probability of relevance for the document to the query. We discussed a model of retrieval that bridges a gap between the classical probabilistic models of information retrieval  , and the emerging language modeling approaches. For relevant task  , a multi-field relevance ranking based on probabilistic retrieval model has been used. 2 integrate temporal expressions in documents into a time-aware probabilistic retrieval model. We then proceed to detail the supervised machine learning technique used for key concept identification and weighting. Rules model intensional knowledge  , from which new probabilistic facts are derived. 3.2.1 Unigram language models: In the language modelling framework  , document ranking is primarily based on the following two steps. Canfora and Cerulo 2 searched for source files through change request descriptions in open source code projects. In this paper the different disambiguation strategies of the Twenty-One system will be evaluated. However  , it is worth mentioning that the proposed method is generally applicable to any probabilistic retrieval model. In blog seed retrieval tasks  , we are interested in finding blogs with relevant and recurring interests for given topics . Traditional IR probabilistic models  , such as the binary independence retrieval model 11  , 122 focus on relevance to queries. For example  , the useful inverse document frequency  idf term weighting system. Results from our integrated approach outperformed baseline results and exceeded the top results reported at the TREC forum  , demonstrating the efficacy of our approach. However   , the utilization of relevant information was one of the most important component in Probabilistic retrieval model. In the probabilistic retrieval model used in this work  , we interpret the weight of a query term to be the frequency of the term being generated in query generation. Review and Specifications Generation model ReviewSpecGen considers both query-relevance and centrality  , so we use it as another baseline method. Thk paper describes how these issues can be addressed in a retrieval system based on the inference net  , a probabilistic model of information retrieval. A new probabilistic generative model is proposed for the generation of document content as well as the associated social annotations. Furthermore  , our empirical work suggests that in the case of unambiguous queries for which conventional IR techniques are sufficient  , NAR reduces to standard IR automatically. They use both a probabilistic information retrieval model and vector space models. This is the second year that the IR groups of Tsinghua University participated in TREC Blog Track. In our model  , both single terms and compound dependencies are mathematically modeled as projectors in a vector space  , i.e. We further leverage answers to a question to bridge the vocabulary gap between a review and a question. The robustness of the approach is also studied empirically in this paper. The basic idea is that there is uncertainty in the prediction of the ranking lists of images based on current visual distances of retrieved images to the query image. For example   , probabilistic models are a common type of model used for IR. Conclusions and the contributions of this work are summarized in Section 6. This paper defines a linguistically motivated model of full text information retrieval. Other QBSD audition systems 19  , 20  have been developed for annotation and retrieval of sound effects. The top ranked m collections are chosen for retrieval . In this paper  , we proposed a novel probabilistic model for blog opinion retrieval. Current experiments deal with the following topics: probabilistic retrieval binary independent model  , automatic weighting  , morphological segmentation  , efficiency of thesaurus organization  , association measures reconsidered. For example  , paper D  , " A proximity probabilistic model for information retrieval " mentions both A and B. In our hypothetical example  , A has only a handful of citation contexts which we would like to expand to better describe paper A. Figure 4shows the interpolated precision scores obtained with the probabilistic annotation and direct retrieval model. In this paper  , we propose a probabilistic entity retrieval model that can capture indirect relationships between nodes in the RDF graph. In sum  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. According to one model Collection-centric  , each collection is represented as a term distribution computed over its contents. In the following  , the probabilistic model for distributed IR is experimentally evaluated with respect to the retrieval effectiveness . RSJ relevance weighting of query terms was proposed in 1976 5 as an alternative term weighting of 2 when relevant information is available. Evaluation is a difficult problem since queries and relevance judgements are not available for this task. These two probabilistic models for the document retrieval problem grow out of two different ways of interpreting probability of relevance. Intermediate results imply that accepted hypotheses have to be revised. The comparison of our approach to both the probabilistic retrieval models and the previous language models will show that our model achieves substantial and significant improvements. The probabilistic retrieval model also relies on an adjustment for document length 3. To perform information retrieval  , a label is also associated with each term in the query. These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. The experiments show that with our estimate of the relevance model  , classical probabilistic models of retrieval outperform state-of-the-art heuristic and language modeling approaches. As boolean retrieval is in widespread use in practice  , there are attempts to find a combination with probabilistic ranking procedures. In classical probabilistic IR models  , such as the binary independence retrieval BIR model 18  , both queries and documents are represented as a set of terms that are assumed to be statistically independent. Our first probabilistic model captures the retrieval criterion that a document is relevant if any passage of the document is relevant and models individual passages independently. Our experiments on six standard TREC collections indicate the effectiveness of our dependence model: It outperforms substantially over both the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the state-of-the-art unigram and bigram language models. This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . These models were derived within many variations extended Boolean models  , models based on fuzzy sets theory  , generalized vector space model ,. It is more flexible then the BU model  , because it works with two concepts: 'correctneu' aa a basis of the underlying indexing model  , and 'relevance' for ·the retrieval parameters. Since the first model estimates the probability of relevance for each passage independently  , the model is called the independent passage model. Probabilistic Retrieval Model for Semistructured Data PRMS 14  is a unigram bag-ofwords model for ad-hoc structured document retrieval that learns a simple statistical relationship between the intended mapping of terms in free-text queries and their frequency in different document fields. Unlike some traditional phrase discovery methods  , the TNG model provides a systematic way to model topical phrases and can be seamlessly integrated with many probabilistic frameworks for various tasks such as phrase discovery   , ad-hoc retrieval  , machine translation  , speech recognition and statistical parsing. We proposed several methods to solve this problem  , including summarization-based methods such as MEAD and MEAD-SIM and probabilistic retrieval methods such as Specifications Generation model  , Review and Specifications Generation model  , and Translation model. One component of a probabilistic retrieval model is the indexing model  , i.e. To the former we owe the concept of a relevance model: a language model representative of a class of relevant documents. In a very recent work 4  , the author proposed a topic dependent method for sentiment retrieval  , which assumed that a sentence was generated from a probabilistic model consisting of both a topic language model and a sentiment language model. An important advantage of introducing a language model for each position is that it can allow us to model the " best-matching position " in a document with probabilistic models  , thus supporting " soft " passage retrieval naturally. The retrieval function is: This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . A second sense of the word 'model' is the probabilistic sense where it refers to an explanatory model of the data. The TPI model makes more use of the specific assumption of the indexing model  , 80 that for any other indexing model a new retrieval model would have to be developed. But in order to consider the special nature of annotations for retrieval  , we proposed POLAR Probabilistic Object-oriented Logics for Annotation-based Retrieval as a framework for annotation-based document retrieval and discussion search 8 . A model of randomness is derived by a suitable interpretation of the probabilistic urn models of Types I and II 4 i n to the context of Information Retrieval. 10 on desktop search  , which includes document query-likelihood DLM  , the probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S and the interpolation of DLM and PRM-S PRM-D. We suggested why classical models with their explicit notion of relevance may potentially be more attractive than models that limit queries to being a sample of text. for the distribution of visual features given the semantic class.  published search reports can be used to learn to rank and provide significant retrieval improvements ? In information retrieval there are three basic models which are respectively formulated with the Boolean  , vector  , and probabilistic concepts. Two retrieval runs were submitted: one consisting of the title and description sections only T+D and the other consisting of all three title  , description  , and narrative sections T+D+N. We show examples of extracted phrases and more interpretable topics on the NIPS data  , and in a text mining application  , we present better information retrieval performance on an ad-hoc retrieval task over a TREC collection. The 2006 legal track provides an uniform simulation of legal text requests in real litigation  , which allows IR researchers to evaluate their retrieval systems in the legal domain. In some cases  , our structured queries even attain a better retrieval performance than the title queries on the same topic. As described in Section 3  , the frequency is used as an exponent in the retrieval function. Among many variants of language models proposed  , the most popular and fundamental one is the query-generation language model 21  , 13  , which leads to the query-likelihood scoring method for ranking documents. One of the important properties of the database centric probabilistic retrieval formulation is that  , due to the simplicity of the retrieval model  , it enables the implementation of sophisticated parameter optimization procedures. One major goal of us is to evaluate the effect of a probabilistic retrieval model on the legal domain. The vector space model as well as probabilistic information retrieval PIR models 4  , 28  , 29 and statistical language models 14 are very successful in practice. In the probabilistic retrieval model 2  , for instance  , it is assumed that indexing is not perfect in the sense that there exists relevant and nonrelevant documents with the same description. Blog post opinion retrieval is the problem of finding blog posts that express opinion about a given query topic. Results show that in most test sets  , LDM outperforms significantly the state-of-the-art LM approaches and the classical probabilistic retrieval model. Our approach provides a conceptually simple but explanatory model of re- trieval. Thus  , our method demonstrates an interesting meld of discriminative and generative models for IR. This system is based on a supervised multi-class labeling SML probabilistic model 1  , which has shown good performance on the task of image retrieval. The dependencies derived automatically from Boolean queries show only a small improvement in retrieval effectiveness. Traditional probabilistic relevance frameworks for informational retrieval 30  refrain from taking positional information into account  , both because of the hurdles of developing a sound model while avoiding an explosion in the number of parameters and because positional information has been shown somehow surprisingly to have little effect on aver- age 34 . For example  , given the fundamentally different from these efforts is the importance given to word distributions: while the previous approaches aim to create joint models for words and visual features some even aim to provide a translation between the two modalities 7  , database centric probabilistic retrieval aims for the much simpler goal of estimating the visual feature distributions associated with each word. The model assumes that the relevance relationship between a document and a user's query cannot be determined with certainty. For many of the past TREC experiments  , our system has been demonstrated to provide superior effectiveness  , and last year it was observed that PIRCS is one of few automatic systems that provides many unique relevant documents in the judgment pool VoHa98. We design the model based on the assumption that the descriptions of an entity exist at any literal node that can be reached from the resource entity node by following the paths in the graph. Two well known probabilistic approaches to retrieval are the Robertson and Sparck Jones model 14 and the Croft and Harper model 3 . It has been observed that in general the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the unigram language model approach perform very similarly if both have been fine-tuned. The retrieval model scores documents based on the relative change in the document likelihoods   , expressed as the ratio of the conditional probability of the document given the query and the prior probability of the document before the query is specified. Cooper's paper on modeling assumptions for the classical probabilistic retrieval model 2. For page retrieval  , these annotation probability distributions are averaged over all images that occur in a page  , thus creating a language model of the page. Language modeling approaches apply query expansion to incorporate information from Lafferty and Zhai 7 have demonstrated the probability equivalence of the language model to the probabilistic retrieval model under some very strong assumptions  , which may or may not hold in practice. While tbe power of this model yields strong retrieval effectiveness  , the structured queries supported by the model present a challenge when considering optimization techniques. Antoniol  , Canfora  , Casazza  , DeLucia  , and Merlo 3 used the vector space model and a probabilistic model to recover traceability from source code modules to man pages and functional requirements. We chose PIR models because we could extend them to model data dependencies and correlations the critical ingredients of our approach in a more principled manner than if we had worked with alternate IR ranking models such as the Vector-Space model. In the use of language modeling by Ponte and Croft 17  , a unigram language model is estimated for each document  , and the likelihood of the query according to this model is used to score the document for ranking. The Mirror DBMS uses the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval Hie99  , HK99. We currently concentrate on system design and integration. This paper will demonstrate that these advantages translate directly into improved retrieval performance for the routing problem. It is a probabilistic model that considers documents as binary vectors and ranks them in order of their probability of relevance given a query according to the Probability Ranking Principle 2. The main feature of the PRM-S model is that weights for combining field-level scores are estimated based on the predicted mapping between query terms and document fields  , which can be efficiently computed based on collection term statistics. In this section  , we propose a non-parametric probabilistic model to measure context-based and overall relevance between a manuscript and a candidate citation  , for ranking retrieved candidates. This work is also closely related to the retrieval models that capture higher order dependencies of query terms. Thus  , our PIRCS system may also be viewed as a combination of the probabilistic retrieval model and a simple language model. The proposed model is guided by the principle that given the normalized frequency of a term in a document   , the score is proportional to the likelihood that the normalized tf is maximum with respect to its distribution in the elite set for the corresponding term. The PLM at a position of a document would be estimated based on the propagated word counts from the words at all other positions in the document. Lafferty and Zhai 7 have demonstrated the probability equivalence of the language model to the probabilistic retrieval model under some very strong assumptions  , which may or may not hold in practice. Next  , we improve on it by employing a probabilistic generative model for documents  , queries and query terms  , and obtain our best results using a variant of the model that incorporates a simple randomwalk modification. This paper focuses on whether the use of context information can enhance retrieval effectiveness in retrospective experiments that use the statistics of relevance information similar to the w4 term weight 1  , the ratio of relevance odds and irrelevance odds. This paper discusses an approach to the incorporation of new variables into traditional probabilistic models for information retrieval  , and some experimental results relating thereto. Research on disambiguating senses of the translated queries and distributing the weighting for each translation candidate in a vector space model or a probabilistic retrieval model 3 will be the primary focus in the second phase of the MUST project. However  , as any retrieval system has a restricted knowledge about a request  , the notation /A: used in the probabilistic formulas below does not relate to a single request  , it stands for a set of requests about which the system has the same knowledge. If Model 3 constitutes a valid schema for this kind of a search situation  , we see that it should be applicable not only to the document retrieval problem but for other kinds of search and retrieval situations as well. These dependent term groups were then used to modify the rankings of documents retrieved by a probabilistic retrieval  , as was done in CROVS6a. Among the applications for a probabilistic model are i accurate search and retrieval from Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Our performance experiments demonstrate the efficiency and practical viability of TopX for ranked retrieval of XML data. In information retrieval domain  , systems are founded on three basic ones models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model which were derived within many variations extended Boolean models  , models based on fuzzy sets theory  , generalized vector space model ,. Basically  , a model of Type I is a model where balls tokens are randomly extracted from an urn  , whilst in Type II models balls are randomly extracted from an urn belonging to a collection of urns documents. In 1976 Robertson and Sparck Jones proposed a second probabilistic model which we shall refer to as Model 2 for the document retrieval problem. To evaluate relevance of retrieved opinion sentences in the situation where humanlabeled judgments are not available  , we measured the proximity between the retrieved text and the actual reviews of a query product. 5 Model 2 interprets the information seeking situation in the usual way as follows: The documents in the collection have a wide variety of different properties; semantic properties of aboutness  , linguistic properties concerning words that occur in their titles or text  , contextual properties concerning who are their authors  , where they were published   , what they cited  , etc. The database centric probabilistic retrieval model is compared to existing semantic labeling and retrieval methods  , and shown to achieve higher accuracy than the previously best published results  , at a fraction of their computational cost. However  , diaeerent research communities have associated diaeerent partially incompatiblee interpretations with the values returned from such score functions   , such astThe fuzzy set interpretation ë2  , 8ë  , the spatial interpretation originally used in text databases  , the metric interpetation ë9ë  , or the probabilistic interpretation underlying advanced information retrieval systems ë10ë. The classical probabilistic retrieval model 16  , 13  of information retrieval has received recognition for being theoreti- Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Recently  , though  , it has been proved that considering sequences of terms that form query concepts is beneficial for retrieval 6. We propose a formal probabilistic model for incorporating query and key concepts information into a single structured query  , and show that using these structured queries results in a statistically significant improvement in retrieval performance over using the original description queries on all tested corpora. Following 21  , we define a theme as follows: Definition 1 Theme A theme in a text collection C is a probabilistic distribution of words characterizing a semantically coherent topic or subtopic. According to one model Collection-centric  , each collection is represented as a term distribution  , which is estimated from all sampled documents. The framework is very general and expressive  , and by choosing specific models and loss functions it is possible to recover many previously developed frameworks. We focused on the problem of opinion topic relatedness and we showed that using proximity information of opinionated terms to query terms is a good indicator of opinion and query-relatedness. In Bau99  , the procedure for estimating the addends in equation 2 is exemplarily shown for the mentioned BIR as well as the retrieval-with-probabilistic-indexing RPI model Fuh92. In fact  , most of the known non-distributed probabilistic retrieval models propose a RSV computation that is based on an accumulation over all query features. We first utilize a probabilistic retrieval model to select a smaller set of candidate questions that are relevant to a given review from a large pool of questions crawled from the CQA website. In summary  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. ing e.g. The strategy developed from the probabilistic model by Croft CROFS1 ,CROF86a 1 can make use of information about the relative importance of terms and about dependencies between terms. Figure 2 shows the recallprecision curves for the results of executing 19 queries with the two retrieval mechanisms LSA and probabilistic model supported in CodeBroker. In this paper we: i present a general probabilistic model for incorporating information about key concepts into the base query  , ii develop a supervised machine learning technique for key concept identification and weighting  , and iii empirically demonstrate that our technique can significantly improve retrieval effectiveness for verbose queries. For information retrieval  , query prefetching typically assumes a probabilistic model  , e.g. Our model integrates information produced by some standard fusion method  , which relies on retrieval scores ranks of documents in the lists  , with that induced from clusters that are created from similar documents across the lists. In this section  , we analyze the probabilistic retrieval model based on the multinomial distribution to shed some light on the intuition of using the DCM distribution. With such a probabilistic model  , we can then select those segmentations with high probabilities and use them to construct models for information retrieval. Each model ranks candidates according to the probability of the candidate being an expert given the query topic  , but the models differ in how this is performed. We chose probabilistic structured queries PSQ as our CLIR baseline because among vector space techniques for CLIR it presently yields the best retrieval effectiveness. With the mapping probabilities estimated as described above  , the probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S can use these as weights for combining the scores from each field PQLw|fj into a document score  , as follows: Also  , PM Fj denotes the prior probability of field Fj mapped into any query term before observing collection statistics. He proposed to extract temporal expressions from news  , index news articles together with temporal expressions   , and retrieve future information composed of text and future dates by using a probabilistic model. In particular  , we hope to develop and test a model  , within the framework of the probabilistic theory of document retrieval  , which makes optimum use of within-document frequencies in searching. Progress towards this end  , both theoretical and experimental  , is described in this chapter. The language modeling approach to information retrieval represents queries and documents as probabilistic models 1. Researchers explicitly attempted to model word occurrences in relevant and nonrelevant classes of documents  , and used their models to classify the document into the more likely class. Similarly  , 16  integrated linkage weighting calculated from a citation graph into the content-based probabilistic weighting model to facilitate the publication retrieval. Using the notion of the context  , we can develop a probabilistic context-based retrieval model 2. For example  , for the query " bank of america online banking "   , {banking  , 0.001} are all valid segmentations  , where brackets   are used to indicate segment boundaries and the number at the end is the probability of that particular segmentation. The initial thresholds are set to a large multiple of the probability of selecting the query from a random document. The basic system we used for SK retrieval in TREC-8 is similar to that presented at TREC-7 11   , but the final system also contains several new devices. Figure 5shows the interpolated precision scores for the top 20 retrieved page images using 1-word queries. Assuming the metric is an accurate reflection of result quality for the given application  , our approach argues that optimizing the metric will guide the system towards desired results. Unlike most existing combination strategies   , ours makes use of some knowledge of the average performance of the constituent systems. There are two directions of information retrieval research that provide a theoretical foundation for our model: the now classic work on probabilistic models of relevance  , and the recent developments in language modeling techniques for IR. With respect to representations  , two research directions can be taken in order to relax the independence assumption 9  , 16. The use of these two weights is equivalent to the tf.idf model SALT83b ,CROF84 which is regarded as one of the best statistical search strategies. We calculate the log-odds ratio of the probabilities of relevant and irrelevant given a particular context and assign the value to the query term weight. Estimating £ ¤ § © in a typical retrieval environment is difficult because we have no training data: we are given a query  , a large collection of documents and no indication of which documents might be relevant. In the language modeling framework  , documents are modeled as the multinomial distributions capturing the word frequency occurrence within the documents. The language mod¾ However  , the motivation to extend the original probabilistic model 28 with within-document term frequency and document length normalisation was probably based on empirical observations. Our contributions are:  Presenting a novel probabilistic opinion retrieval model that is based on proximity between opinion lexicons and query terms. The standard probabilistic retrieval model uses three basic parameters  Swanson  , 1974  , 1975: In particular  , instead of considering only the overall frequency characteristics of the terms  , one is interested in the term-occurrence properties in both the relevant and the nonrelevant items with respect to some query. The probabilistic model described in the following may be considered to be a proposal for such a framework. In this study  , we further extend the previous utilizations of query logs to tackle the contextual retrieval problems. All these experiments have like ours  , been done on the CACM document collection and the dependencies derived from queries were then used in a probabilistic model for retrieval. In general  , our work indicates the potential value of " teaching to the test " —choosing  , as the objective function to be optimized in the probabilistic model  , the metric used to evaluate the information retrieval system. We have proposed a probabilistic model for combining the outputs of an arbitrary number of query retrieval systems. In this section  , we describe probFuse  , a probabilistic approach to data fusion. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , there have been no attempts to prefetch RDF data based on the structure of sequential related Sparql queries within and across query sessions. We created a half of the queries  , and collected the other half from empirical experiments and frequently asked questions in Java-related newsgroups. Relevance modeling 14 is a BRF approach to language modeling that uses the top ranked documents to construct a probabilistic model for performing the second retrieval. Being able to provide specific answers is only possible from models supporting LMU only conditionally  , as for example the vector space models with trained parameters or probabilistic models do 7. The central issue of statistical machine translation is to construct a probabilistic model between the spaces of two languages 4. In information retrieval  , many statistical methods 3 8 9 have been proposed for effectively finding the relationship between terms in the space of user queries and those in the space of documents. The probabilistic annotation model can handle multi-word queries while the direct retrieval approach is limited to 1 word queries at this time. Figure 4shows that this yields a much better ordering than the original probabilistic annotation  , even better than the direct retrieval model for high ranks. We first employ a probabilistic retrieval model to retrieve candidate questions based on their relevance scores to a review. In this paper we presented a robust probabilistic model for query by melody. Several probabilistic retrieval models for integrating term statistics with entity search using multiple levels of document context to improve the performance of chemical patent invalidity search. We have shown here that at least as far as the current state of the art with respect to Boolean operators is concerned  , a probabilistic theory of information retrieval can be equally beneficial in this regard. The classic probabilistic model of information retrieval the RSJ model 18 takes the query-oriented view or need-oriented view  , assuming a given information need and choosing the query representation in order to select relevant documents. This ranking function includes a probability called the term significunce weight that can estimated by nor- malizing the within document frequency for a term in a particular document. Representative examples include the Probabilistic Indexing model that studies how likely a query term is assigned to a relevant document 17  , the RSJ model that derives a scoring function on the basis of the log-ratio of probability of relevance 20  , to name just a few. To the best of our knowledge  , our paper presents the very first application of all three n-gram based topic models on Gigabyte collections  , and a novel way to integrate n-gram based topic models into the language modeling framework for information retrieval tasks. All Permission to copy without ~ee all or part o~ this material is granted provided th;ot the copyright notice a~ the "Organization o~ the 1~86-ACM Con~erence an Research and Development in Information Retrieval~ and the title o~ the publication and it~ date appear. In the next section  , we address these concerns by taking a more principled approach to set-based information retrieval via maximum a posteriori probabilistic inference in a latent variable graphical model of marginal relevance PLMMR. ln the experiments reported in this paper we have also incremented document scores by some factor but the differences between our experiment and Croft's work are the methods used for identifying dependencies from queries  , and the fact that syntactic information from document texts sentence a.nd phrase boundaries is used in our work. While the inherent benefits of longer training times and better model estimates are now fairly well understood  , it has one additional advantage over query centric retrieval that does not appear to be widely appreciated. These methods should be considered with respect to their applicability in the field of information retrieval  , especially those that are based on a probabilistic model: they have a well-founded thm retical background and can be shown to be optimum with respect to certain reasonable restrictions. To copy otherwise  , to republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. Despite this progress in the development of formal retrieval models  , good empirical performance rarely comes directly from a theoretically well-motivated model; rather  , Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. The way this information can be used is best described using the probabilistic model of retrieval  , although the same information has been used effectively in systems based on the vector space model Salton and McGill  , 1983; Salton  , 1986; Fagan  , 1987  , 1981  , 1983. For systems with great variability in the lengths of its documents   , it would be more realistic to assume that for fixed j  , X is proportional to the length of document k. Assumption b seems to hold  , but sometimes the documents are ordered by topics  , and then adjacent documents often treat the same subject  , so that X and X~ may be positively correlated if Ik -gl is small. Our goal in the design of the PIA model and system was to allow a maximum freedom in the formulation and combination of predicates while still preserving a minimum semantic consensus necessary to build a meaningful user interface  , an eaecient query evaluator  , user proaele manager  , persistence manager etc. Correspondingly  , the cost of the outer query block can vary significantly depending on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the tuples produced. For a given nested query block  , several execution plans are possible  , each having its own required parameter sort order and cost. However   , we have chosen to re-arrange bytes by the sort order of prefixes read right to left. Results for such queries are shown in column TLC-O for the second group of queries q1-q2. This approach avoids generation of unwanted sort orders and corresponding plans. This Sort should also simplify the Group operation that follows and associates to each researcher the number of projects it belongs to. The sort continuous in this manner until the list of items is fully sorted in ascending order after the lg m th phase. While generating the plans for the nested blocks we consider only those plans that require a parameter sort order no stronger than the one guaranteed by the outer block. The cost of evaluating inner query block can vary significantly depending on the parameter sort order guaranteed by the outer query block. Correspondingly  , the cost of the outer parent query block can vary significantly depending on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the tuples produced. Then we sort the set of average intensities in ascending order and a rank is assigned to each block. The BWT rearranges characters in a block by the sort order of the suffixes of these characters. To reduce the number of candidate plans we can adopt a heuristic of considering only the physical operators that requires the strongest parameter sort order less than the guaranteed sort order. Depending on the delay condition  , HERB either simultaneously released the block no delay or waited until its head was fully turned and then released the block delay  , Fig- ure 2. Finally  , the block size for AIX is 2KB  , with Starburst assuming 4KB pages  , so each Starburst I/O actually requires two AIX I/OS.' A cost-based optimizer can consider the various interesting sort orders and decide on the overall best plan. For the table in Figure 3  , one might imagine that IP Address was used as a predictor for Client ID to some benefit because each user had a preferential computer   , shown below. However  , note that a sort-merge anti-join cannot be used if the correlated query block is part of a procedure or function where as NISR can be used in this case. If this heuristic is adopted in the above example  , when the parameter sort order guaranteed from the parent block is {p 1 } only the state retaining scan is considered and the plain table scan is dropped. An approximated block matrix is generated when we then sort the eigenvectors and rearrange the eigenvector components accordingly before calculating the eigenprojector. Figure 8shows an example of this technique in action. In this approach we first traverse all the blocks nested under a given query block and identify the set of all interesting parameter sort orders. Vo and Vo also showed that usage of multiple predictors for breaking ties in sort order often improves compression. For queries where other factors dominate the cost  , like join q2  , the speedup is relatively small. The rewrite applies only to single block selection queries. The run block size is the buffer size for external Instead of sorting the records in the data buffer directly  , we sort a set of pointers pointing to the records. We consider LB to be the elementary block and we attempt to discuss the possibilities of fault tolerance in this program. Since the matrices are hermitian  , the blocks are symmetric but different in color. We have implemented block nested-loop and hybrid hash variants. Similarly  , the second phase of bitonic sort involves merging each even-indexed 2- item block with the 2-item block immediately following it  , producing a list where consecutive 4-item blocks are sorted in alternating directions. Now  , the compatible combinations of plans and the effective parameter sort order they require from the parent block are as shown in Figure 5. Participants were also told that HERB's head would move and that HERB may provide suggestions about how to sort the blocks  , but that the final sorting method was up to them. When m is a power of 2  , bitonic sort lends itself to a very straight-forward non-recursive implementation based on the above description. Further  , the cost of the plan for the outer query block can vary significantly based on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the parameters. The necessary conditions to bundle operators within a block are: same degrees of parallelism and same partitioning strategies. Traditionally  , BWT rearranges bytes in a block by the sort order of all its suffixes. The minimum amount of main memory needed by Sort/Merge is three disk block buffers  , because in the sort phase  , two input buffers and one output buffer are needed. It is unfair for one sort to allocate extra memory it cannot use while others are waiting; l a sort whose performance is not very sensitive to memory should yield to sorts whose performance is more affected by memory space; l large sorts should not block small sorts indefinitely   , while small sorts should not prevent large sorts from getting a reasonable amount of mem- ory; l when all other conditions are the same  , older sorts should have priority over younger sorts. To eliminate unnecessary data traversal  , when generating data blocks  , we sort token-topic pairs w di   , z di  according to w di 's position in the shuffled vocabulary  , ensuring that all tokens belonging to the same model slice are actually contiguous in the data block see Figure 1 . If suffixes provide a good context for characters  , this creates regions of locally low entropy  , which can be exploited by various back-end compressors. Besides SIMDization  , implementing bitonic sort efficiently on the SPEs also require unrolling loops and avoiding branches as much as possible. The final permutation 41352 represents the sort order of the five tokens using last byte most significant order  , and can be used as input to future calls to permute. The bottom-up approach can be understood by the following signature of the Optimizer method. In the logical query DAG LQDAG  , due to the sharing of common subexpressions  , the mapping of parameters to the level of the query block that binds it cannot be fixed statically for each logical equivalence node. In each ordering we consider the first 5 blocks  , and for each block we calculate the maximum similarity to the 5 blocks on both the next and previous page. Plan operators that work in a set-oriented fashion e.g. To understand this property  , consider the paradigm used by previous skyline evaluation techniques  , such as Block Nested Loops 4 and Sort-First Skyline 9 . A cost-based optimizer can consider the various options available and decide on the overall best plan. This approach combines the benefits of both the top-down exhaustive approach and the bottom-up approach. In block B'Res  , a Sort operation is added to order the researchers according to their key number. A 6-axis force-torque sensor in the robot's hand identifies when the participant has grasped the block to begin the transfer phase of the handover. Our memory adjustment policy aims to improve overall system performance  , that is  , throughput and average response time  , but it also takes into account fairness considerations. The output of a single block FLWOR statement in XQuery can be ordered by either the binding/document order as specified in the FOR clauses or the value order as specified in the OR- DERBY clause. In order to avoid optimization of subexpressions for sort orders not of interest the bottom-up approach first optimizes the inner most query block producing a set of plans each corresponding to an interesting order. Inference of " bounded disorder " appears to be relevant when considering how order properties get propagated through block-nested-loop joins  , and could be exploited to reduce the cost of certain plan operators. Since the tuples within each block are sorted by timestamp  , a merge sort is employed to retrieve the original order of tuples across the different blocks in the run. The size of the shared pool  , which is used by Oracle to store session information such as sort areas and triggers  , was set to 20MB and the size of the log buffer to 4MB to minimise the influence of Oracle internals on the measurements. To the best of our knowledge  , the state-retention techniques and optimization of multi-branch  , multi-level correlated queries considering parameter sort orders have not been proposed or implemented earlier. BSBM supposes a realistic web application where the users can browse products and reviews. BSBM generates a query mix based on 12 queries template and 40 predicates. We randomly generated 100 different query mix of the " explore " use-case of BSBM. Each dataset has its own community of 50 clients running BSBM queries. On the BSBM dataset  , the performance of all systems is comparable for small dataset sizes  , but RW-TR scales better to large dataset sizes  , for the largest BSBM dataset it is on average up to 10 times faster than Sesame and up to 25 times faster than Virtuoso. This behavior promotes the local cache. Two synthetic datasets generated using RDF benchmark generators BSBM 2 and SP2B 3 were used for scalability evaluation. We extend the BSBM by trust assessments. The BSBM executes a mix of 12 SPARQL queries over generated sets of RDF data; the datasets are scalable to different sizes based on a scaling factor. The queries are in line with the BSBM mix of SPARQL queries and with the BSBM e-commerce use case that considers products as well as offers and reviews for these products. Due to space limitations   , we do not present our queries in detail; we refer the reader to the tSPARQL specification instead. The sp2b uses bibliographic data from dblp 12 as its test data set  , while the bsbm benchmark considers eCommerce as its subject area. This is normal because the cache has a limited size and the temporal locality of the cache reduce its utility. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. We compare the native SQL queries N  , which are specified in the BSBM benchmark with the ones resulting from the translation of SPARQL queries generated by Morph. 5 BSBM is currently focused on SPARQL queries  , therefore we plan to develop a set of representative SPARQL/Update operations to cover all features of our approach. We found that for the BSBM dataset/queries the average execution time stays approximately the same  , while the geometric mean slightly increases. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark 17 BSBM also generates fulltext content and person names. Figure 6 shows the results of these evaluations. For more details of the evaluation framework please refer to 15 ,16. Therefore  , 5 entries in the profile is sometimes not enough to compute a good similarity. The experimental results in Table 5show that exploiting the emergent relational schema even in this very preliminary implementation already improves the performance of Virtuoso on a number of BSBM Explore queries by up to a factor of 5.8 Q3  , Hot run. The geometric mean does not change dramatically  , because most queries do not touch more data on a larger dataset. Finally  , we present our conclusions and future work in Section 5. We also take into account that resources of BSBM data fall into different classes. We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator  , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method. Our extension  , available from the project website  , reads the named graphs-based datasets  , generates a consumer-specific trust value for each named graph  , and creates an assessments graph. Figure 6shows the distribution of queries over clients. The size of table productfeatureproduct is significantly bigger than the table product 280K rows vs 5M rows. For the LUBM dataset/queries the geometric mean stays approximately the same  , whilst the average execution time decreases. We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 2 to set up the experiment environment. We generate co-reference for each class separately to make sure that resources are only equivalent to those of the same class. In Section 4 we describe our evaluation using the BSBM synthetic benchmark  , and three positive experiences of applying our approach in real case projects. Figure 4bshows that the number of calls answered by caches are proportional with the size of the cache. As in the previous experimentation  , we run a new experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M hosted on the same LDF server with 2 different URLs. Two set of queries are used to perform two tasks: building a type summary and calculating some bibliometrics-based summary.  BSBM SQL 4 contains a join between two tables product and producttypeproduct and three subqueries  , two of them are used as OR operators. The flow of BSBM queries simulates a real user interacting with a web application. The SP 2 Bench and BSBM were not considered for our RDF fulltext benchmark simply due to the fact of their very recent publication. The BSBM benchmark 1 is built around an e-commerce use case  , and its data generator supports the creation of arbitrarily large datasets using the number of products as scale factor. Although not included here  , we also evaluated those queries using D2R 0.8.1 with the –fast option enabled. The measured total time for a run includes everything from query optimization until the result set is fully traversed  , but the decoding of the results is not forced. During query execution the engine determines trust values with the simple  , provenance-based trust function introduced before. Enriching these benchmarks with real world fulltext content and fulltext queries is very much in our favor. Additionally  , a subset of the realworld data collection Biocyc 1 that consists of 1763 databases describing the genome and metabolic pathways of a single organism was used. Most surprisingly  , the RDFa data that dominates WebDataCommons and even DBpedia is more than 90% regular. For this setting  , the chart in Figure 9b depicts the average times to execute the BSBM query mix; furthermore  , the chart puts the measures in relation to the times obtained for our engine with a trust value cache in the previous experiment. We run an experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M  , hosted on the same LDF server with 2 differents URLs. The BSBM SPARQL queries are designed in such a way that they contain different types of queries and operators  , including SELECT/CONTRUCT/DESCRIBE  , OPTIONAL  , UNION. To understand this behaviour better  , we analyzed the query plans generated by the RDBMS. For BSBM we executed the same ten generated queries from each category  , computed the category average and reported the average and geometric mean over all categories. The Social Intelligence BenchMark SIB 11  is an RDF benchmark that introduces the S3G2 Scalable Structure-correlated Social Graph Generator for generating social graphs that contain certain structural correlations. In the same spirit  , the corresponding SQL queries also consider various properties such as low selectivity  , high selectivity  , inner join  , left outer join  , and union among many others. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. To measure the impact of this extension on query execution times we compare the results of executing our extended version of the BSBM with ARQ and with our tSPARQL query engine. As the chart illustrates  , determing trust values during query execution dominates the query execution time. The data generator is able to generate datasets with different sizes containing entities normally involved in the domain e.g. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. Both benchmarks allow for the creation of arbitrary sized data sets  , although the number of attributes for any given class is lower than the numbers found in the ssa. While the BSBM benchmark is considered as a standard way of evaluating RDB2RDF approaches  , given the fact that it is very comprehensive  , we were also interested in analysing real-world queries from projects that we had access to  , and where there were issues with respect to the performance of the SPARQL to SQL query rewriting approach. The BSBM benchmark 5  focuses on the e-commerce domain and provides a data generation tool and a set of twelve SPARQL queries together with their corresponding SQL queries generated by hand. In all the cases  , we compare the queries generated by D2R Server with –fast enabled with the queries generated by Morph with subquery and self-join elimination enabled. SOM 14Self Organizing Map or SOFM Self Organizing Feature Map shares the same philosophy to produce low dimension from high dimension. b Self-Organizing Map computed for trajectory-oriented data 20. The training of each single self-orgzmizing map follows the basic seiforganizing map learning rule. An interesting property of hierarchical feature maps is the tremendous speed-up as compared to the self-organizing map. Searching in time series data can effectively be supported by visual interactive query specification and result visualization. Another example of visualization techniques of this category is self-organizing map SOM. Abnormal aging and fault will result in deviations with respect to normal conditions. Moreover  , the self-organidng map was used in 29 for text claeaiflcation. For this experiment we used our own implementation of self-organbdng maps as moat thoroughly described in 30. By determining the size of the map the user can decide which level of abstraction she desires. Locating a piece of music on the map then leaves you with similar music next to it  , allowing intuitive exploration of a music archive. Usually  , the Euclidean distance between the weight vector and the input pattern is used to calculate a unit's activation. Finally  , as a result of these first two steps  , the " cleaned " database can be used as input to a Self-Organizing Map with a " proper " distance for trajectories visualization. Vectors with three components are completed with zero values. As a result of this transformation we now have equi-distant data samples in each frequency band. This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. For each output unit in one layer of the hierarchy a two-dimensional self-organizing map is added to the next layer. Similar to the works described in this paper  , a Self-Organizing Map is used to cluster the resulting feature vectors. These feature vectors are further used for training a Self-Organizing Map. The difference is the risk to loose the exact plot locations over the original projection. After all documents are indexed  , the data are aggregated and sent to the Self-Organizing Map for categorization. Input vectors composed of range-to-obstacle indicators' readouts and direction-to-goal indicator readouts are partitioned into one of predefined perceptual situation classes. The Self-Organizing Map generated a The Arizona Noun Phraser allowed subjects to narrow and refine their searches as well as provided a list of key phrases that represented the collection. The effect of such a dimension reduction in keyword-baaed document mpmmmtation and aubeequent self-organizing map training with the compreaaed input patterns is described in 32 . Another very promising work is 15 which uses a self-organizing feature map SOFM 12 in order to generate a map of documents where documents dealing with similar topics are located near each other. A self-organizing feature map consists of a two-dimensional array of units; each unit is connected to n input nodes  , and contains a ndimensional vector Wii wherein i ,j identifies the unit at location Ci ,jJ of the array. The SOM solution for getting the tabular view would be to construct a self organizing map over the bidimensional projection. Furthermore  , if a general optimality criterion is given at runtime  , a global optimum can be sought along the lower-dimensional self-motion manifold rather than in the complete n-dimensional configuration space. Experimental results organizing an archive of MP3 music are presented in Section 4  , followed by some conclusions as well as an outlook on future work in Section 5. Probably one of the more important advantages is that generative topographic mapping should be open for rigorous mathematical treatment  , an area where the self- . To help analyze the behavior of our method we used a Self-Organizing Map via the SOM-PAK package 9  , to 'flatten' and visualize the high-dimensional density function 2 . In the CI Spider study  , subjects believed it was easier to find useful information using CI Spider with a score of 3.97/5.00 than using Lycos domain search 3.33 or manual within-site browsing and searching 3.23. In section 6 experimental results are reported and in section 7 a conclusion is given. In ll  the classification task is performed by a self-organizing Kohonen's map. The SOM is designed to create a two-dimensional representation of cells topologically arranged according to the inherent metric ordering relations between the samples in the feature space. In order to use the self-organizing map to cluster text documents  , the various texts have to be represented as the histogram of its words. In Figure 6we provide a typical result from training a self-organizing map with the NIHCL data. Using this similarity in a self organizing map  , we found clusters from visitor sessions  , which allow us to study the user behavior in the web. The Arizona Noun Phraser developed at the University of Arizona is the indexing tool used to index the key phrases that appear in each document collected from the Internet by the Internet Spiders. The density maps for three TREC topics are shown in Figure 2above. F@re 6 shows in fact a highly similar classification rum .dt  , in that the various documents are arranged within the two-dimensional output space of the self-organizing map m concordance with their mutual fictional similarity. To summarize the results  , the experiments indicated that basically the came cluster results can be achieved by spending only a fhction of time for the training proceua. Among the most prominent projects in this arena is the WEBSOM system 12 representing over 1 million Usenet newsgroup articles in a single huge SOM. This is followed by a presentation of our approach to automatic organization of music archives by sound similarity in Section 3  , covering feature extraction  , the principles of the Self-Organizing Map  , and the two-layered architecture used to organize music. If information about the topological order of the training data is provided  , or can be inferred   , only a very small data set is required. In order to achieve a higher resolution in the Cspace and to efficiently use the occupied main memory  , we developed a reorganization mechanism of the C-space  , based on Kohonen's self-organizing feature map  , which is stated in section 5. Each neuron computes the Euclidean distance between the input vector x and the stored weight vector Wii. The mapping to the dual plane and the use of arrangements provides an intuitive framework for representing and maintaining the rankings of all possible top-k queries in a non-redundant  , self-organizing manner. To investigate the robustness of this method  , we added the every type ofnoise to the integrated dataset of the three objects and examined rohustness of maps for categorization tasks under that various conditions. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. This evolution will be characterized by a trajectory on a two-dimensional Self-Organizing Map. The similarity introduced  , can be very useful to increase the knowledge about the visitor behavior in the web. One drawback of these types of systems especially for portable devices is that they require large screen real estate and significant visual attention from the user. An exact positioning of the borderline between the various groups of similar documents  , however  , is not as intuitively to datarmine as with hierarchical feature maps that are presented above. Using Kohonen maps allow the robot to organize the models of the three objects based on its embodiment without the designer's intervention because of the self-organizing characteristic of the map. We set the context window size m to 10 unless otherwise stated. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. Further more  , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data. In our experiments  , we use the gensim implementation of skipgram models 2 . To represent a specific node in S  , previous work tries to find matches in the skipgram model for every phrase  , and average the corresponding vectors 9. Specifically  , in this work we employ the SkipGram algo- rithm 25 which learns word embedding in an unsupervised way by optimizing the vector similarity of each word to context words in a small window around its occurrences in a large corpus. We learned 3 the mapping of 300  , 000 words to a 100-dimension embedded space over a corpus consisting of 7.5 million Web queries  , sampled randomly from a query log. We conduct CLIR experiments using the TREC 6 CLIR dataset described in Section 5.1. Xu and Weischedel 19 estimated an upper bound on CLIR performance. Probabilistic CLIR. It does not occur in an operational CLIR setting. The simpler MoIR models may be directly derived from the more general CLIR setting. Section 7 and 8 compare our system with structural query translation and MTbased CLIR. For commercial reasons  , we have developed technology for English  , Japanese  , and Chinese CLIR. We ran CLIR and computed MAP at different Cumulative Probability Thresholds CPT. Retrieval results show that their impact on CLIR is very small. Table 4shows a comparison of the recall precision values for the English-Chinese CLIR experimental results. Despite the big differences between the two language pairs  , our experiments on English- Chinese CLIR consistently confirmed these findings  , showing the proposed cross-language meaning matching technique is not only effective  , but also robust. In this paper we report results of an experimental investigation into English-Japanese CLIR. We propose an approach to estimate the translation probability of a query term according to its effect on CLIR. While most existing studies have concentrated on CLIR between English and one or more European languages  , there is a need to develop methods for CLIR between European and Asian languages . To perform such benchmark  , we use the documents of TREC6 CLIR data AP88-90 newswire  , 750MB with officially provided 25 short French-English queries pairs CL1-CL25. The actual CLIR research seeks to answer the question how fuzzy translation should be applied in an automatic CLIR query formulation and interactive CLIR to achieve the best possible retrieval performance. Both CLIR and CLTC are based on some computation of the similarity between texts  , comparing documents with queries or class profiles. The main difficulties for CLIR are the disambiguation of the query term in the source and target language and the identification of the query language. Next we examined transitive retrieval to gauge its impact on notranslation CLIR. Based on this fundamental idea of CLIR  , we can define a corresponding Mixed-script IR MSIR setup as follows. What is shown at each point in the figure is the monolingual percentage of the CLIR MAP. The resulting good performance of CLIR corresponds to the high quality of the suggested queries. In the other experiments  , the English queries are translated into French and French queries are translated into English using various tools: 2. Since monolingual retrieval is a special case of CLIR  , where the query terms and document terms happen to be of the same language e.g. Nonetheless  , the results suggest that a simple dictionary-based approach can be as effective as a sophisticated MT system for CLIR. In order to analyze how good our query translation approach for CLIR  , we display in Fig. We performed three official automatic CLIR runs and 29 post-hoc automatic CLIR runs. Overall  , English-French CLIR was very effective  , achieving at least 90% of monolingual MAP when translation alternatives with very low probability were excluded. This is also one of very few recent studies to empirically explore the value of multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies for CLIR. Such effectiveness is consistent across different translation approaches as well as benchmarks. Paradoxically  , technical terms and names are not generally found in electronic translation dictionaries utilised by MT and CLIR systems. In dictionary-based CLIR queries are translated into the language of documents through electronic dictionaries. In each case  , we formed title+description queries in the same manner as for the automatic monolingual run. Our most relevant work 10  presented a method to predict the performance of CLIR according to translation quality and ease of queries. The reader is referred to the technical report by Oard and Dorr for an excellent review of the CLIR literature 18. Moreover we investigate how a controlled vocabulary can be used to conduct free-text based CLIR. For English-Chinese CLIR  , we accumulated search topics from TREC-5 and TREC-6  , which used the same Chinese document collection. The effectiveness of the various query translation methods for CLIR was then investigated. Most present CLIR methods fall into three categories: dictionary-based  , MT-based and corpus-based methods 1 . CLIR is characterized by differences in query and document language 3. Table 5shows that probabilistic CLIR using our system outperforms the three runs using SYSTRAN  , but the improvement over the combined MT run is very small. RUN1: To provide a baseline for our CLIR results  , we used BableFish to " manually " translate each Chinese query. Applications for alignments other than CLIR  , such as automatic dictionary extraction  , thesaurus generation and others  , are possible for the future. Multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies   , however  , are an underrepresented class of CLIR resources. Our approach to CLIR in MEDLINE is to exploit the UMLS Metathesaurus and its multilingual components. Research in the area of CLIR has focused mainly on methods for query translation. However  , previous work showed that English- Chinese CLIR using simple dictionary translation yields a performance lower than 60% of the monolingual performance 14. Although the principle of using parallel texts in CLIR is similar  , the approaches used may be very different. Based on the observation that the CLIR performance heavily relies on the quality of the suggested queries  , this benchmark measures the quality of CLQS in terms of its effectiveness in helping CLIR. There might be two possible reasons. The multilingual information retrieval problem we tackle is therefore a generalization of CLIR. Section 2 introduces the statistical approach to CLIR. Table 6shows examples of queries transformed through both alternatives. cross-language performance is 87.94% of the monolingual performance. Similar as for MoIR  , the combined CLIR models are also compared. Based on the results of this study our future research will involve the identification of language pairs for which fuzzy translation is effective  , the improvement of the rules for example  , utilising rule co-occurrence information  , testing the effects of tuning a confidence factor by a specific language pair  , selecting the best TRT and fuzzy matching combination  , and testing how to apply fuzzy translation in actual CLIR research. The Ad Hoc task provides a useful opportunity for us to get new people familiar with the tools that we will be using in the CLIR track|this year we submitted a single oocial Ad Hoc run using Inquery 3.1p1 with the default settings. Because the commercial versions of the dictionaries were converted automatically to CLIR versions  , with no manual changes done to the dictionaries or the translations  , the performance level of the CLIR queries achieved in the study can be achieved in practice in an operational CLIR setting. The study used a structuring method  , in which those words that were derived from the same Finnish word were grouped into the same facet. Even though a common approach in CLIR is to perform query translation QT using a bilingual dictionary 32  , there were studies showing that combining both QT and document translation DT improved retrieval performance in CLIR by using bilingual representations in both the source and target language 28  , 19  , 7  , 4. Our experiments with an English-French test collection for which a large number of topics are available showed that CLIR using bidirectional translation knowledge together with statistical synonymy significantly outperformed CLIR in which only unidirectional translation knowledge was exploited  , achieving CLIR effectiveness comparable to monolingual effectiveness under similar conditions. The CLIR experiments reported in this section were performed using the TREC 2002 CLIR track collection  , which contains 383 ,872 articles from the Agence France Press AFP Arabic newswire  , 50 topic descriptions written in English  , and associated relevance judgments 12. Experiments for English and Dutch MoIR  , as well as for English-to-Dutch and Dutch-to-English CLIR using benchmarking CLEF 2001-2003 collections and queries demonstrate the utility of our novel MoIR and CLIR models based on word embeddings induced by the BWESG model. Section 5 presents the results  , Section 6 suggests future work  , and Section 7 concludes. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR refers to retrieval when the query and the database are in different languages. In this section  , we show the effectiveness of our approach for CLIR. The results are available in tab. 1997 found that their corpus-based CLIR queries performed almost as well as the monolingual baseline queries. Our approach is independent of stemmers  , part of speech taggers and parsers. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR remains a difficult task. Hence  , CLIR experiments were performed with different translations: i.e. Phrasal translation approach 17  , 11 was inspected for improving CLIR performance. However  , our approach is unique in several senses. This is importmt in a CLIR environment. Automatic phrase identification methods have been developed for CLIR environment Ballesteros & Croft  , 1997 . It also shows that monolingual performance is not necessarily the upper bound of CLIR performance. Moving from the global perspective to an individual level  , CLIR is useful  , for example  , for the people  , who are able to understand a foreign language  , but have difficulty in using it actively. The focus of this paper is on machine learning-based CLIR approaches and on metrics to measure orthogonality between these systems. Translation experiments and CLIR experiments are based on the CLEF topic titles C041-C200  , which are capitalized  , contain stopwords and full word forms. Technical terms and proper names constitute a major problem in dictionary-based CLIR  , since usually just the most commonly used technical terms and names are found in translation dictionaries. Direct comparison to techniques based on language modeling would be more difficult to interpret because vector space and language modeling handle issues such as smoothing and DF differently. In addition to the ambiguity problem  , each of the approaches to CLIR has drawbacks associated with the availability of resources. In this paper  , we look at CLIR from a statistical modelling perspective  , similarly to how the problems of part-of-speech tagging  , speech recognition  , and machine translation have been  , successfully  , approached. Dictionary based CLIR was explored by several groups including New Mexico State University 8  , University of Massachusetts l  , and the Xerox Research Center Europe ll. An overview of the technical issues involved in supporting CLIR within the European Library with a specific focus on user query translation can be found in Agosti1. It is certainly true that nonparticipants might have more difficulties in interpreting their results based on the small size of the CLIR pool  , as Twenty-One points out. In English-Chinese CLIR  , pre-translation query expansion means using a separate English collection for pretranslation retrieval in order to expand the English query with highly associated English terms. Our experiments of CLIR showed that the triple translation has a positive impact on the query translation  , and results in significant improvements of CLIR performance over the co-occurrence method. Finding translations in general dictionaries for CLIR encounters the problems of the translation of unknown queries -especially for short queries and the availability of up-to-date lexical resources. It has been suggested that CLIR can potentially utilize the multiple useful translations in a bilingual lexicon to improve retrieval performance Klavans and Hovy  , 1999. Section 3 then introduces our meaning matching model and explains how some previously known CLIR techniques can be viewed as restricted implementations of meaning matching . Research on CLIR has therefore focused on three main questions: 1 which terms should be translated ? Although not strictly an upper bound because of expansion effects  , it is quite common in CLIR evaluation to compare the effectiveness of a CLIR system with a monolingual baseline. More generally  , this research is motivated by the fact that  , relative to dictionaries and collection based strategies  , thesauri remain unexplored in the recent CLIR context. We investigate query translation based CLIR here. Even though precomputation can improve the efficiency of our system as we discussed earlier  , we expect MT-based CLIR would still be faster due to a sparser term-document matrix. One might wonder whether we can use the Arabic monolingual thesaurus to improve CLIR. The left graph shows a comparison of doing English-German CLIR using the alignments  , the wordlist or the combination of both. Research in CLIR explores techniques for retrieving documents in one language in response to queries in a different language. The most obvious approach to CLIR is by either translating the queries into the language of the target documents or translating the documents into the language of the queries. The problem of multilingual text retrieval has a long history. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR addresses the situation where the query that a user presents to an IR system  , is not in the same language as the corpus of documents being searched. However  , as the translation resource is constant across the experiments in the paper  , we were confident this would not affect the comparison of triangulation to other CLIR techniques. Thus  , it is important for a translation system based CLIR approach to maintain the uncertainty in translating queries when queries are ambiguous. OOV problem consists of having a dictionary that is not able to completely cover all terms of a language or  , more generally  , of a domain . These components interact  , respectively  , with the MT services and with the domain-specific ontology deployed on the CLIR system. The goal of the presented study was the investigation on the effectiveness of integrating semantic domain-specific resources  , like ontologies  , into a CLIR context. We obtained monolingual baselines for each language pair by retrieving documents with TD queries formulated from search topics that are expressed in the same language as the documents. Scanning the papers of CLIR Track participants in TREC-9 and TREC-2001  , we observe a trend toward the fusion of multiple resources in an attempt to improve lexical coverage. We also show how to use the alignments to extend the classical CLIR problem to a scenario where mono-and cross-language result lists are merged. In CLIR  , queries are translated from the source language to the target language  , and the original and translated queries are used to retrieve documents in both the source and targeted languages. This strategy works well with many relevant documents retrieved in the initial top n  , but is less successful when the initial retrieval effectiveness is poor  , which is commonly the case in CLIR where initial retrieval performance is affected by translation accuracy see  , e.g. However  , research funding by such projects as TIDES 1   , indicates that there is a need  , within intelligence organisations at least  , for CLIR systems using poor translation resources and pivots. Contributions. Indeed  , the impressive CLIR performance was typically observed in the following settings: 1 test documents were general-domain news stories i.e. Let L1 be the source language and L2 be the target language in CLIR  , all our corpus-based methods consist of the following steps: 1. Benchmarked using TREC 6 French to English CLIR task  , CLQS demonstrates higher effectiveness than the traditional query translation methods using either bilingual dictionary or commercial machine translation tools. Davis and Dunning 1996 and Davis 1997 also found that the performance of MRD-based CLIR queries was much poorer than that of monolingual queries. A common problem with past research on MT-based CLIR is that a direct comparison of retrieval results with other approaches is difficult because the lexical resources inside most commercial MT systems cannot be directly accessed. Tools for CLIR such as dictionaries are not universally available in every language needed or in every domain covered in digital libraries. Thirteen groups participated in the CLIR track introduced in TREC-6  , with documents and queries in German   , English  , French and queries in Dutch and Spanish as well. Interestingly  , this assumption yielded good results in the English-F'rench CLIR runs. We are interested in realizing 1 the possibility of predicting a query term to be translated or not; 2 whether the prediction can effectively improve CLIR performance; and 3 how untranslated OOV and various translations of non-OOV terms affect CLIR performance. This paper has proposed an approach to automatically translate unknown queries for CLIR using the dynamic Web as the corpus. The obtained experimental results have shown its effectiveness in efficiently generating translation equivalents of various unknown query terms and improving retrieval performance for conventional CLIR approaches. The most important difference between them is the fact that CLIR is based on queries  , consisting of a few words only  , whereas in CLTC each class is defined by an extensive profile which may be seen as a weighted collection of documents. In developing techniques for CLTC  , we want to keep in mind the lessons learned in CLIR. At query time  , the CLIR system may perform the construction of three types of queries  , starting from the ones formulated by users  , based on the system configuration: 1. CLIR systems need to be robust enough to tackle textual variations or errors both at the query end and at the document end. Explicitly expressing term dependency relations has produced good results in monolingual retrieval 9  , 18   , but extending that idea to CLIR has not proven to be straightforward. Query translation approaches for cross-language information retrieval CLIR can be pursued either by applying a machine translation MT system or by using a token-to-token bilingual mapping. Even for Spanish- Chinese CLIR  , we used the English projection to place documents of both languages in the reduced space where the actual CLIR-task is performed. However  , when MRD translation was supplemented with parts-of-speech POS disambiguation  , or POS and corpus-based disambiguation   , CLIR queries performed much better. We propose that translating pieces of words sequences of n characters in a row  , called character n-grams can be as effective as translating words while conveying additional benefits for CLIR. In pure thesaurus based retrieval  , documents and queries are matched through their thesaurus based representations   , with document representations derived by an indexer and query representations provided by users. As summarized by Schauble and Sheridan 24  the TREC- 6 CLIR results appear consistent with previous results in that the performances typically range between 50 and 75% of the corresponding monolingual baselines. From our perspective  , it is evident that given the nature of the TREC collections  , CLIR approaches based upon multilingual thesauri remain difficult to explore. Soergel describes a general framework for the use of multilingual thesauri in CLIR 27   , noting that a number of operational European systems employ multilingual thesauri such as UDC and LCSH for indexing and searching. Query translation  , which aims to translate queries in one language into another used in documents  , has been widely adopted in CLIR. Its correct Chinese translations result in average precision AP of 0.5914 for CLIR. Section 4 then describes the design of an experiment in which three variants of meaning matching are compared to strong monolingual and CLIR baselines. A major motivation for us to develop the cross-language meaning matching model is to improve CLIR effectiveness over a strong CLIR baseline. One of the simplest yet well performing approaches to CLIR is based on query translation using an existing Statistical Machine Translation SMT system which is treated as a black box. The fact that our approach outperformed one of the best commercial MT systems indicates that some specific translation tools designed for query translation in CLIR may be better than on-the-shelf MT systems. For evaluating the effectiveness of the CLIR system  , different standard metrics have been adopted. We also presented a revised version of the co-occurrence model. For patent search in compounding languages  , the CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than for other language pairs 3  , 7 . Recently  , approaches exploiting the use of semantics have been explored. Both NUS and NIfWP queries were divided into two subtypes  , structured and unstructured queries. However  , the performance can be improved by supplemental methods and by structuring of queries. CLIR typically involve translating queries from one language to another. In Section 2  , we review previous work on CLIR using query translation  , document translation  , and merged result sets. We proposed and evaluated a novel approach to extracting bilingual terminology from comparable corpora in CLIR. Exploiting different translation models revealed to be highly effective. In this paper  , we proposed a method to leverage click-through data to extract query translation pairs. 2 reports the enhancement on CLIR by post-translation expansion. From a statistical perspective  , the CLIR problem can be formulated as follows. This phenomenon motivates us to explore whether a query term should be translated or not. Still others are affected by the translation quality obtained. Score normalisation is not necessary for the web task  , but is relevant for other tasks like CLIR and topic tracking. Conventionally CLIR approaches 4 ,7 ,8 ,12 ,21 have focused mainly on incorporating dictionaries and domain-specific bilingual corpora for query translation 6 ,10 ,18. This is also observed in our experiments. The advantage of the dictionary-based approach is also twofold. We contrast and compare our recent work as CLIR/DLF postdoctoral fellows placed in three different institutions 2. On English-Chinese CLIR  , our focus was put on finding effective ways for query translation. 4a comparison of the retrieval results for the 25 queries. We have a large English-Chinese bilingual dictionary from LDC. Finally  , Section 8 states some conclusions. The above experiment demonstrates the effectiveness of using CLQS to suggest relevant queries for CLIR enhancement. The runs which do candidate selection fig. Corpus based methods have also been investigated independent of dictionaries. The impact of disambiguation for CLIR is debatable. Applying the research results in that area will be helpful. The effect on CLIR queries was small  , as the Finnish queries did not have many phrases. Therefore the main task in CLIR is not translating sentences but translating phrases. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR deals with the problem of finding documents written in a language different from the one used for query formulation. Two reports have measured retrieval performance as a function of resources for English-Chinese retrieval. Therefore  , it gives a good indication on the possible impact on query translation. The CLIR model described in 5 is based on the following decomposition: In particular  , the models proposed in 5  , 18  , 1 are considered. Large English- Chinese bilingual dictionaries are now available. 2 11 queries with monolingual Avg. P lower than CLIR. Despite the reasonable average percentual increase  , most of the differences are not significant. Groups experimenting with such approaches during this or former CLIR tracks include Eurospider  , IBM and the University of Montreal. A second approach we used for translation is based on automatic dictionary lookup. In this paper  , we explore several methods to improve query translation for English-Chinese CLIR. We evaluate the three proposed query translation models on CLIR experiments on TREC Chinese collections. According to Hull and Grefenstette 1996 human translation in CLIR experiments is an additional source of error. Pair-wise pvalues are shown in Table 4. Some should-not-betranslated terms inherently suffer from their ineffectiveness in CLIR. In CLIR  , given the expense of translation  , a user is likely to be interested in the top few retrieved documents. However  , it is often a reasonable choice to transliterate certain OOV words  , especially the Named Entities NEs. There are several ways to cross the language barriers in CLIR systems. Section 2 presents an overview of the works carried out in the field of CLIR systems. The Arabic topics were used in our monolingual experiments and the English topics in our CLIR experiments. Within the project Twenty-One a system is built that supports Crosslanguage Information Retrieval CLIR. Query translation is usually selected for practical reasons of eeciency. Thecompared AveP and G AveP. However  , it should be stressed that MT and IR have widely divergent concerns. Half of the topics shows an increase in average precision  , the other half a decrease. Section 3 describes our CLIR experiments with and without our automatically discovered dictionary entries. Results are presented and discussed in Section 4. They concluded that even if the translation ambiguity were solved correctly  , only limited improvement can be obtained. 3 9 queries with monolingual average precision higher than CLIR. This makes it worth finding how effective CHI is in CLIR when compared to WM1. 16  develops a cross-lingual relevancy model by leveraging the crosslingual co-occurrence statistics in parallel texts. In Section 3  , we presented a discriminative model for cross lingual query suggestion. The following list of user requirements related to CLIR was derived: Together with the observation notes  , the scenarios served to identify key factors for system design. In cross-language IR either documents or queries have to be translated. The last section summarizes this work and outlines directions for future work. We induced a bilingual lexicon from the translated corpus by treating the translated corpus as a pseudo-parallel corpus. The system achieved roughly 90% of monolingual performance in retrieving Chinese documents and 85% in retrieving Spanish documents. We define translation  , expansion  , and replacement features. Another group of useful features are CLIR features. To overcome the language barrier in cross-language information retrieval CLIR  , either queries or documents are translated into the language of their counterparts. Thus we argue that the DICT model gives a reasonable baseline. One reason is simply the cost of existing linguistic resources  , such as dictionaries. Another problem associated with the dictionary-based method is the problem in translating compound-noun phrases in a query. In this section  , we describe the approach we have adopted for addressing the CLIR problem. A gold standard that  , for each query  , provides the list of the relevant documents used to evaluate the results provided by the CLIR system. SMT-based CLIR-methods clearly outperform all others. In the following sections  , we first describe the system and the language resources employed for the TREC-8 CLIR track. In TREC-10 the Berkeley group participated only in the English-Arabic cross-language retrieval CLIR track. one such technique of implementing fuzzy text search for CLIR to solve the above mentioned problems. Thus  , the previous studies show that simple MRD-based CLIR queries perform poorly. Previous studies McCarley  , 1999 suggested that such a combination can improve CLIR performance. Research in the area of cross-language information retrieval CLIR has focused mainly on methods for translating queries. In particular we concentrate on the comparison of various query translation methods. We have explored a CLIR method for MEDLINE using only the multilingual Metathesaurus for query translation . Such approaches pursue the reduction of erroneous or irrelevant translations in hope that the CLIR performance could approach to that of monolingual information retrieval MIR. NTCIR test collection and SMART retrieval system were used to evaluate the proposed strategies in CLIR. Results showed that larger lexicon sources  , phrase translation  , and disambiguation techniques improve CLIR performance significantly and consistently on TREC-9 corpus. However  , MT systems are available for only a few pairs of languages. In comparison with MT  , this approach is more flexible. Many questions need to be answered. This year we approached TREC Genomics using a cross language IR CLIR techniques. In this work  , we have presented a CLIR system based on the combination of the usage of domain-specific multilingual ontologies i for expanding queries and ii for enriching document representation with the index in a multilingual environment. However  , except for very early work with small databases 22   , there has been little empirical evaluation of multilingual thesauri controlled vocabularies in the context of free-text based CLIR  , particularIy when compared to dictionary and corpus-based methods. There have been three main approaches to CLIR: translation via machine translation tectilques ~ad94; parallel or comparable corpora-based methods lJX195aj LL90  , SB96  , and dictionary-based methods Sa172 ,Pev72  , HG96  , BC96. CLIR has received more attention than any other querytime replacement problem in recent years  , and several effective techniques are now known. In the last decade  , however  , with the growth in the number of Web users  , the need of facing the problem of the language barriers for exchanging information has notably increased and the need for CLIR systems in everyday life has become more and more clear the recent book by J.-Y. Since the main goal of the presented work consists of exploring the impact of domain-specific semantic resources on the effectiveness of CLIR systems  , in our investigations we will focus on the strategies for matching textual inputs to ontological concepts applied to both the query and the documents in the target collection rather than on the translation of the textual query. It is caused by that statistical features reflect the underlying distribution of translated terms in the document collection  , and also that CLIR features reveal the degree of translation necessity. We have demonstrated that using statistical term similarity measures to enhance the dictionary-based query-translation CLIR method  , particularly in term disambiguation and query expansion  , can significantly improve retrieval effectiveness. Post-hoc CLIR results are reported on all 75 topics from TREC 2001 and TREC 2002. One reason is that ad-hoc CLEF tasks evaluate CLIR systems as a whole; there is no direct comparison of alternative solutions for specific system components  , such as translation strategies given a fixed set of translation resources  , or resource acquisition techniques given a fixed translation strategy. For TREC-7 and TDT-2 we had been using PRISE  , but our interest in trying out Pirkola's technique for CLIR led to our choice of Inquery for CLIR TREC-8. MRD-based approaches demonstrated to be effective for addressing the CLIR problem ; however  , when CLIR systems are applied to specific domains  , they suffer of the " Out-Of-Vocabulary " OOV issue 7. A plethora of literature about cross lingual information retrieval CLIR exists. These methods follow a very similar pattern: the query 28 or the target document set 3 is automatically translated and search is then performed using standard monolingual search. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file formats  , such as e.g. Jeff Rothenberg together with CLIR 25  envision a framework of an ideal preservation surrounding for emulation. Emulation requires sufficient knowledge from the user about the computer environment and dependencies of components. In both works  , the results demonstrated that the idea of using domain specific resources for CLIR is promising. Since then  , research in CLIR has grown to cover a wider variety of languages and techniques. Such a technique has been shown to improve CLIR performance. This more general problem will also be investigated in the CLIR track for the upcoming TREC-7 conference. Quality assessment independent of a specific application will be discussed in the following  , whereas an evaluation of the alignments for use in CLIR can be found in section 4. There are various reasons for textual variations like spelling variations  , dialectal variations  , morphological variations etc. The English NL/S and NUWP queries that provided the basis for Finnish queries  , were also used as baselines for CLIR queries see Figure 1. The syn-operator treats its operand search keys as instances of the same key. One possible way by which structuring disambiguates CLIR queries is that it enforces " conjunctive " relationships between search keys. Translating pieces of words seems odd. In this paper  , we proposed several approaches to improve dictionary-based query translation for CLIR. The latter runs the decoder directly with the new weights. WE-VS. Our new retrieval model which relies on the induction of word embeddings and their usage in the construction of query and document embeddings is described in sect. Sometimes such expressions are written identically in different languages and no translation is needed. CLIR systems' proven ability to rank news stories might not transfer readily to other genres such as medical journal articles – a point also raised by 16. We outline the corpus-based CLIR methods and a MT-based approach  , with pointers to the literature where detailed descriptions can be found. All of the correlation values exceed 0.6  , and therefore are statistically highly significant. We propose a novel approach to learning from comparable corpora and extracting a bilingual lexicon. Successful translation of OOV terms is one of the challenges of CLIR. A Chinese topic contains four parts: title  , description  , narrative and key words relevant to whole topic. This implies users would prefer them  , but the technique is rarely deployed in actual IR systems. So it is very interesting to compare the CLQS approach with the conventional query expansion approaches. Interestingly  , both systems obtained best results by using French as source language 4 . Disambiguation of multiplesense terms by estimating co-occurrence for each chandi- date3 has also shown evident accuracy enhancement. In this section  , we discuss the effect of translating OOV and non-OOV query terms on CLIR. For those ineffective OOV terms LRMIR < 0  , not-translating such terms is beneficial to CLIR performance. We also verify that translating should-be-translated terms indeed helps improve CLIR performance across various translation methods   , retrieval models  , and benchmarks. According to the authors  , it appears that document translation performs at least as well as query translation. For TREC-6  , the CLIR track topics were developed centrally at NIST Schäuble and Sheridan  , 1998. They found that users were able to reliably assess the topical relevance of translated documents . Only the umd99b1" and umd99c1" runs contributed to the relevance assessment pools. But in our CLIR system  , in some degree  , word disambiguation has not taken some obvious affect to retrieval efficiency. After that  , we submit four runs for CLIR official evaluation this year. TREC-8 marks the first occasion for CLARITECH to participate in the CLIR track. With our TREC-8 submission  , we are in a position to assess how well our techniques extend to European languages. For CLIR involving more than two languages  , we decompose the task into bilingual retrieval from the source language to the individual target languages  , then merge the retrieval results. While there is little research on using syntactic approaches for resolving translation ambiguity for CLIR  , linguistic structures have been successfully exploited in other applications. This study explores the relationship between the quality of a translation resource and CLIR performance. The upper two figures are for AP88-89 dataset  , and the lower two are for WSJ87-88 dataset. Arabic  , the same retrieval system was also used for monolingual experiments. The TREC-9 collection contains articles published in Hong Kong Commercial Daily  , Hong Kong Daily News  , and Takungpao. As discussed earlier  , direct comparisons with other techniques have been a problem because lexicons in most MT systems are inaccessible. Table 3shows the retrieval results of our CLIR system on TREC5C and TREC9X. Once a list of monolingual results has been retrieved in each collection   , all the lists are merged to produce a multilingual result list. In cultures where people speak both Chinese and English  , using mixed language is a common phenomenon. On English-Chinese CLIR of TREC5 and TREC6  , we obtained 75.55% of monolingual effectiveness using our approach. The main aim of our participation in the cross-language track this year was to try different combinations of various individual cross-language information retrieval CLIR approaches. This is because even though we invested considerable effort  , we were not able to locate an offthe-shelf German Italian machine translation system. shows Kendall's rank correlations with the NTCIR-3 CLIR Chinese data for all pairs of IR metrics considered in this study. We used the English document collection from the NTCIR- 4 1 CLIR task and the associated 50 Chinese training topics. We therefore omitted Model 4 for the English- Chinese pair. The wordlist contains about 145 ,000 entries. Thus  , we both use a Japanese corpus to validate the hypothetical katakana sequences. The co-occurrence technique can also be used to reduce ambiguity of term translations. Similarly to last year  , CLIR track participants were asked to retrieve documents from a multilingual pool containing documents in four different languages. Another advantage of the proposed method is that it can automatically extract the popular sense of the polysemous queries. Nevertheless  , it is arguable that accurate query translation may not be necessary for CLIR. For example  , in 12  , syntactic dependency was exploited for resolving word sense ambiguity. Our experimental results will show that the probabilistic model may achieve comparable performances to the best MT systems. The results we have obtained already showed clearly the feasibility of using Web parallel documents for model training. A CLIR BMIR-J2 collection was constructed by manually translating the Japanese BMIR-J2 requests into English. In previous work on direct word-for-word translation  , Ballesteros and Croft 1 reported CLIR effectiveness 60% below monolingual. Our comparable results for the direct run indicated performance 81% below monolingual. CLIR methods involving machine translation systems  , bilingual dictionaries  , parallel and comparable collections are currently being  explored. Disambiguation strategies are typically employed to reduce translation errors. Thus  , our second measure is average interpolated precision at 0.10 recall. We utilize linguistic Ling  , statistical Stat  , and CLIR features f si of query term si to capture its characteristics from different aspects. CLIR features are the key to learning what characteristics make a term favorable or adverse for translation. Note that the English and Chinese documents are not parallel texts. Realizing what factors determine translation necessity is important. Both tasks use topic models to retrieve similar documents. We distinguish preretrieval and post-retrieval data merging methods. A key resource for many approaches to cross-language information retrieval CLIR is a bilingual dictionary bidict. Query translation research has developed along two broad directions  , typically referred to as " dictionary-based " and " corpus-based " techniques. 2 11 queries with monolingual average precision lower than CLIR. Researchers have used various language pairs Copyright is held by the author/owner. The probabilistic approach will be compared empirically with two popular CLIR techniques  , structural query translation and machine translation MT. Studies that used MT systems for CLIR include Ballesteros and Croft 1998; Oard 1998. WEAVER was used to induce a bilingual lexicon for our approach to CLIR. Its performance is around 85% of monolingual retrieval. Term disambiguation has been a subject of intensive study in CLIR Ballesteros  , 1998. The paper will also offer explanations  , why these methods have positive effects. This has a depressing effect on CLIR performance  , as such expressions are often prime keys in queries. Besides the above phrase translation method  , we also use another two methods in our Chinese-English CLIR system: CEMT-based method and dictionary-based method. These context-sensitive token translation probabilities can then be used in the same way as context-independent probabilities. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file format. Section 3 discusses methods for evaluating the alignments and section 4 shows the application of alignments in a CLIR system. For application in a CLIR system  , pairs from classes 1 through 4 are likely to help for extracting good terms. A technique for translating queries indirectly using parallel corpora has been proposed by Sheridan & Ballerini 19  , 20. In this paper  , we present an approach facing the third scenario. This problem has been addressed in two different ways in the literature. In the provided evaluation   , the gold standard was manually created by the domain experts. This further enrichment of the documents representation permits to increase the effectiveness of the CLIR system. However  , the combined use of the two ontologies is destructive with respect to the use of the sole Organic. Lingua one. Our method of fuzzy text search could be used in any type of CLIR system irrespective of their underlying retrieval models. The former reuses hypergraphs/lattices produced with the MIRA-tuned weights and applies new weights to find an alternative  , CLIR-optimized  , derivation. The user may not be proficient at reading a foreign language  , so could not be expected to look through more than the top retrieved documents. Figure 2: Comparison of CLIR performance on heterogeneous datasets using both short and long queries. In 19  , for example  , an IR-like technique is used to find statistical association between words in two languages. The use of the combined dictionary is motivated by previous studies 9  , 17  , which showed that larger lexicon resource improves CLIR performance significantly. EuroWordNet has a small phrase vocabulary  , which we anticipated would reduce the effectiveness of our CLIR system. Many applications of CLIR rely on large bilingual translation resources for required language pairs. Hence  , this approach bears high potential for CLIR tasks. The problem of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR extends the information retrieval framework by assuming that queries and documents are not in the same language. Particular difficulties exist in languages where there are no clearly defined boundaries between words as is the case with Chinese text. For example  , AbdulJaleel and Larkey describe a transliteration technique 1  that they successfully applied in English- Arabic CLIR. English stop words were removed from the English document collection  , and the Porter stemmer 13  was used to reduce words to stems. Our English-Chinese CLIR experiments used the MG 14 search engine. No statistically significant improvements over the baseline were observed for the fine fax resolution or the standard fax resolution not shown. In section 4  , we describe the use of query expansion techniques. In CLIR  , queries can be expanded prior to translation  , after translation or both before and after translation. 3 9 queries with monolingual Avg. P higher than CLIR. On its own the CLIR approach gives varying results: some topics benefit from the reweighting of important query terms and the expansion with tokens related to the detected biomedical concepts. One Arabic monolingual run and four English-Arabic cross-language runs were submitted. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 11. With the explosion of on-line non-English documents  , crosslanguage information retrieval CLIR systems have become increasingly important in recent years. extracted from parallel sentences in French and English  , the performance of CLIR is improved. We investigate the retrieval ability of our new vector space retrieval model based on bilingual word embeddings by comparing it to the set of standard MoIR and CLIR models. LM-UNI  , which was the best scoring MoIR model  , is now outscored by the other two models which rely on structured semantic representations. For a parallel corpus  , we use Brown et al's statistical machine translation models Brown et al  , 1993 to automatically induce a probabilistic bilingual lexicon. The syn-operator was used in structured CLIR queries; the words of the same facet were combined by the syn-operator. Disambiguation through increasing the weight of relevant search keys is an important way of disambiguation Hull  , 1997. This is made more critical as the number of languages represented in electronic media continues to expand . Combining either of these two expansion methods with query translation augmented by phrasal translation and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance above 90% monolingual. Furthermore  , post-translation expansion is capable of improving CLQS-based CLIR. We first explored the viability of no-translation CLIR on a broader range of disparate language pairs than has been heretofore reported. However  , the accuracy of query translation is not always perfect. NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 CLIR tasks also provide English and Chinese documents  , which are used as the source and target language corpora  , respectively. The coefficient of determination R 2 measures how well future outcomes are likely to be predicted by the statistical models. We use NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 English-Chinese tasks for evaluation and consider both <title> and <desc> fields as queries. It shows that T is influenced by intrinsic ineffectiveness  , semantic recovery by query expansion  , or poor translation quality. Our goal is to assess the UMLS Metathesaurus based CLIR approach within this context. We also show that such dictionaries contribute to CLIR performance . In this study we presented a novel fuzzy translation technique based on automatically generated transformation rules and fuzzy matching. One of them is based on cognates  , for which untranslatable and/or similar terms in case of close languages are used for matching the query. We argue that these variations can be captured by successfully matching training resources to target corpora. This simple scenario is modified in the context of CLIR  , where   , dN } consists of only those documents that are in the same language and script  , i.e. This paper's main contribution is a novel approach to CTIR. Since all of our models require large sets of relevance-ranked training data  , e.g. The evaluation metric is Mean Average Precision MAP. Informal tests " viewing the interaction with a CLIR system available on the Web ARCTOS and machine-translated web pages Google. CLIR is to retrieve documents in one language target language providing queries in another language source language. Although different resources or techniques are used  , all these methods try to generate the best target queries. Only the title and description fields of the topics were used in query formulation. Clearly a need for enhanced resources is felt. We have used it for three popular languages Hindi  , Bengali and Marathi which use Brahmi origin scripts. This is called the ambiguity problem in CLIR. Related work on alignment has been going on in the field of computational linguistics for a number of years. Evaluating document-level alignments can have fundamentally different goals. The full topic statements were used for all runs  , and the evaluation used relevance assessments for 21 queries. Much of the research conducted in this area has focused on supporting more effective cross-language information retrieval CLIR. The knowledge source used in English-Chinese-oriented CLIR system mainly includes dictionary knowledge and Chinese Synonym Dictionary. In addition  , stopword list and word morphological resumption list are also utilized in our system. Ogden and Davis 19 were among the first to study the utility of CLIR systems in interactive settings. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 18. In Section 2  , we describe the various components of CLIR systems  , existing approaches to the OOV problem  , and explain the ideas behind the extensions we have developed. While each of the above phases involve different tech-niques  , they are all inter-related. Table 1provides some statistics of the data. 3 report on CLIR experiments for French and Spanish using the same test collection as we do OHSUMED  , and the UMLS Metathesaurus for query translation  , achieving 71% of baseline for Spanish and 61 % for French. One principled solution to this problem is Pirkola's structured query method 6. This is an encouraging result that shows the approach based on a probabilistic model may perform very well. multi Searcher deals with several CLIR issues. We proposed a context-based CLIR tool  , to support the user  , in having a certain degree of confidence about the translation. We performed one Chinese monolingual retrieval run and three English-Chinese cross-language retrieval runs. A good MT system  , if available  , may perform query translation of reasonable quality for CLIR purposes. We return to the issue of vocabulary coverage later in the paper. An underlying assumption in this approach is that the initial manual translation is accurate  , and that it can be unambiguously translated back to the original Japanese query. We had found that dividing the RSV by the query length helps to normalize scores across topics. Corpus-based approaches are also popular. We employed the query translation approach to CLIR by translating the English queries and retrieve in monolingual Chinese. Overall  , both translations are quite adequate for CLIR. The Natural Language Systems group at IBM participated in three tracks at TREC-8: ad hoc  , SDR and cross-language. Full document translation for large collections is impractical  , thus query translation is a viable alternative. Newly borrowed technical words and foreign proper names are often written in Japanese using a syllabic alphabet called katakana. Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval CLIR addresses the problem of ranking documents whose language differs from the query language. In this section  , we present the results of our CLIR experiments on TREC Chinese corpora. We focused on translation of phrases  , which has been demonstrated to be one of most effective ways to obtain more accurate translations. CLIR experiments in the literature have used multilingual   , document-aligned corpora  , where documents in one language are paired with their translation in the other. We used four graded-relevance data sets from the TREC robust track and the NTCIR CLIR task: some statistics are shown in Table 1. N and R denote the number of judged nonrelevant and relevant documents. Their correct translation therefore is crucial for good performance of machine translation MT and cross-language information retrieval CLIR systems. This can be attributed to the presence of compounds  , which leads to higher rates of OOV compound For patent search in compounding languages  , the CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than for other language pairs 3  , 7 . In this paper  , we propose to use CLQS as an alternative to query translation  , and test its effectiveness in CLIR tasks. This also shows the strong correspondence between the input French queries and English queries in the log. For each English word a precise equivalent was given. As a result  , many nonrelevant documents are ranked high. Levow and Oard  , 1999 studied the impact of lexicon coverage on CLIR performance. In our experiments  , we used SYSTRAN version 3.0 http://www.systransoft.com for query and document translation. Extending this to CLIR is straightforward given a multilingual thesaurus. Selected English Phrases: therapy  , replacement Final English Query: causation  , cancer  , thorax  , estrogens   , therapy  , replacement Since we have follow up refinement steps in our CLIR approach  , we set M  , the number of concepts identified for each query  , to 15. Their concern was evaluated on a whole query  , whereas we think every single term has its own impact on CLIR performance. We denote tj as the corresponding translation of si in target language. As linguistic  , statistical and CLIR features are complementary  , we use all of the features in the following experiments. Based on the pre-trained model  , we'd like to test if we can improve the CLIR performance with 4 different translation strategies. Each strategy generates its own tj given source term si. " Context features are useful for predicting translation quality. In brief sum  , " to-translate-or-not-to-translate " is influenced by various and complicated causes. How to efficiently translate unknown terms in short queries has  , therefore  , become a major challenge for real CLIR systems 4 ,7. This section presents two methods of combining dictionary and spelling evidence in the framework given by Eq. Use of the alignments for CLIR gives excellent results  , proving their value for realworld applications. However  , the degrees of improvement are not similar for all the query sets. CLIR is concerned with the problem of a user formulating a query in one language in order to retrieve documents in several other languages. The proposed CLIR system manages a collection of documents containing multilingual information as well as user queries that may be performed in any language supported by the system. The CLIR system has been evaluated by adopting three different configurations and the results have been compared with the gold standard  , according to the metrics described above. This paper explores flat and hierarchical PBMT systems for query translation in CLIR. The lower similarity between CVMR and CVMF M can be explained by training data Table 3: Test results for combined CLIR models see Table 2. Some dictionary-based and corpus-based methods perform almost as well as monolingual retrieval 7  , 8  , 9. Future research includes collecting more interview data and developing a thesaurus of English terms used in CLIR to enhance traditional or monolingual controlled vocabularies. There are three broad types of CLIR systems: those based on query translation  , those based on document translation  , and those that use some aspects of both 15. Our tests in TREC8 showed that using Web documents to train a probabilistic model is a reasonable approach. We evaluated three multilingual data merging methods to obtain a single ranked list for the purpose of TREC-8 CLIR track submission. In distinction from the earlier TREC-5/6 Chinese corpus  , these sources were written in the traditional Chinese character set and encoded in BIG5. In addition to the specific results reported by each research team  , the evaluation produced the first large Arabic information retrieval test collection. Finding a good monolingual IR method is a prerequisite for CLIR. The MAP were cross-language runs  , not monolingual runs. It can reduce translation error by 45% over automatic translation bringing CLIR performance up from 42% to 68% of monolingual performance. This is still well below a monolingual baseline  , but irnprovedphrasrd translations should help to narrow the gap. This amounts to no sense disambiguation for query words. As indicated in Table 1Figure 1: Comparison of CLIR performance on homogeneous datasets using both short and long queries. The second approach is to project document vectors from one language into another using cross-language information retrieval CLIR techniques. When we embarked on this line of research  , we did not find any publications addressing the area of Cross-Lingual Text Categorization as such. In CLIR  , we need a relevance model for both the source language and the target language. The second can be obtained using either a parallel corpus or a bi-lingual lexicon giving translation probabilities. In CLTC  , for performing translations we shall have to use similar linguistic resources as in CLIR. Since our resources are less than ideal  , should we compensate by implementing pre-and post-expansion ? Finally  , we combined the various transitive runs to determine whether triangulated retrieval is useful in the absence of translation resources. The corpora consisted of comparable news articles in Hindi  , Bengali  , and Marathi collected during 2004 to 2007. Our paired T-test results indicate that our retrieval scores are statistically significant. But combining these sources would presumably improve effectiveness of CTIR  , much as evidence combination has aided CLIR 25. More specifically  , the problem is considered solved if high-quality training resources parallel text  , online dictionaries  , multi-lingual thesauri  , etc. Challenges for domainspecific CLIR  , in particular the problem of distinguishing domainspecific meanings  , have been noted in 12. more likely to be a person or entity vs. medical domain documents more likely to be a chemical. Section 4 discusses our CLIR approaches. Note that all the documents in a typical CLIR setup are assumed to be written in the corresponding native scripts. The commercial versions of the dictionaries were converted automatically to CLIR versions by removing from them all other material except for actual dictionary words. For these reasons  , a special dictionary alleviates the translation polysemy problem  , in which the translation of one source language word to many target language words causes fuzziness in CLIR queries. Future research should concentrate on finding methods by which the performance of CLIR queries could be improved further. Still another method that would be worth studying is data fusion; different translation methods produce different result lists. There are two main scenarios where the user input could be incorporated into the system to enhance multilingual information retrieval: 1. Section 6 compares CLIR performance of our system with monolingual IR performance. We proposed and evaluated a probabilistic CLIR retrieval system. To our knowledge  , this is the first systematic comparison of those models on the task of English to Chinese CLIR on gold test sets. The following three runs were performed in our Chinese to English CLIR experiments: 1. Kraaij 8 showed successful use of the widely used BableFish 6 translation service based on Systran. Without any English OOV terms  , our translated queries achieved 86.7% of the monolingual result. In order to assess the value of what we have done  , we tested the usefulness of the newly derived dictionaries on a medical document collection. They use probabilities derived from the target language corpus to choose one transliteration  , reporting improved CLIR results  , similar to ours. This work evaluated a number of search strategies for the retrieval of Arabic documents  , using the TREC Arabic corpus as the test bed. Example-based method can provide very good translation results but the similarity computation between sentences is quite complex. Hull & Grefenstette 10 demonstrated that the retrieval performance of queries produced using manual phrase translation was significantly better than that of queries produced by simple word-forword  dictionary-based translation. No tools such as part of speech taggers  , stemmers and separate corpora are involved. Though these works have brought significant improvement in translation accuracy  , they eventually tried to translate as many terms as possible  , which we believe is not always an effective approach in CLIR. Particularly  , they incorporate dictionaries   , bilingual corpora  , or the Web to estimate the probability of translation ptj|si  , Qs. Usage of correct translations shall help reveal the necessity of translation. The basic formulae are a straightforward generalization of Darwish's PSQ technique with one important difference: no translation direction is specified. An important reason for this is that there is an implicit query expansion effect during translation because related words/phrases may be added. This indicates that the coverage of the dictionary is still an important problem to be solved to improve the performance of CLIR. We will extensively use this property during the construction of our MoIR and CLIR models. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 6. Besides the well-known Precision and Recall measure  , other metrics are widely used in the IR community. We expect similar improvements on CLIR  , and this will be confirmed by our experiments. This expansion task is very similar to the translation selection in CLIR. This section tries to point out similarities and differences of the presented approach with respect to other statistical IR models presented in the literature. Already  , the current results indicate that an automatically constructed parallel corpus may be a reasonable resource for CLIR. In this paper  , we investigated the possibility of replacing MT with a probabilistic model for CLIR. The numbers in table 1 show that the CLIR approach in general outperforms our baseline. In this paper  , decompounding German words is realized by an approach which has been employed in domain-specific CLIR 2. The decompounding is based on selecting the decomposition with the smallest number of words and the highest decomposition probability . 2 It is helpful for CLIR since it can extract semantically relevant queries in target language. One advantage of the proposed method is that it can extract relevant translations to benefit CLIR. Typically  , queries are translated either using a bilingual dictionary 22  , a machine translation software 9 or a parallel corpus 20. Even if this point of view is not original  , neither for IR 1 nor for CLIR Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. We sought to answer three questions: 1 what is the best that can be done using freely available resources; 2 how w ell does Pirkola's method for accommodating multiple candidate translations work on the TREC CLIR collection; and 3 would building a single index be more eeective than building separate indices for each language ? McCarley 28 trained a statistical MT system from a parallel corpus  , applied it to perform QT and DT  , and showed that the combination of scores from QT and DT drastically improved either method alone. Other specific works on CLIR within the multilingual semantic web may be found in 17 and 18   , while a complete overview of the ongoing research on CLIR is available at the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum CLEF 3   , one of the major references concerning the evaluation of multilingual information access systems. The assumption behind such mechanism is that queries are consistently used in one language. Only Translations: query terms are translated into the reference language used for retrieving documents. Since the evaluation of the Organic . Lingua CLIR system is based on the methodology introduced by CLEF 21 ,22  , the same metrics will be used for evaluating the described system. The question of how well the findings apply to a range of different collections remains open; however  , the fact that AP and SDA are quite dissimilar gives hope that a lot of data can be aligned. Translation polysemy is a phenomenon   , in which the number of word senses increases when a source language word is translated to a target language by replacing it with all of its target language equivalents. Ballesteros and Croft 1997 studied the effect of corpus-based query expansion on CLIR performance  , and found that expansion helped to counteract the negative effects of translation failures. Thus  , in unstructured CLIR queries unimportant search keys and irrelevant translation equivalents tend to dominate and depress the effect of important keys. Note how the term o~feoporosis has relatively more weight in the structured queries. Through our experiments  , we showed that each of the above methods leads to some improvement  , and that the combined approach significantly improves CLIR performance. In other words  , given the rank order produced through the use of one translation  , what would be the effect of treating the other word as part of the same cluster ? Thus  , a monolingual retrieval engine does not need to be altered after translating queries into the target language. where f w ,k ∈ R denotes the score for the k-th inter-lingual feature associated with w within the dim-dimensional shared inter-lingual embedding space. For EN→DE  , MAP is even slightly higher  , due to hyphenated compounds in the German translation of recovered topics  , i.e. To investigate the scientific knowledge inherent in patent retrieval  , we also used the NTCIR-3 CLIR test collection consisting of two years of newspaper articles  , and compared the results obtained with different genres of documents. Finally  , CLIR can be achieved by using the described document placement methods to place documents of different languages in the same map. While languages like Chinese and Japanese use multiple scripts 24  , they may not illustrate the true complexity of the MSIR scenario envisaged here because there are standard rules and preferences for script usage and well defined spellings rules. 10 used CLIR followed by MT to find domain-specific articles in a resource-rich language  , in order to use them for language modeling in a resource-poor language. This calculation results in a matrix of term-term associations  , which we use for query translation in the same manner as the matrix of translation probabilities in WM1. In this paper  , we return to first principles to derive an approach to CLIR that is motivated by cross-language meaning matching. For example  , to find documentlangauge synonyms  , we computed: Because statistical wordto-word translation models were available for use in our CLIR experiments  , we elected to find candidate synonyms by looking for words in the same language that were linked by a common translation. Model 4 seeks to achieve better alignments by modeling systematic position variations; that is an expensive step not commonly done for CLIR experiments . Figure 3shows the MAP of the top five official monolingual French runs from CLEF 2001. In addition  , the baseline PSQ technique exhibited the same decline in MAP near the tail of the translation probability distribution i.e. The latter finding suggests the necessity of combining bidirectional translation with synonymy knowledge. For the experiments reported below  , a greedy method was used  , with replacements retained in order of decreasing probability until a preset threshold on the cumulative probability was first exceeded. Even with a higher baseline of monolingual with expansion  , combining the CO method with expansion can still yield up to 88% of monolingual performance . Cross language information retrieval CLIR is often based on using a bilingual translation dictionary to translate queries from a source language to the target language in which the documents to be retrieved are written e.g. These solutions  , and others  , such as considering CLIR as spell- correction 2  , will all work reasonably well if the two languages in question are linguistically historically related and possess many cognates. We have been experimenting with a method for automatically creating candidate Japanese transliterated versions of English words. Our baseline bilingual CLIR lexicon is based on EDICT 4   , a widely used Japanese-to-English wordlist that contains a list of Japanese words and their English translations. However the issue is more difficult in Chinese as many characters have the same sound  , and many English syllables do not have equivalent sounds in Chinese  , meaning that selecting the correct characters to represent a transliterated word can be problematic. As shown in Table 2  , the extracted top translations are closely related to the source query  , even though sometimes they are not the translation equivalent of the source query. Therefore  , if a candidate for CLQS appears often in the query log  , then it is more likely the appropriate one to be suggested. Despite the various types of resources used  , out-of-vocabulary OOV words and translation disambiguation are the two major bottlenecks for CLIR 20. To overcome this knowledge bottleneck  , web mining has been exploited in 7  , 27  to acquire English- Chinese term translations based on the observation that Chinese terms may co-occur with their English translations in the same web page. The improvement on TREC French to English CLIR task by using CLQS demonstrates the high quality of the suggested queries. This  , however  , does not compromise our results since our experiments are aimed at comparing the performance of two different CLIR methods and not at comparing different search engine architectures. Moreover  , the search engine we employ is more in line with current clinical and Web retrieval engines and the requirements they have to fulfill. Various translation methodologies such as phrasal translation or sense disambiguation have brought significant improvements in CLIR. Translations with non-negative LRT D are regarded having good translation quality  , as they perform as well as or better than correct translation in the benchmarks. Documents of a comparable collection may be aligned at the document  , sentence or even word level. As reported in 24  , another interesting angle in the CLIR track is the approach taken by Cornell University wherein they exploit the fact that there are many similar looking words between French and English   , i.e. On the CLIR task  , due to the nature of the evaluation metric  , the computation time for MAP  , DO and HSA  , while being different for each metric  , is equal across the different model configurations. The issue of CLIR has also been explored in the cultural heritage domain. The question answering task in the interactive track of the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum iCLEF is an example of that more comprehensive perspective 8 . Our work involved two aspects: Finding good methods for Chinese IR  , and finding effective translation means between English and Chinese. We reused the same corpus-based methods that we utilized last year with considerable success  , while experimenting with using a number of off-the-shelf machine translation products.  The Salmone Arabic-to-English dictionary  , which was made available for use in the TREC-CLIR track by Tufts University. The first experiment CLARITdmwf used preretrieval data merging  , i.e. The goal of the track is to facilitate research on systems that are able to retrieve relevant documents regardless of the language a document happens to be written in. There was some concern over the test collection built in the TREC 2001 CLIR track in that the judgment pools were not as complete as they ideally would be. This presents a number of challenges  , primarily the problem of translation. Ballesteros 3 researched a transitive scheme and techniques to overcome word ambiguity. The availability of test collection and translation resources was the overriding factor determining our choice of languages. Examination of it suggested that the best choice of query language was German  , as its vocabulary coverage in EuroWordNet was reasonable. Thus  , the collection used for this investigation was the English corpus from the TREC8 CLIR Track and the 28 German and English queries from the same track for which relevance judgements are available. In this paper  , we investigate several approaches to translate an IR query into a different language. However  , when a query is truly ambiguous and multiple possible translations need to be considered  , a translation based CLIR approach can perform poorly. Because of the first point  , the rarity of electronic sources for translation  , investigators may be drawn to use the resources most readily available to them  , rather than those best suited for bilingual retrieval. In order to differentiate the source language from the target language  , a superscript s is used for any variable related to the source language and a superscript t is used for any variable related to the target language. All three were formed from the UN parallel corpus and the Buckwalter lexicon using the same procedure described in Section 3. Although their impact on CLIR performance is small  , spelling normalization and stemming are still useful because they reduce the need for memory because there are fewer entries in the lexicon and they improve the retrieval speed by simplifying the score computation. In CEMT-based method  , we use a CEMT system named TransEasy 4 to translate the queries into English. We use a probabilistic cross-lingual retrieval system  , whose theoretical basis is probabilistic generation of a query in one language from a document in another. For TREC-9  , the CLIR task used Chinese documents from Hong Kong. Once we had a dictionary in a suitable format  , we used it with our existing Dictionary-based Query Translation DQT routines to translate the query from English into the language of one of the four language-speciic CLIR subcollections no translation was needed for the English subcollection. The first three of them are automatic query translation run  , using our word segmentation approach for indexing  , while the monolingual run we submit uses n-gram based segmentation. As an alternative  , we also explored three ways of incorporating translation probabilities directly into the formulae: 1. Experimental evaluation of the CLIR model were performed on the Italian-to-English bilingual track data used in the CLEF 2000 C0 and CLEF 2001 C1 evaluations. In order to create broadly useful systems that are computationally tractable  , it is common in information retrieval generally  , and in CLIR in particular  , to treat terms independently . The key insight between what we call meaning matching is to apply that same perspective directly to CLIR. Figure 4 shows the relative English-French CLIR effectiveness as compared to the monolingual French baseline. However  , in both cases  , the best DAMM was statistically indistinguishable from the best IMM. There are other variants of cross-language meaning matching  , depending on translation in which direction is used and synonymy knowledge in which language is used. But for unrelated languages  , such as English and Japanese  , a word missing from the dictionary has little chance of matching any pertinent string in the other language text. Despite promising experimental results with each of these approaches   , the main hurdle to improved CLIR effectiveness is resolving ambiguity associated with translation. However  , CLIR is a difficult problem to solve on the basis of MT alone: queries that users typically enter into a retrieval system are rarely complete sentences and provide little context for sense disambiguation. In particular  , if the user intends to perform CLIR  , then original query is even more likely to have its correspondent included in the target language query log. Our experiments showed that the decaying co-occurrence model performs better than the standard co-occurrence model  , and brings significant improvements over the simple dictionary approaches in CLIR. The translation resource was EuroWordNet  , a multilingual thesaurus consisting of WordNets for various European languages including those used in TREC CLIR queries 20. However  , the relatively poor performance of the translation component of our test CLIR system was not a major concern to us  , as it remained a constant throughout our experiments. Such a study will help identify good candidate pivot languages. When compared with previous results we see that Spanish CLIR using the Metathesaurus for query translation is on the high end of the performance range of 50- 75% of baseline scores observed with approaches based on dictionaries with or without information extracted from corpora 12  , 3  , 7  , 14. Yet 10  focused merely on evaluating the performance of a whole query and did not give insight into the effect of translation for each query term. The focus of previous works1  , 4 did key-term selection in the mono-lingual environment; however  , our discovery of various causes such as pre-and post-translation query expansion would influence the preference of translation in CLIR. Finally   , a larger R 2 can be achieved by including more features for training. InQuery's synonym operator was originally designed to support monolingual thesaurus expansion  , so it estimates TF and DF as follows 11 Pirkola appears to have been the first to try separately estimating TF and DF for query terms in a CLIR application 13  , using the InQuery synonym operator to implement what he called " structured queries. " In general  , language modeling approaches to retrieval rely on collection frequency CF in place of DF: Corpus-based approaches to CLIR have generally developed within a framework based on language modeling rather than vector space models  , at least in part because modern statistical translation frameworks offer a natural way of integrating translation and language models 19. Inclusion of rare translations in a CLIR application was shown to be problematic for all three methods  , however. Use of only the most likely of those translations turned out to be an effective expedient  , but only when an appropriate threshold on cumulative probability was selected. The combination of our approach with the MT system leads to a high effectiveness of 105% of that of monolingual IR. Experience has shown that several factors make it hard to obtain statistically significant results in CLIR evaluations . The goal of cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR is to find documents in one language for queries in another language. Therefore  , we cannot draw a firm conclusion about the retrieval advantage of probabilistic CLIR without further study. Figure  1shows the results. For retrieving newspaper articles  , we used <DESCRIPTION> and a combination of <DESCRIPTION> and <NARRATIVE>  , extracted from all 42 topics in the NTCIR-3 CLIR collection. While NEs have been worked on extensively in IR and CLIR  , transliterated queries where the text  , in addition to NE  , is represented in the script of another language  , typically English  , have not received adequate attention. Experiments on the TREC-5/6 English-Chinese CLIR task show that our new approach yields promising although not statistically significant improvements over that baseline. In future work we plan to try this approach for document translation where we would expect greater benefit from context  , although with higher computational cost  , at least in experimental settings. This task is similar to cross-language information retrieval CLIR  , and so we will refer to it as cross-temporal retrieval CTIR. On the other hand  , there is a rich literature addressing the related problem of Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval CLIR. Two approaches can be distinguished: 1. translation-based systems either translate queries into the document language or languages  , or they translate documents into the query language 2. In this case  , the alignments help overcome the problem of different RSV scales. Results for the strategies just described on the TREC-6 CLIR collection are presented in the following: Figure 2shows a comparison of using alignments alone  , using a dictionary pseudo-translation and then using both methods combined  , i.e. doing initial retrieval using a dictionary translation  , and then improving this translation using the alignments  , as outlined above. Some caution is appropriate with regard to the scope of the conclusions because this was the first year with a CLIR task at the TREC conference  , and the size of the query set was rather small. Cross-language retrieval supports the users of multilingual document collections by allowing them to submit queries in one language  , and retrieve documents in any of the languages covered by the retrieval system. Several studies recognized that the problem of translating OOV has a significant impact on the performance of CLIR systems 8 ,9. In the following subsections  , we will present the results obtained with the different configurations adopter for evaluating the proposed CLIR system. Indeed  , in all experiments performed on our document collection  , the usage sole or combined of the two described ontologies outperformed our baseline. The implemented approach has been applied to a document collection built in the context of the Organic. Lingua EU-funded project where documents are domain-specific and where they have been annotated with concepts coming from domain-specific ontologies. We opt for ADD-BASIC as the composition model unless noted otherwise. This provides ground truth to evaluate the effectiveness of the two translation approaches discussed above: machine translation in this case  , we used Google Translate 1  and direct vector projection using the CLIR approach. Thus  , the collections in two languages are converted into a single collection of document vectors in the target language . Thus  , the computation cost of the maximum coherence model is modest for real CLIR practice  , if not overestimated. Intrinsic to the problem is a need to transform the query  , document  , or both  , into a common terminological representation  , using available translation resources. The effectiveness of both corpus and dictionary-based resources was artificially lowered by randomly translating different proportions of query terms  , simulating variability in the coverage of resources. Since the main purpose of these experiments was to examine if the proposed approach can help conventional approaches for CLIR  , we simply used some basic techniques of query expansion and phrase translation in our experiments. The task of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR addresses a situation when a query is posed in one language but the system is expected to return the documents written in another language. The goals of our fellowship are to raise awareness of the need for proper data management and preservation as well as to promote data curation as a professional activity. For CLIR  , the requirements are much less: It only requires the model to provide a list of the most probable translation words without taking into account syntactic aspects. The CLIR experiments on TREC collections show that the decaying co-occurrence method performs better than the basic cooccurrence method  , and the triple translation model brings additional improvements. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 provides a brief description on the related work. As the problem of translation selection in CLIR is similar to this expansion task  , we can expect a similar effect with the decaying factor. Using pivots doubles the number of translations performed in a CLIR system  , therefore  , increasing the likelihood of translation error  , caused mainly by incorrect identification of the senses of ambiguous words. In this paper we describe English-Japanese CLIR experiments using the standard BMIR-J2 Japanese text collection 4. Our approach to CLIR takes advantage of machine translation MT to prepare a source-language query for use in a target-language retrieval task. The success of dictionary-based CLIR depends on the coverage of the dictionary  , tools for conflating morphological variants  , phrase and proper name recognition  , as well as word sense disam- biguation 13 . We consider automatic lexicon acquisition techniques to be a key issue for any sort of dictionary-based efforts in IR  , CLIR in particular . In this paper we present a system for cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR working over the multilingual corpora of European Legislation Acquis Communautaire 1. For what concerns the query-document model  , this is often referred to as language model approach and has been already applied for monolingual IR see the extensive review in 19 and CLIR 5. Our CLIR experiments used the Lucy search engine developed by the Search Engine Group 5 at RMIT University. These terms may help focus on the query topic and bring more translated terms that together are useful for disambiguating the translation. These problems explain why CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than the monolingual runs  , even with the best translation tools of the world. On the other hand  , if we compare the probabilistic translation models with other translations means in particular  , with MT systems  , their performances are very close Nie99. We hope  , however  , that this will encourage these people to participate in the future  , thus increasing the size of the pool. These interfaces provide query translation from the source language into the target languages using bilingual dictionaries . The document collection used in the TREC-2001 CLIR track consisted of 383 ,872 newswire stories that appeared on the Agence France Press AFP Arabic Newswire between 1994 and 2000. The documents were represented in Unicode and encoded in UTF-8  , resulting in a 896 MB collection. The TREC-2001 CLIR track focussed this year on searching Arabic documents using English  , French or Arabic queries. Cross-language Information Retrieval CLIR is the task of finding documents that are written in one language e.g. 2Sakhr's Arabic/English CLIR system is one example an automated technique for converting an unstructured term-to-term translation dictionary into a structured dictionary. It is intuitive that the LM-UNI model will lead to much better results in the monolingual setting  , as the amount of shared words between different languages is typically very limited  , and therefore other representations for CLIR are sought 41 see next. Each of the approaches has shown promise  , but also has disadvantages associated with it. Automatic dictionarytranslationsareattractivebecause they are cost effective and easy to perform  , resources are ily available  , and performance is similar to that of other CLIR methods. Table 13shows the performance of each method as measured by average precision and percentage of monolingual performance  , LCA  , which typically expands queries with muki-term phrases  , is more sensitive to translation effects when pm-translation expansion is performed. Usually it is simpler and more efficient to translate queries than to translate documents because queries are generally much shorter than documents. We shall demonstrate that linguistic units such as NP and dependency triples are beneficial to query translation if they can be detected and used properly. This is consistent with the observations on general reasoning: when more information is available and is used in reasoning  , we usually obtain better results. A comparison between the two approaches will show the advantages and disadvantages of using probabilistic term translation for CLIR. The results show that dialect similarity can also affect retrieval performance. The major difference between MT-based CLIR and our approach is that the former uses one translation per term and the latter uses multiple translations. Therefore in the University of Tampere we have adopted the dictionary-based method for our CLIR studies. The results presented in this paper show that MRD-based CLIR queries perform almost as well as monolingual queries  , if domain specific MRD is used together with general MRD and queries are structured on the basis of the output of dictionaries . It is possible to address automatically the domain specific terms of queries to the correct dictionaries  , because different domains have different terminologies. Therefore  , as the study attacked the translation polysemy and the dictionary coverage problems  , the results are applicable to most languages  , even though phrases can lower the relative performance of CLIR in some languages. So they may help improve CLIR by leveraging the relevant queries frequently used by users. Moreover  , it can extract semantically relevant query translations to benefit CLIR. We are interested in realizing: whether this nice characteristic makes it possible for the bilingual translations of a large number of unknown query terms to be automatically extracted; and whether the extracted bilingual translations if any can effectively improve CLIR performance. The proposed approach was found to be effective in extracting correct translations of unknown query terms contained in the NTCIR-2 title queries and real-world Web queries. A model-based approach usually utilizes the existing statistical machine translation models that were developed by the IBM group 3. Our empirical study with documents from ImageCLEF has shown that this approach is more effective than the translation-based approach that directly applies the online translation system to translate queries. Figure 1shows that if one of the query terms is not translated x-axis  , how the corresponding AP y-axis changes using the correct translations of the rest of terms as a query. Statistical features consistently achieve better R 2 than CLIR features  , which are followed by linguistic features R 2 of linguistic features is the same across different corpora since such properties remain still despite change of languages. For a non-OOV term  , we show that if there exists an effective translation in dictionaries  , it is suggested that translating si would help CLIR performance. Groups such as ETH 15  , and a collaboration between the University of Colorado  , Duke University and Microsoft 21 investigated corpus based methods. Combining the UMLS Metathesaurus with a MEDLINE test database enables an empirical investigation of a high quality multilingual thesaurus as a resource for free-text based CLIR using two broad approaches: document translation and query translation. As anticipated  , performance is still behind dictionary independent methods using parallel corpora lo. We first showcase DO and HSA on two document similarity tasks: prior-art patent search 10 and the cross-language IR CLIR task of finding document translations 4. On the patent retrieval task  , following the experimental setup of 10  , model performance was evaluated using MAP computed over 372 queries and a test collection of 70k patents. However  , specific non-dictionary nouns and proper names often supply key evidence on the relevance of documents with respect to a query. In this case  , the distribution figures suggest that the TRT based fuzzy translation technique is viable in operational CLIR systems  , the noise being acceptable. A novel method for CLIR which exploits the structural similarity among MDS-based monolingual projections of a multilingual collection was proposed. In terms of computation  , the two methods are equally efficient since the joint and marginal probabilities used in computing PMI can be easily derived from the counts of A  , B  , C and D defined in 4.2. Another thread of research has focused on translating multiword expressions in order to deal with ambiguity 2  , 28. For example  , the industry standard leverages state-of-theart statistical machine translation SMT to translate the query into the target language  , in which standard retrieval is performed 4 . Various publications have investigated different methods of system combination for CLIR  , including logical operations on retrieved sets 3   , voting procedures based on retrieval scores 1  , or machine learning techniques that learn combination weights directly from relevance rankings 14. We evaluated our approach on the English-Chinese CLIR task of TREC-5/6: although we did not observe significant improvements  , we feel that this approach is nevertheless promising. Current methods of solving this problem have difficulty in tuning parameters and handling terms that are not registered in a dictionary  , when applied to large-scale and/or distributed digital libraries. Cross-language information retrieval CLIR has emerged as an important research area since the amount of multilingual web resources is increasing rapidly. Such records are also found in the Mainichi newspaper collection but they are excluded from the NTCIR-3 CLIR-J-J evaluation. Despite such biases  , the MEDLINE collection seems to close to the Japanese newspaper collections see Table  5 rather than the Patent collections. The discussed approach uses domain-specific ontologies for increasing the effectiveness of already-available machine translation services like Microsoft Bing 1 and Google Translate 2  by expanding the queries with concepts coming from the ontologies. In this paper we consider a specific bi-language DL—the Niupepa 1 collection—and examine how the default language setting of the DL interface affects usage. Results and performances of different models and combinations are described in The proposed two-stages model using comparable corpora '4' showed a better improvement in average precision compared to '3'  , the simple model one stage and approached the performance of the dictionary-based model '2' with 79.02%. Because statistical wordto-word translation models were available for use in our CLIR experiments  , we elected to find candidate synonyms by looking for words in the same language that were linked by a common translation. The importance of the technique and the study lies in it introduces a novel and effective way of using statistical translation knowledge for searching information across language boundaries. Based on the above consideration  , we apply example-based query phrase translation in our Chinese-English CLIR system  , and the experiments achieve good results. Regarding translation resources for CLIR  , we believe that two points are widely agreed upon:  resources are scarce and difficult to use; and  resources with greater lexical coverage are preferable. Ballesteros and Croft explored query expansion methods for CLIR and reported " combining pre-and post-translation expansion is most effective and improves precision and recall. " Their results showed that the effectiveness of cross-language retrieval was almost the same as that of monolingual retrieval. They found that posttranslation query expansion  , i.e. Our CLIR method uses an off-the-shelf IR system for indexing and retrieving the documents. This makes the results directly comparable to the ones reported by participants of the TREC-6 CLIR task. A variety of research has also examined the multilingual mapping of different knowledge organization systems such as thesauri or subject headings in order to support CLIR in multilingual library collections. In TREC-9  , Microsoft Research China MSRCN  , together with Prof. Jian-Yun Nie from University of Montreal  , participated for the first time in the English- Chinese Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR track. In section 3  , we describe in detail the proposed method --improved lexicon-based query term translation  , and compare with the method using a machine translation MT system in CLIR. For the Cross-Lingual Arabic Information retrieval  , our automatic effort concentrated on the two categories; English-Arabic Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR and monolingual information retrieval. We plan to use 50 new topics in the same languages and to ask participating teams to also rerun the 25 topics from this year with their improved systems as a way of further enriching the existing pools of documents that have been judged for relevance. While the libraries are focusing on the customization of existing tools  , such as the The CLIR/DLF fellow at Indiana University has been placed within the D2I Center as a liaison to the libraries. One of the projects that build upon the library-D2I partnership is the NSFfunded DataNet project  , called Sustainable Environment- Actionable Data SEAD. We have looked in detail at the OOV problem as it applies to Chinese-English and English-Chinese CLIR. The tracks consist of 33 and 47 topics  , respectively  , which are provided both in extended Title+Description+Narrative and synthetic Title+Description forms. We implemented this by starting with the most likely translation and adding additional translations in order of decreasing probability until the cumulative probability of the selected translations reached a preset threshold that was determined through experimentation using the TREC-2001 CLIR collection. Last year  , in TREC7  , we compared three possible approaches to CLIR for French and English  , namely  , the approach based on a bilingual dictionary  , the approach based on a machine translation MT system  , and the approach based on a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts. We adopted MT-based query translation as our way of bridging the language gap between the source language SL and the target language TL. Using these measures  , PRF appears beneficial in most CLIR experiments  , as using PRF seems to consistently produce higher average precision than baseline systems. In this paper  , we will describe the construction of a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts and its use in CLIR. For this  , a parallel corpus of lower quality still can provide reasonably good query translations. This paper proposed two statistical models for dealing with the problem of query translation ambiguity. Our work strongly suggests that a lexical triangulation approach to transitive translation can have a beneficial effect on retrieval. A non-technical issue of use of pivots that must be examined is a study of existing translation resources to determine the range of resources available to researchers and users of CLIR systems. Our results suggest that FMT can perform substantially better than DTL methods and is generally robust to a lack of linguistic structure in queries. Pirkola appears to have been the first to try separately estimating TF and DF for query terms in a CLIR application 13  , using the InQuery synonym operator to implement what he called " structured queries. " The paper then concludes with some notes on limitations of the new techniques and opportunities for future work on this problem. Two teams from the University of Massachusetts 9 and the University of Maryland 2 tried variants of this approach for Text Retrieval Conference's CLIR track in 2002. Therefore  , as with CLIR  , WTF/DF is clearly the preferred technique in this application. C3 We construct a novel unified framework for ad-hoc monolingual MoIR and cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR which relies on the induced word embeddings and constructed query and document embeddings. end  , we rely on two key modeling assumptions: 1 We treat documents and queries as bags of words and do not impose any syntactic information to the document structure. In summary  , we have created a unified framework for MoIR and CLIR which relies solely on word embeddings induced in an unsupervised fashion from document-aligned comparable data. We address this problem by discriminative training techniques which are widely used in the SMT community  , and use automatically constructed relevance judgments from linked data. The main problems observed are: 1 the dictionary may have a poor coverage; and 2 it is difficult to select the correct translation of a word among all the translations provided by the dictionary. We first carried out a set of preliminary experiments to investigate the impact of lexicon sources  , phrase  , and ambiguity on query translation. The bad effectiveness in these cases is not due to translation  , but to the high difficulty of query topics. One common approach  , known as "query translation ," is to translate each query term and then perform monolingnal retrieval in the language of the document 11. The aim of cross-language information retrieval CLIR is to use a query in one language to search a corpus in a different language. To understand the fingerprinting analogy  , imagine the documents of one language stacked on a pile  , next to a pile that has the translations in the same order as the original. Suppose we are interested in using the projections of figure 1 for performing CLIR of new documents  , any of the three monolingual maps can be actually used for the retrieval task. Although MSIR has attained very little attention explicitly   , many tangentially related problems like CLIR and transliteration for IR do discuss some of the issues of MSIR. The results show that this new " translation " method is more effective than the traditional query translation method. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 introduces the related work; Section 3 describes in detail the discriminative model for estimating cross-lingual query similarity; Section 4 presents a new CLIR approach using cross-lingual query suggestion as a bridge across language boundaries. The new CLIR performance in terms of average precision is shown in Table 3. Hence  , replacement selection creates only half as many runs as Quicksort . When using quicksort  , adjustments can only be done when a run has been finished and output.   , for which the quicksort computation requires a number of steps proportional to n 2   , highlighting the worst-case On 2  complexity of quicksort. Either Quicksort or List/Merge should be used. Quicksort therefore has a much shorter split phase than rep1 1  , which more than offsets the longer merge phase that results from the larger number of runs that Quicksort generates . Similar observations about the relative trade-offs between Quicksort and rep1 1 were made in Grae90  , DeWi911. In any modern functional language a similar definition of quicksort can be given by the use of let-expressions with patterns. it works for any unordered data structure. Then the sorted relations are merged and the matching tuples are output. Modifying and debugging BSD quicksort is nontrivial. two common in-memory sorting methods that are used for the split phase. This could significantly shorten the merge phase that follows . sorting is usually not carried out on the actual tuples. quicksort. For many applications  , building the bounding representation can be performed as a precomputation step. We believe the advantages that the PREDATOR quicksort demonstrates over the B SD quicksort are: q The PREDATOR version is generic  , i.e. Besides consistently producing response times that are at least as fast as Quicksort  , replacement selection with block writes also makes external sorts more responsive  , compared to Quicksort  , in releasing memory when required to do so. Since our technique tests the computational complexity of a program unit  , we call it a technique for computational complexity testing  , or simply complexity testing. With Quicksort  , there is a cycle of reading several pages from the source relation  , sorting them  , and then writing them to disk. Overall  , our results indicate that the combination of dynamic splitting and replacement selection with block writes enables external sorts to deal effectively with memory fluctuations. The <version definition > describes the versions a building block A belongs to. The five sorts are: Straight insertion  , Quicksort  , Heapsort  , List/Merge sort and Distribution Counting sort. We note that in our setting  , we do not ask directly for rankings because the increased complexity in the task both increases noise in response and interferes with the fast-paced excitement of the game. This choice of segmentation is particularly appropriate because quicksort frequently swaps data records. For the run formation phase  , they considered quicksort and replacement selection. Generating Test Cases Based on the Input. As a first example consider the subsequent obvious specification of quicksort with conditional equations. When using replacement selection   , memory adjustments can be done by expanding orshrinking the selection heap. In going from input to output we use a simple bucket sort  , while in going from output to input we use a technique structurally similar to Quicksort. The termination of the above definition of quicksort can be verified using termination proof methods based on simplification orderings. CEC supports two such methods  , polynomial interpretations and recursive path decomposition orderings. Our branch policy requires that  , whenever feasible   , each element must be less than the pivot when compared . In a segmented implementation  , a record swap operation translates to a pointer swap operation whose time cost is independent of record size. We studied Quicksort and replacemcnt sclcction. The second was a segmented record data structure: the primary segment simply contains a pointer to the secondary segmen~ which contains the data fields. Sorting was performed in-place on pointers to tuples using quicksort Hoa62. In the example  , if we had defined the nonreflexive " less than " -relation < on integers and passed this to quicksort  , the violation of the reflexivity constraint for =< in totalorder would have been indicated immediately: After renaming =< into < and the sort elem into int the specification of quicksort as given in example 2.3 combined with the above specification is inconsistent because the two axioms n < 0 = false and el < el = true imply false = 0 < 0 = true which is an equation between two constructor terms. This inconsistency will be encount ,ercd during complet.ion. Let-expressions with patterns are a specific form of conditional equations with extra variables which the CEC-system is able to support efficiently. Subsequent iterations operate on the cached data  , causing no additional cache misses. Discrete transitions are generally used when trying to convey an intuition about the overall behavior of a program in a context where the changes can be easily grasped; BALSAS visualization of the QuickSort  , in which each discrete change shows the results after each partitioning step  , may be cited as an example. All subsequent passes of external sort are merge passes. Although in the existing literature BUC-based methods have been shown to degrade in high skew values  , we have confirmed the remark of others 2 that using CountingSort instead of QuickSort for tuple sorting is very helpful. Moreover note that in low Z values the cube is sparse  , which generates many TTs decreasing the size of CURE and BU-BST. The constant 1.2 is the proportionality constant for a well engineered implementation of the quicksort. Qrtickvort and replacement selection are two in-memory sorting methods that arc commonly used in external sorts. Whether the original replacement selection  , Quicksort  , or replacement selection with block writes is preferable depends not only on the hardware characteristics of the system  , but also on memory allocation and the size of the relation to be sorted. 'l%c second sorting method  , replacement selection  , works as li~llows: Pages of the source relation are fetched  , and the tuples in these pages arc copied into an ordered heap data structure. Although replacement selection can shorten the merge phase  , it is not always preferable to Quicksort because replacement s&&on can also lead to a longer split phase Grae90  , DeWi911. We will use the attributes to ensure that the output string is of a given length and that the elements are sorted. Our method bears a structural similarity.to Quicksort  , the output string being represented by the context-free grammar: 1. sort_output ::= empty I sort_output "element" sort_output. When there are many tuples in memory  , this may result in considerable delays. The performance results for the two in-memory sorting methods  , Quicksort quick and replacement selection with block writes repl6. The method however relies on a recursive partitioning of the data set into two as it is known from Quicksort. The step in the L2 misses-curve depicts the effect of caching on repeated sequential access: Tables that fit into the cache have to be loaded only once during the top-level iteration of quicksort . In contrast  , Quicksort writes out an entire run each time  , thus producing considerably fewer random I/OS. By writing multiple pages instead of only a single page each time as in repf I  , rep1 6 is able to sigtificantly reduce tbe number of disk seeks in replacement selection  , bringing the duration of its split phase much closer to that of quick. The only exceptions occur when quick is used in conjunction with susp  , which produces the worst response times. Compared with On in absolute judgment  , this is still not affordable for assessors. Continuous transitions are preferable to illustrate small steps and when the nature of the state change must be explained to the viewer. Traditional expectation-based parsers rely heavily on slot restrictions-rules about what semantic classes of words or concepts can fill particular slots in the case frames. Compared with QuickSort strategy adopted by Nir Ailon 1 for preference judgment  , our top-k labeling strategy significantly reduces the complexity from On log n to On log k  , where usually k n. The judgment complexity of our strategy is nearly comparable with that of the absolute judgment i.e. For instance  , if ADRENAL were seeking documents in response to the example query on Quicksort see Section 2.1 a sentence containing the words "statistical" and "divide" would be an excellent choice for parsing  , to distinguish good matches like "..the statistical properties of techniques that divide a problem into smaller.." from bad matches  , such as "..we divide up AI learning methods into three classes: statistical ,..". LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection  , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. The two are related quantities with different focuses. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. Whereas LIF well supported recall  , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin  , particularly in terms of purity  , precision  , and rand index. The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . LIF  , on the other hand  , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . The other methods such as LIF and LIB*TF emphasize term frequency in each document and  , with the ability to associate one document to another by assigning term weights in a less discriminative manner  , were able to achieve better recalls. In light of TF*IDF  , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. In each set of experiments presented here  , best scores in each metric are highlighted in bold whereas italic values are those better than TF*IDF baseline scores. We derive two basic quanti-ties  , namely LI Binary LIB and LI Frequency LIF  , which can be used separately or combined to represent documents. The main result is that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropybased LSH methods to achieve various search quality levels and it is more time efficient than the entropy-based LSH method. The entropy-based LSH method is likely to probe previously visited buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method always visits new buckets. The results show that the multi-probe LSH method is significantly more space efficient than the basic LSH method. This section provides a brief overview of LSH functions  , the basic LSH indexing method and a recently proposed entropy-based LSH indexing method. Table 2 shows the average results of the basic LSH  , entropybased LSH and multi-probe LSH methods using 100 random queries with the image dataset and the audio dataset. To achieve over 0.9 recall  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 while achieving similar time efficiencies. The space efficiency implication is dramatic. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features  , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. We have experimented with different number of hash tables L for all three LSH methods and different number of probes T i.e. The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. Our experimental results show that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropy-based LSH methods to achieve desired search accuracy and query time. It also shows that the multi-probe method is better than the entropy-based LSH method by a significant factor. It shows that for most recall values  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the basic LSH method by an order of magnitude. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space  , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. In all cases  , the multi-probe LSH method has similar query time to the basic LSH method. In comparison with the entropy-based LSH method  , multi-probe LSH reduces the space requirement by a factor of 5 to 8 and uses less query time  , while achieving the same search quality. To compare the two approaches in detail  , we are interested in answering two questions. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. LSH is a promising method for approximate K-NN search in high dimensional spaces. Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method  , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. For the image dataset  , the Table 2: Search performance comparison of different LSH methods: multi-probe LSH is most efficient in terms of space usage and time while achieving the same recall score as other LSH methods. By picking the probing sequence carefully  , it also requires checking far fewer buckets than entropy-based LSH. Instead of generating perturbed queries  , our method computes a non-overlapped bucket sequence  , according to the probability of containing similar objects. ever developed a LSHLocality Sensitive Hashing based method1  to perform calligraphic character recognition. higher Max F 1 score than ANDD-LSH-Jacc  , and both outperform Charikar's random projection method. We emphasize that our focus in this paper is on improving the space and time efficiency of LSH  , already established as an attractive technique for high-dimensional similarity search. We see that our method strictly out-performs LSH: we achieve significantly higher recall at similar scan rate. We use LSH for offline K-NNG construction by building an LSH index with multiple hash tables and then running a K-NN query for each object. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: We use plain LSH 13  rather than the more recent Multi- Probing LSH 17 in this evaluation as the latter is mainly to reduce space cost  , but could slightly raise scan rate to achieve the same recall. For each dataset  , the table reports the query time  , the error ratio and the number of hash tables required  , to achieve three different search quality recall values. multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the entropy-based approach by a factor of 7.0  , 5.5  , and 6.0 respectively for the three recall values  , while reducing the query time by half. The entropy-based LSH method generates randomly perturbed objects and use LSH functions to hash them to buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method uses a carefully derived probing sequence based on the hash values of the query object. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. However  , this method does not use task-specific objective function for learning the metric; more importantly  , it does not learn the bit vector representation directly. Experimental studies show that this basic LSH method needs over a hundred 13 and sometimes several hundred hash tables 6 to achieve good search accuracy for high-dimensional datasets. The multi-probe LSH method proposed in this paper is inspired by but quite different from the entropybased LSH method. Finally  , we give the recognition result based on the searching results. It is a big step for calligraphic character recognition. We have implemented the entropy-based LSH indexing method. The default probing method for multi-probe LSH is querydirected probing. Intuitively  , increases as the increase of   , while decreases as the increase of . Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 13  is a promising method for approximate K- NN search. Besides the random projections of generating binary code methods  , several machine learning methods are developed recently. The basic method uses a family of locality-sensitive hash functions to hash nearby objects in the high-dimensional space into the same bucket. We found that although the entropybased method can reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method  , significant improvements are possible. The results in Table 2also show that the multi-probe LSH method is substantially more space and time efficient than the entropy-based approach. The basic LSH indexing method 17 only checks the buckets to which the query object is hashed and usually requires a large number of hash tables hundreds to achieve good search quality. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects  , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. Our evaluation shows that the multi-probe LSH method substantially improves over the basic and entropy-based LSH methods in both space and time efficiency. However  , due to the limitation of random projection  , LSH usually needs a quite long hash code and hundreds of hash tables to guarantee good retrieval performance. We compare our new method to previously proposed LSH methods – a detailed comparison with other indexing techniques is outside the scope of this work. Ideally  , we would like to examine the buckets with the highest success probabilities. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 24  , which contains images crawled from the web. Also note that the space cost of LSH is much higher than ours as tens of hash tables are needed  , and the computational cost to construct those hash tables are not considered in the com- parison. However  , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic  , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory  , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. For even larger datasets  , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . Spectral hashing SH 36  uses spectral graph partitioning strategy for hash function learning where the graph is constructed based on the similarity between data points. First  , when using the same number of hash tables  , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need  , compared with the entropy-based approach ? Locality sensitive hashing LSH  , introduced by Indyk and Motwani  , is the best-known indexing method for ANN search. Acknowledgments. This paper presents the multi-probe LSH indexing method for high-dimensional similarity search  , which uses carefully derived probing sequences to probe multiple hash buckets in a systematic way. Then the LSH-based method will be used to have a quick similarity search. Thus  , we utilize LSH to increase such probability. Note that one can always apply binary LSH on top of a metric learning method like NCA or LMNN to construct bit vectors. The dataset sizes are chosen such that the index data structure of the basic LSH method can entirely fit into the main memory. Figure 10shows that the search quality is not so sensitive to different K values. As we will show  , our method has better performance characteristics for retrieval and sketching under some common conditions. By probing multiple buckets in each hash table  , the method requires far fewer hash tables than previously proposed LSH methods. Our results show that the query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the simple  , step-wise sequence. These machine learning methods usually learn much more compact codes than LSH since they are more complicated. One of the well-known uni-modal hashing method is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 2  , which uses random projections to obtain the hash functions. On the other hand  , when the same amount of main memory is used by the multi-probe LSH indexing data structures  , it can deal with about 60- million images to achieve the same search quality. An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. The intention of the method is to trade time for space requirements. This is because that using the LSH-based method for similarity searching greatly reduced the time of  was about 0.004 second in our experiment  , which is very time-consuming in Yu's because it calculate the skeleton similarity between the input calligraphic character and all the candidates in the huge CCD. This method does not make use of data to learn the representation. Although LSH can be applied on the projected data using a metric learned via NCA or LMNN  , any such independent two stage method will be sub-optimal in getting a good bit vector representation. To achieve high search accuracy  , the LSH method needs to use multiple hash tables to produce a good candidate set. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 7 constitutes an established method for hashing items of a high-dimensional space in such a way that similar items i.e. Figure 8 shows some recognition results of five different calligraphic styles using our LSH-based method. As we know  , most calligraphic characters in CCD were written in ancient times  , most common people can't recognize them without the help of experts  , so we invited experts to help us build CCD. In our system  , we use a standard Jaccard-based hashing method to find similar news articles. The probability that the two hash values match is the same as the Jaccard similarity of the two k-gram vectors . Since the similarity functions that our learning method optimizes for are cosine and Jaccard  , we apply the corresponding LSH schemes when generating signatures. Each perturbation vector is directly applied to the hash values of the query object  , thus avoiding the overhead of point perturbation and hash value computations associated with the entropy-based LSH method. For the entropybased LSH method  , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset. A sensitivity question is whether this approach generates a larger candidate set than the other approaches or not. Baselines: We compare our method to two state-of-theart FSD models as follows. For methods SH and STH  , although these methods try to preserve the similarity between documents in their learned hashing codes  , they do not utilize the supervised information contained in tags. Figure 1shows how the multi-probe LSH method works. Since each hash table entry consumes about 16 bytes in our implementation   , 2 gigabytes of main memory can hold the index data structure of the basic LSH method for about 4-million images to achieve a 0.93 recall. In future we plan to make more comparison of our image representation and other descriptors  , such as SIFT and HOG. In addition  , dissimilar items are associated with the same hash values with a very low probability p 2 . In addition  , the construction of the index data structure should be quick and it should deal with various sequences of insertions and deletions conveniently. The key idea is to hash the points using several hash functions so as to ensure that  , for each function  , the probability of collision is much higher for objects which are close to each other than for those which are far apart. Then we run another three sets of experiments for MV-DNN. As pointed out by Charikar 5   , the min-wise independent permutations method used in Shingling is in fact a particular case of a locality sensitive hashing LSH scheme introduced by Indyk and Motwani 12. Also  , our method performs well in recognition rate and show robustness in different calligraphic styles. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces  , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. For our proposed approach  , for both Apps and News data sets  , we first run three sets of experiments to train single-view DNN models  , each of which corresponds to a dimension reduction method in Section 6 SV-TopK ,SV-Kmeans and SV-LSH. We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. This prevents a sort consisting of many runs from taking too much sort space for merge buffers. When reaching this limit  , a sort converts to u5 ing multiple merge steps. This saves a pass over the data by combining the last merge pass of external sort with join-merge pass. However  , the double skew case was not considered. call this distributed out-of-core sort. LESS's merge passes of its external-sort phase are the same as for standard external sort  , except for the last merge pass. The division of queries into the three classes would also he valid for Sort-Merge and Neslcd Loop join. An important difference  , however  , is that the merge phase of Diag-Join does not assume that the tuples of either relation are sorted on the join attributes. A " log merge " application used for comparison and described below renormalizes the relevance scores in each result set before sorting on the normalized relevance scores. However  , the problem of optimizing nested queries considering parameter sort orders is significantly different from the problem of finding the optimal sort orders for merge joins. Sort bufler size is the size of a data buffer for inmemory sort/merge. The latter join is implemented as a three-way mid 4 -outer sort-merge join. So the default Join could have been planned with sort-merge before performing the rewrite. exMin: minimum memory for an external merge. We used the UNIX sort utility in the implementation of the sort merge outerjoin. We used the GNU sort application the " sort merge "  on the relevance scores in the domain result sets for a topic as a baseline merge application to merge the results into a single ranked list. The nesting of subqueries makes certain orderings impossible  , whereas merge join is at liberty to sort the inputs as it sees fit. More memory is required for sorting the two input tables and the performance of sort-merge join depends largely on sort performance. Further  , each predicate is annotated with an access method; i.e. Concretely   , bitonic sort involves lg m phases  , where each phase consists of a series of bitonic merge procedures. The Sort property of the AE operator specifies the procedure to be used to sort the relation if a merge-sort join strategy was selected to implement the query. CellSort is based on distributed bitonic merge with a SIMDized bitonic sorting kernel. sort-merge joins are vulnerable to memory fluctuations due to their large memory requirements. There is no need for complex sort/merge programs. The performance in comparison with Sort/Merge depends on the join selectivity. A SIMDized bitonic sorting kernel is used to sort items locally in the local stores of the SPEs  , a distributed in-core bitonic merge is used to merge local store resident local sort results  , and a distributed out-ofcore bitonic merge is used to merge the results of a number of main memory resident in-core sort results. This reduces the number of input runs for subsequent merge steps  , thereby making them less vulnerable to memory fluctuations. One page less of memory will result in another merge step. In the cast of sort-merge joins  , queries could hc divided into small  , medium and large classes hascd on the size of the memory needed for sorting the relations. These query groups arc listed in Figure" tcnthoustup " relations  , all ol' the nested loops metllods lost to the sort-merge methods cvcn though the SOI-TV merge methods must sort these large relations. Nonetheless  , the log-merge method does significantly improve result-set merging performance relative to a straightforward sort operation on relevance scores. This is hccausc the amount 01 work saved through sorting sig- nificantlv outweighs the work requir-cd IO pcrlol-m the sorts. However  , performing such a merge-sort on 1 ,200 GB of data is prohibitively expensive. Illustration of k-merge phases: Figure 3 gives an illustration of bitonic sort for m = 8. Since the output of merge join is pre-sorted in addition to being pre-partitioned on the city  , the grouping operator uses a sort-grouping strategy. While the sort is executing this merge step  , the available memory is reduced to 8 buffers. Since extra memory will help reduce the amount of I/O  , additional memory is very important to a sort in this stage. This is the same optimization done in the standard two-pass sort-merge join  , implemented by many database systems. Given two equal length lists of items  , sorted in opposing directions  , the bitonic merge procedure will create a combined list of sorted items. We treat merge joins as three different operations. When the number of runs is large relative to available memory  , multiple merge steps may be needed. The sort-and-merge includes sorting hash tables  , writing them to temporary run-files and merging the run-files into the final XML document. Instead of completing this step before performing Iv linal merge as discussed previously  , the sort operator can switch to the tinal merge directly. The final merge phase of the join can proceed only when the slower of these two operations is completed. On the other hand  , waiting increases the sort's response time. Large sorts were typically caused by sort-merge joins or groupby. Bitonic sort makes use of successive bitonic merges to fully sort a given list of items. So we adopt the variable-length two-way merge sort method. Transformation T 2 : Each physical join operator e.g. For the sake of clarity  , when illustrating query plans we omitted the class acc of the operator. In both systems large aggregations  , which often include large sort operations are widespread . I The sort merge methods can never execute laster than the time it takes to sort and scan the larger ol its relations. The nested loops join methods ar ? The sort-merge scmi ,join methods SSSRI and PSSM rcqulrc a similar numher of' disk acccsscs. This achieves better performance and scalability without sacrificing document ordering. We do not allow a sort to increase or decrease its work space arbitrarily but restrict the size to be within a specified range. The unit of memory adjustment is a data buffer plus the space for additional data structure for sorting. We now describe the details of k-merge phases. This increased our discovery rate by almost an order of magnitude. If many output tuples am generated  , the Hash Loop Join will perform better. The basic sort merge join first sorts the two input files. For VerticalSQL  , this involves selection on the key predicates  , fetching the tuples  , sorting them on Oid  , and doing a merge sort join. This property gets pushed down to Sort and then Merge. Instead of a complete sorting  , merge sort can serve the same purpose and save. Note that tuple substitution corresponds to the nested iteration method of join implementation BLAS77. We will discuss the results in Section 6.5. Their approach can be considered as the " opposite " of an N-way merge sort. In the remainder of this section we describe each of these methods in turn. However  , the sort-merge is done out-of-memory 5 . currently ilnplemented  , this could be optimized by COIIIbining the final merge with the separate merges inside the two calls to sort-when. The approach can be characterized as a generalization of an N-way merge sort. sort-merge for implementing the join instead of always using tuple substitution. an external sort deals with memory shortages by initiating a merge step that fits the remaining memory. This leads us to the important conclusion that pipelined strategy is optimal when database is memory resident  , because the sort-merge technique is useless. Our work falls in the class of sequential indexing. We rewrote the classifier and distiller to maximally exploit the I/O efficiency of sort-merge joins. Bitonic sort makes use of a key procedure called bitonic merge. There are two main problems in synopsis construction scenarios. Self joins of leaves and joins between two leaves are performed by using sort-merge join. We use a TRIE representation of variablelength character strings to avoid readjusting comparison starting points. In this case  , preliminary merge steps are required to reduce the number of runs before the final merge can be carried out. Along these lines it is beneficial to reuse available grouping properties  , usually for hash-based operators. Proceeding immediately without waiting may cause a small sort to rely on external merging or a sort with relatively few runs to resort to multiple merge steps. Having a sort order of the parameters across calls that matches the sort order of the inner query gives an effect similar to merge join. They presented the concept of interesting orderings and showed how redundant sort operations could be avoided by reusing available orderings  , rendering sort-based operators like sort-merge join much more interesting. The only difference between Bitonic/sample sort and Bitonic/sample merge is that the initial sorting step is not required because the local lists are already sorted. The buffers of the external sort can be taken away once it has been suspcndcd. Put another way  , the parent relation is clustered optimally for NL-SORT since it is in unique2 order. The data sites send sorted files directly to the host which ei& ciently " merges " them without doing sort key comparisons . In summary  , our variant of mergesort has three phases: an in-buffer sort phase which sorts data within a buffer  , an in-memory merge phase which produces runs by merging sorted buffers  , and an external merge phase which merges sorted runs. Besides the drawbacks of suspension and paging that we discussed in the introduction  , these hybrid approachcs would also prevent an external sort from taking advantage ol extra memory beyond the initially allocated amount Ihn may become available while the sort is in the merge phase. Our impiemcntation of paging works as follows: The external sort keeps a copy of the current tuple of each input run in its private work space  , where the tuples are merged. MergeTraces is essentially the merge function of merge sort  , using the position of events in the trace for comparison events in trace slices are listed chronologically. Result sets from each host name D for each topic were truncated at the top Cr |D| = 0.0005|D| documents  , rounding up to the next largest integer. often turns out to be sub-optimal because of significant changes that occur in the external sort's memory allocation during the preliminary merge steps. The top performing topics from each of our sort merge and log merge experiments were used to investigate the effect of truncating the result sets before merging. We shall introduce this provision by continuing our earlier example. instead of first sorting all and then merging all the partitions  , we sort and immediately merge the partitions. For now we will only focus on the status of the 8-item list after the k-merge phases lists below dashed horizontal phase separators. If a memory shortage occurs  , causing the available memory to become less than the buffer requirement of the current merge step  , the sort operator can immediately stop the c , ,rrenl step  , split it into a number of sub-steps  , and then start execuling the lirst sub-step. The full merge is not very competitive in cost  , because each element is accessed  , but it is actually a tough competitor in terms of running time  , because of the significant bookkeeping overhead incurred by all the treshold methods. The assumption deviates from reality when there are no indices and the database chooses multi-way merge-sort joins. The first phase merges each even-indexed item index starts from 0 with the item immediately following it  , in alternating directions . We do not further discuss in-core merges. Our sort testbed is able to generate temporally skewed input based on the above model. Our initial intuition is that a sort-merge based join phase should be applied in this case. All the triplets are generated by performing a single pass over the output sorted file. We also assume that the host extracts tuples from the communication messages and returns them to the application program. We have presented efficient concurrency control and recovery schemes for both techniques . Alternatively  , if we can produce the path matches in the order of return nodes  , then the path join cannot use the efficient merge join method. Both CPU and I/O costs of executing a query are considered. Our next project is to extend the model so a.s to ha.ndlc multi-way joins and sort-merge joins. First  , both relations R and S are sorted on the join attribute by using an efficient sorting mechanism e.g. We study the scalability of our framework  , using the mapping in Example 1 and two other mappings derived from it. If the IGNITE optimizer chooses a sort-merge join for a query involving such sources  , the sorting operations will be executed by the engine of IGNITE. Thus  , the third heuristic is: 'The Cornell and Yu results apply to hash-based  , sort-merge  , and nested loops join methods. During the sorting phase  , tuples in a relation are first sorted into multiple ~~172s according to a certain sort key Knu73. While performing the decorrelation of NOT IN queries we assumed the availability of sort-merge anti-join. The previous section described how we can scan compressed tuples from a compressed table  , while pushing down selections and projections. We discuss four such operators next: index-scan  , hash join  , sort-merge join  , and group-by with aggregation. We studied two techniques to cluster data incrementally as it arrives  , one based on sort-merge and the other on hashing. unary operators including sequential scan  , index scan and clustered index scan ; l binary operators including nested join  , index join and sort-merge join ; . nary operator corresponding to pointer chasing. Obviously there is a lot of overhead in carrying around intermediate XML fragments. We Figure 2 : Three-tiered distributed sort on Cell  , using bitonic merge. By introducing this join and adjusting the optimization level for the the DB2 query optimizer  , we could generate the correct plans. Therefore  , the scan task is also responsible for returning the sorted records to the host site. If acute shortage of memory space occurs  , a sort in this phase could " roll back " its input and release the last buffers acquired. Instead  , one could implement a multi-pass on-disk merge sort within the reducer. In other words  , we do not carry out any comparison-based global sort or global merge at the host site. The most straightforward approach to deal with memory shortages that occur during the merge phase of an external sort is for the DBMS to suspend the external sort altogether. Hash Loop Joins w still have better performance than Sort/Merge gins  , but they may also be more expensive. While conceptually this is a very simple change  , it is somewhat more difficult in our setup as it would require us to open up and modify the TPIE merge sort. preliminary merge step. It then waits for all data sites to send their distribution tables. There must  , however  , be a very efficient inner loop which is executed a number of times proportional to the signature file size. We compute such a cuboid by merging these runs  , like the merge step of external sort  , aggregating duplicates if necessary . These will be the candidate plans with early group-by. require both input streams to be co-located at the same site  , and the sort-merge flavor of JOIN requires both streams to be sorted on their respective join columns. The same redundancy arises in libraries that provide specialized implementations of functionalities already available in other components of the system. Like regular hash teams  , such sortbased query techniques are only attractive if the columns of at least some of the join and group-by operations are the same. In general  , such a change might make it more difficult to utilize existing  , highly optimized external sort procedures. After the split  , the sort immedialcly starts to work on the preliminary step. It is ideally suited for data already stored on a distributed file system which offers data replication as well as the ability to execute computations locally on each data node. In summary  , the plan generator considers and evaluates the space of plans where the joins have exactly two arguments . This implies that this procedure line 1-4 can be fully parallelized  , by partitioning the collection into sub-collections. We call such allowable plans MHJ plans. The sort-merge equijoin produces a result that is sorted and hence grouped on its join attributes c nationkey. If  , however  , any input is already sorted then the corresponding sort operation is unnecessary and the merge join can be pipelined. These modifications are very simple but are not presented here due to space limitations. If only few tuples match the join condition  , a Sort/Merge Join will need fewer disk accesses and will be faster. A similar situation arises when data is added to the system . To verify our intuition  , we implemented an inspection mechanism to detect nearly-sorted tuples. The dramatic improvement over university INGRES is due to the use of a sort-merge algo- rithm. On the other hand  , in a multiuser environment much less buffer space may actually be available. When the sort reaches the end of input or cannot acquire more buffer space  , it proceeds to the in-memory merge phase. It checks the available memory before each merge step and adjusts the fan-in accordingly. This step is combined with the computation of cuboids that are descendants of that cuboid. IICHI optimal. This was particularly important in the sort-merge  ,join cast. Thus  , an optimizer generates only a small number of interesting orders. Fcwcr pages for the heap-sort results in more merge passes; and fewer pages for the hash probiug may result in thrashing. It is not possible to accurately extrapolate the merge time that would be required for a full-sized database. If a team member checks-in some changes that are subsequently found to break previously checked-in code then there has been a breakdown of some sort. Note that PerfPlotter cannot guarantee that the worst-case paths will actually be explored due to the heuristics nature. In the first step we exclude from consideration query plans with nested-loop join operators  , while allowing every other operator including sort-merge and hash joins. More interestingly   , we can use a sort-merge join based approach to join the set of predicates with the set of tuples in the S-Data SteM. However the impact of hashing on the total time is small because the sort-merge dominates the total time. We now augment the sort merge outerjoin with compression shown in Figure 1 . For SJSI\4  , the two relations are each sorted al their local sites first IO increase parallelism. As ohservcd in the mcasuremcnts at S ,  , the sort-merge methods require more disk accesses than the nested loops methods due IO sorting. Its software is much simpler and it does not need complex sort/merge packages using multiple intermediate disk accesses for composed queries. This makes possible to propose similar formulas with coefficients to estimate their costs. The key observation when considering stop-&-go operators  , such as sorting used in aggregations  , merge joins  , etc. Sort-merge duplicate elimination also divides the input relation  , but uses physical memory loads as the units of division. We believe it should be reasonably easy to integrate our techniques into an existing database system. Note that runs may be of variable length because work space size may change between runs. Sort-merge join uses little memory for the actual join except when there are many rows with the same value for the join columns. Since only foreign keys that meet the ÑÑÒ ×ÙÔÔ condition are kept in the join node  , no redundant join is performed. Sort/merge-joins and sort-based aggregations can also be used to execute join/group-by queries. Although uol. Since it is unlikely that all dimensions will be used for splitting  , a non-split dimension is used to sort the data-points in the leaves to be joined. In this study  , we will therefore explore a third alternative. When memory is released and there are multiple sorts waiting  , we must decide which sort to wake up. In order to distinguish the work between merging the sort keys and returning the sorted records to the host  , the data sites do not send sorted records to the host site until all the sort keys have been sent to the merge sites. We remind the reader that NL-SORT is essentially a sort-merge join -the child relation is sorted by its foreign key field and then the parent's clustered primary key index is used to retrieve corresponding parent records in physical order. I laving discussed how dynamic splitting breaks a merge step into sub-steps in response to a memory reduction  , we now present Ihc provision in the dynamic splitting strategy that allows an cxtemal sort to combine existing merge steps to take advantage of extra buffers as they become available. As a result  , any monitor number for merge-join input streams is unreliable unless we have encountered a " dam " operator such as SORT or TEMP  , which by materializing all rows ensures the complete scan and count of the data stream prior to the merge join. Finally  , NLJoin nested-loop join performs a nested-loop join with join predicate  , pred over its inputs with with the relation produced by left as the outer relation  , and the relation produced by right as the inner relation. We implement a simple  , pipelined σ physical operator  , and two flavors of join: sort-merge sort   , and hash hash . Both sort variants suffer from high CPU costs for sorting. However  , once M reaches 0.6 MBytes  , all three in-memory sorting methods produce fewer runs than the number of available buffers; thus  , there can be no further reduction in the number of merge steps until M grows to 20 MBytes  , at which point there will he a sudden drop in response time because it will then be possihlc IO sort the entire relation all at once in memory. Logical expressions are mapped by an optimizer search engine to a space of physical expressions. We create a separate file for each of the 560 super-hashes and then sort each super-hash file using an I/O-efficient merge sort. M one-pass is directly proportional to the factor S which represents the IO size used during the merge phase that produces the final sorted result. Our experiments include both full join queries as well as queries with a selection followed by a join. We rather do the merge twice  , outputting only the scores in the first round  , doing a partial sort of these to obtain the min-k score  , and then repeat the merge  , but this time with an on-the-fly pruning of all documents with a bestscore below that min-k score. As observed in the official TREC results from 2005 and 2006  , the log-merge method outperforms the sort-merge method regardless of whether the underlying collection is partitioned by web domain or partitioned by randomized web domains. The Classic Sort-Stop plan provides much better performance than the Conventional Sort plan as long as it is applicable; its curve stops at N = 10 ,000 because its sorted heap structure no longer fits in the buffer pool beyond that point. When getting two triple sets bound to two triple patterns  , a sort merge join is enough to work out the final results. We expect that as more approximate predicates become available  , normalized costs will drop. A large part of that memory is dedicated to SQL work areas  , used by sort  , hash-join  , bitmapindex merge  , and bitmap-index create operators. Because sorting is also a blocking operator as the hash operator  , there will be wait opportunities in the query plan which can be utilized by Request Window. Figure 5 shows the choices of sort-merge versus partitioning   , the possible sorting/partitioning attributes  , and the possible buffer allocation strategies. In this experiment. One contribution of this paper has been to show that a well-designed sort-merge based scheme performs better than hashing. In this section  , we give three examples of new algebraic operators that are well-suited for efficient implementation of nested OOSQL queries. Put contents of Input Buf fer2 to Aging The partitioned hash outerjoin is augmented with compression in a very similar manner to the sort merge outerjoin. Summarized briefly  , this result follows from the following reasoning: 1. It is important to note that orderpreserving hash join does preserve orderings  , but does not preserve groupings held of the outer relation. The newly written files then participate in an n-way sort-merge join to find query segments with the same protein id. Third  , in order to insure that the results of the various IC'SIS were nol hiased hy preceeding ones  , we had IO ensure that no lesl query was likely IO find useful pages sitting in the huffcr lrom its predecessors. There are two principles in the choice of join approach between hypergraph traversal and triple indices: 1 If the predicate of a triple pattern has a owl:cardinality property valued 1  , priority should be given to hypergraph traversal. For larger datasets  , this overhead gets amortized and Ontobroker comes out on top. Since the grammar productions are carried out in a topdown   , left-to-right fashion  , the grammar will build the output string from left to right. the merge-sort operation when its input becomes bigger than memory the contours of the discontinuities involved are similar to the equi-cost contours and the approach outlined above can be applied for approximating the cost func- Input: SPJ query q on a set of relations Q = {R 1   , . Usually  , interesting orders are on the join column of a future join  , the grouping attributes from the group by clause  , and the ordering attributes from the order by clause. Although pushing sorting down to sources to accelerate sort-merge join is an attractive strategy in data integration applications  , it is only useful for multi-join based on a common attribute. In this section  , we will focus our attention on the techniques we have devised to optimize navigation over massive Web graphs. Other boxes cannot effectively use the indexed structure  , so only these two need be considered. Next  , the relation is sorted using a parallel merge sort on the partitioning attribute and the sorted relation is redistributed in a fashion that attempts to equalize the number of tuples at each site. When both lrclations arc large  , howcvcr  , as when hoth wcrc " tcnlhoustup " relations in our tests  , the optimal methods will he the pipclincd sort-merge methods. As a consequence of this observation  , we make an important observation in the arena of expert systems. The sorted data items in these buffers are next merge-sorted into a single run and written to disk along with the tags. The access paths in a 3NF DSS system are often dominated by large hash or sort-merge joins  , and conventional index driven joins are also common. Those queries will be addressed in a subsequent paper. A sort-merge anti-join implementation if present and used would perform exactly same as NISR and hence we have not consider it here explicitly. 8 Merge creates a key which is the union of the keys of its inputs  , and preserves both functional dependencies that hold of its inputs. The 15 ms page I/O time setting assumes RCquential I/O without prefetching or disk buffering t.g. The " Find-sub-query " call on the merge-combine node is slightly different than on a normal combine node. Together  , these two factors slow down the performance of page over and above the performance penalty already imposed by the larger number of merge steps. Anti-Semijoin For an anti-semijoin El I ? The size of the inner relation could be used to make the division for Nested-Loop join queries. Without Indices  , university INGRES used a nested loops join in which the storage structure of a copy of the inner relation is converted to a hashed organization before the join is initiated Commercial INGRES used primarily sort-merge join techniques. Third  , we were interested in how the different systems took advantage of secondary indices on joining attributes   , when these were available. First  , low level operators in most commercial DBMSs are very similar  , for example  , scan  , index scan  , nested join  , sort merge join  , depth first pointer chasing  , etc.  Accent  , Punctuation  , Firstname  , Name Authority  Edit  , Sort Same  , Merge  , Delete  , Undo  Fold and Expand We will eventually explore all of these through a selection of examples using a variety of digital library systems. Interesting orders are those that are useful for later operations e.g. For Binary  , the selection on the key predicate is not required since each attribute has its own table which explains the slight performance advantage. However  , the difference is that navigation operators must now be implemented over the specialized structures used to represent Web graphs  , rather than as hash joins or sort-merge joins over relational tables. Figure 10: Join Redundancy -Composite Tuples the new data share many boolean factors. The " single data-multiple query " composite tuple Figure 10b can be used in conjunction with the sort-merge join based approach to apply the composite tuple to the Data SteM. The complexity is significantly smaller than the cost of running the original query because e s r i s typically much smaller than the cardinality of the corresponding relation. P and PM behave similarly the lines are parallel  , such that partition/merge retains its advantage . Sideway functions and sideway values are selectively employed by users for two purposes: a User-guided query output ranking and size control. However   , for hash joins optimizing memory usage is likely to be more significant thau CPU load balancing in marry cases and must therefore be considered for dynamic load balaucii in multi-user mode. In addition  , only the bypass plan and the DNF-based plan can easily use a sort-merge implementation of the second join operator semijoin on Cwork . For the sort-merge band join  , assuming that the memory is large enough so that both relations can be sorted in two passes each  , the I/O cost consists of three parts: R contain /R pages  , and let S cont'ain ISI pages  , and let  , F he the fraction of R pages that fit in memory. The curve for sort-merge is labeled SM; the curves for Grace partitioned band join and the hybrid partitioned band join are labeled GP and HP  , respectively. Here  , the common change in all plans across the switch-point is that the hash-join between relations PART and PARTSUPP is replaced by a sort-merge-join. Of the pipelined methods  , the nested loops join method outperformed the sort-merge method for this example. without materializing R when D or S when D. HERALD currently supports two strategies for obtaining access to deltas in connection with the hypothetical algebraic operators and other delta operators  , one based on hashing and the other on a sort-merge paradigm. Thus  , providing optimal support for h ,ash-based delta access requires the ability to dynamically partition the buffer pool belween these two tasks. The only interesting orders that are generated are those that are due to choice of a join method e.g. In particular  , the ordering we have chosen for codewords – ordered by codeword length first and then within each length by the natural ordering of the values is a total order. So we can do sort merge join directly on the coded join columns  , without decoding them first. According to experiment results  , a mapping with one more nesting level used about 20 more seconds on hashing. Thus Similarity-Seeker avoids the out-of-memory sort-merge performed by All-IPs with all the associated I/O and computational overheads. To compute the cost of a plan  , we built a simple query optimizer T&O based on predicate placement CS96  -our optimizer considered only sort-merge and hash-partitioned joins. Given an existing single-machine indexer  , one simple way to take advantage of MapReduce is to leverage reducers to merge indexes built on local disk. At this point the start position information is used to determine whether the segments occur in the correct order within the protein and if the proper gap constraints between them are met. We believe that such an implementation would slightly outperform MPBSM. The sorted data items in these buffers are next merge-sorted into a single run and written out to disk along with the tags. In terms of this approach  , LHAM can be considered to perform a 2-way merge sort whenever data is migrated to the next of Ii components in the LHAM storage hierarchy. The optimizer can consider the relative cost of tuple substitution nested iteration  for implementing the G-Joins and other e.g. there are additional factors that adversely affect the performance of the external sorts: When the actual number of buffers that an cxtcrnal sort has is smaller than the buffer requirement of an exeruling merge step  , the penalty in extra ~/OS that paging incurs is proportional to the extent of the memory discrepancy. the reduction in the number of cache misses is much larger because of the partitioning and the relative overhead of making the partition is correspondingly much smaller. To reduce CPU cost for redundant comparisons between points in an any two nodes  , we first screen points which lie within c-distance from the boundary surface of other node and use sort-merge join for those screened points. Such violation can occur because presence of an appropriate order on relations can help reduce the cost of a subsequent sort-merge join since the sorting phase is not required. Transformation T 3 : Each index-scan operator in P is replaced with a table-scan operator followed by a selection operator  , where the selection condition is the same as the index-scan condition. So our approach is to heuristically use the equations obtained in Theorem 4  , Theorem 5  , and Corollary 6 to choose which tables need to be sampled and compute their sample sizes  , i.e. We will now describe a way to classify a large batch of documents using a sort-merge technique  , which can be written  , with some effort  , directly in SQL. The total number of operations is also proportional to this term because this query can be best run using Sort- Merge joins by always storing the histograms and the auxiliary relations in sorted order. The idea is to create unsorted sequences of records  , where each sequence covers a subset of the dataspace that is disjoint to the subsets covered by the other sequences. This file is sorted lexicography using external memory merge sort such that all identical keyword pairs appear together in the output. When necessary  , Ontobroker builds the appropriate indices to speed up query evaluation  , and  , when multiple CPUs are available  , it parallelizes the computation . To the best' of our knowledge  , currently systems implement band joins using eitfher nested loops or sort.-merge. Nore the similarity in the shapes and relative positions of the curves to those generated by the analytical model  , shown in Figure 1. After sorting   , the join computation at the next level can then start based on the ordered indexes. A more efficient implementation of SSSJ would feed the output of the merge step of the TPIE sort directly into the scan used for the plane-sweep  , thus eliminating one write and one read of the entire data. Finally  , the optimher can often pipeline operations if the intermediate results are correctly grouped or ordered  , thereby avoiding the cost of storing temporaries which is basically the only advantage of tuple substitution. Using a data structure which maintains the edges in the sorted order of edgeIDs  , the redundant edge elimination step can be implemented using a sort-merge based scheme. This modified combine node uses the individual index scans on fragments to get sorted runs that are merged together to sort the entire relation. For example  , one can join two 450 megabyte objects by reading both into main memory and then performing a main-memory sort-merge. The resulting one record temporary will reside in main memory where a single extra page fetch will obtain the matching values from R3. Evaluating the k+1 th predicate  , however  , will further cut down on the number of protein ids that emerge from the merge join  , which in turn reduces the number of protein tuples that have to be retrieved. By these  , and a bag of other tricks  , we managed to keep the overhead for maintaining the state-information a small fraction of the essential operations of reading and merging blocks of pairs of document ids and score  , sorted by document id. Moreover  , many data sources do not support sorting operation  , which only accept queries with the input of a target relation and a selection predicate  , although the query form does not always follow the SQL syntax. To determine the amount of paging disk I/OS acceptable for a hash join  , it should be considered that paging I/OS are random acesses on the paging disk  , while file I/OS of sort/merge and hybrid joins have sequential access patterns. In the next step we sort the resulting clusters by their total size in lines in decreasing order  , such that according to property iv  , the largest clusters should contain the main text blocks. Conceptually  , HERALD represents a delta as a collection of pairs Ri  , R ,  , specifying the proposed inserts and deletes for each relation variable R in the program. The result is that the external sort is less vulnerable to memory shor- Iilges in the first step  , but becomes more vulnerable in the final step due IO the larger number of runs that are left until the final s~cp. For ESTER  , we implemented a particularly efficient realization of a hash join which exploits that the word ranges of our queries are small. But  , in the same picture  , there are switch-points occurring at 26% and 50% in the PARTSUPP selectivity range  , that result in a counter-intuitive non-monotonic cost behavior   , as shown in the corresponding cost diagram of Fig- ure 11b . Among the nested loops methods  , the sequential ones have higher disk costs than the pipelined methods due to the storage and retrieval of the received relation; this is especially true for the sequential join case SJNL  , which builds an index on the received relation at S ,. The purpose of the calibrating database is to use it to calibrate the coefficients in the cost formulae for any given relational DBMS. Assume that nested loop and sort-merge are the only two methods . For now  , for the problem at hand  , we will illustrate how with CSN we can direct the ACM Digital Library to recognize the two separate occurrences of Rüger's as one with the Firstname action. We consider a slightly more complicated example query with this operator " List for big cities their population number as a percentage of their state's population " : D cities select The smjoin operator performs a sort/merge join. This poses the following two major predicatability problems: the problem of predicting how the system will execute e.g  , use index or sequntial scan  , use nested loop or sort merge a given query; the problem of eliminating the effect of data placement   , pagination and other storage implementation factors that can potentially distort the observations and thus lead to unpredictable behavior. In this region  , increasing M leads to fewer sorted runs at the end of the split phase  , and hence lower disk seek costs when the runs are merged; this accounts for the slight reductions in response time at the right-hand side of Figure 5. The NS query still uses naive Map lookup  , but sorts the physical OIDs before accessing S. When comparing NS with SS  , sorting the flattened R tuples for the Map lookup does not pay off because the Mup is smaller than 2 MB For 1 MB the sort-based plans are out of the range of the curve because for such small memory configurations they need several merge phases. We then apply the sort and merge procedure addling the counts from matching content- ID C content-ID pairs to produce a list of all <content-ID  , content-ID  , count> triplets sorted by the first content-ID and the second content-ID. To quantify the effects on IR performance due to the merge methods used as well as the effects due to eliminating the natural corpus structure defined by web domains by dividing the corpus arbitrarily with respect to the document content at index-time  , the mean values of the MAP taken over the merged resultsets from 149 automatically extracted queries applied to the domain partition and the randomized domain partition are recorded in Table 5. Ranking the words according to their scores. In whatever experiments  , the BCDRW method significantly outperforms the BASIC method. The improvements of precision and popular tag coverage are statistically significant  , both up to more than 10%. BCDRW requires three inputs: a normalized adjacency matrix W  , a normalized probability distribution d that encodes the prior ranking  , and a dumpling factor λ that balances the two. Interpretations to a book vary much in different reviews  , just as Shakespeare said  , " There are a thousand Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes " . The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. These three input parameters have already been introduced before. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set.