A T-Regular Expression is a regular expression over a triple pattern or an extended regular expression of the form  are regular expressions; if x and y are regular expressions  , then x  y  , x ⏐ y are also regular expressions. is one regular expression defined for the month symbol. Regular expression matching is naturally computationally expensive. -constrain paths based on the presence or absence of certain nodes or edges. If  , for example  , an ADT has a domain definition represented by the regular expression "name sex birthdate"  , then the ADT is a generalization of person because "name sex birthdate" is a subexpression of the expression "name sex birthdate address age deathdate which is a commutated expression of the domain-defining regular expression for person. For any regular expression  , we allow concatenation AND and plus OR to be commutative and define a commuted regular expression of regular expression e to be any regular expression that can be derived from e by a sequence of zero or more commutative operations. Otherwise   , we describe the properties in the regular expression format. XTM provides support for the entire PERL regular-expression set. So the extracted entities are from GATE  , list or regular expression matching. The regular expression specifies the characters that can be included in a valid token. If these strings are identical  , we directly present such string in the regular expression. We distinguish two types of path expressions: simple path expression SPE and regular path expression RPE. A content expression is simply a regular expression ρ over the set of tokens ∆. The PATTERN clause is similar to a regular expression. This is done by interpreting the regular expression as an expression over an algebra of functions. Since XQuery does not support regular path expressions  , the user must express regular path expressions by defining user-defined structurally recursive functions. In particular  , the occurrence of the regular expression operators concatenation  , disjunction +  , zero-or-one  ? But the problem of automatic regular expression grammar inference is known to be difficult and we generally cannot obtain a regular expression grammar using only positive samples 13  , like in our case. ADT a is an automatic aggregation of the list of ADTs b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a commuted regular expression of the regular expression formed by concatenating the elements in the list of ADTs b. b: Here b is an ordered list of two or more ADTs. Yet easier  , PCRE the most widespread regular expression engine supports callouts 20   , external functions that can be attached to regular expression markers and are invoked when the engine encounter them. Thus  , each occurrence of the regular expression represents one data object from the web page. The second most matched rule is another regular expression that resulted in another 11% of the rule matches. For the sketched example the regular expression should allow any character instead of the accent leading to the regular expression " M.{1 ,2}ller " instead of solely " Müller " . As already noted  , a pure regular expression that expresses permutations must have exponential size. The code is inefficient because creating the regular expression is an expensive operation that is repeatedly executed. The obtained regular expression can be applied with the appropriate flags such as multi-line support and with appropriate string delimiters to instance pages to check for template matching. For example  , here is the regular expression for the " transmit " relationship between two Documents: Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. The implementation of the regular-expression matching module is described in more detail in the paper by Brodie  , Taylor  , and Cytron 5. This regular expression is then applied on the sentences extracted by the search engine for 2 purposes: i. * in popular regular expression syntaxes. For example  , the output of the function md5 is approximated with the regular expression  , 0-9a-f{32}  , representing 32- character hexadecimal numbers. We utilize regular expression matching for both sources of URLs. Each print statement has as argument a relational expression   , with possibly some free occurrences of attributes. For example  , while an expression can be defined to match any sequence of values that can be described by a regular expression  , the language does not provide for a more sophisticated notion of attribute value restrictions. For brevity  , we omit nodes in a regular expression unless required  , and simply describe path expressions in terms of regular expressions over edge labels. Regular expressions and XQuery types are naturally represented using trees. Quite complex textual objects can be specified by regular expressions. However  , the language model would often make mistakes that the regular expression classifier would judge correctly. The first regular expression to match defines the component parts of that section. Finally  , we summarize these properties in order to generate the regular expression. This subtext is then parsed and a regular expression generated. Extract all multi-word terms using the predefined regular expression rules. The latest comment prior to closing the pull request matches the regular expression above. for sequencing have their usual meaning. The XML specification requires regular expressions to be deterministic. Furthermore we utilized regular expressions  , adopted from Ritter et al. Extraction generates minimal nonoverlapping substrings. These patterns are expressed in regular expression. Synthetic expression generation. The construction resembles that of an automaton for a regular expression. SPE are path expressions that consist of only element or attribute names. As usual  , we write Lr for the language defined by regular expression r. The class of all regular expressions is actually too large for our purposes  , as both DTDs and XSDs require the regular expressions occurring in them to be deterministic also sometimes called one-unambiguous 15 . Or it may be possible that the required regular expression is too complicated to write. Most of the learning of regular languages from positive examples in the computational learning community is directed towards inference of automata as opposed to inference of regular expressions 5  , 43  , 48. Thus  , semantically  , the class of deterministic regular expressions forms a strict subclass of the class of all regular expressions. As Glusta also uses regular expressions when the user needs to specify additional fitness factors as in the HyperCast experiment  , we will investigate optimizations for our regular expression matching also. Moreover  , the preg_match function in PHP does not only check if a given input matches the given regular expression but it also computes all the substrings that match the parenthesized subexpressions of the given regular expression. Generally  , these regular expressions are interpreted exactly as in other semistructured query languages  , and the usual regular expression operations +  , *  ,  ? We first tried the regular-expression-based matching approach . To this end  , we generate and then try to apply two types of patterns  , expressed in terms of a regular expression: one is aimed at describing author names the element regular expression  , or EREG  , and the other aimed at describing groups of delimiters between names the glue characters regular expression or GREG. We attempt to extract author names both by means of matches of the generated EREG  , or extracting the text appearing in between two matches of a GREG. Two methods are also given for detecting the data flow anomalies without directly computing the regular expression for the paths. During evaluation of this expression  , the descriptor person would only match a label person on an edge. Like the generic relationship  , aggregation does not have a userdefined counterpart because the user must define aggregation in the syntax. Definition 5. All machines have a nonaccepting start-state. AutoRE 21 outputs regular expression signatures for spam detection. For the example mentioned above  , our code produces the regular expression fs.\.*\.impl. Empty string K is a valid regular expression. A regular expression r is single occurrence if every element name occurs at most once in it. Also  , they support the regular expression style for features of words. Three runs were submitted for the QA track. Works such as 7  , 29  , 23 use regular-expression-like syntax to denote event patterns. For every group  , a regular expression is identified. Deciding whether R is not restricted is NP- complete. The following regular expression describes all possibilities: By continuing in this manner  , an arbitrarily long connection can be sustained. For notational simplicity  , we assume that each regular expression in a conjunctive query Q is distinct. Regular expression inference. Hence for most of the paper we restrict ourselves to using approximate regular expression matching 15  , which can easily be specified using weighted regular transducers 9. A formalism regular expressions for tagged text  , RETT for developing such rules was created. This crude classifier of signal tweets based on regular expression matching turns out to be sufficient. Fernandez and Dan Suciu 13 propose two query optimization techniques to rewrite a given regular path expression into another query that reduces the scope of navigation. A sample S covers a deterministic regular expression r if it covers the automaton obtained from S using the Glushkov construction for translating regular expressions into automata 14. One alternative considered in the design of XJ was to allow programmers the use of regular expression types in declarations. a feature that is supported by all major regular expression implementations and a posteriori checking for empty groups can be used to identify where i.e. The fourth column lists the feature on which the regular expression or gazetteer as the case may be is evaluated. Let's start with the weakest template class  , type 3 regular grammars 16The more common regular expression equivalent provides an easier way to think about regular templates. All 49 regular expressions were successfully derived by iDRegEx. Therefore  , we extend the regular expressions developed by Bacchelli et al 4  , 5 to the following regular expression code take the class named " Control " for the example: DragSource- Listener " . The OM regex contained 102 regular expressions of varying length. We apply  , in order of precedence  , this sequence of regular expressions to each token from the token sequence previously obtained  , giving us the symbol sequence: x1  , . By using the named entities already tagged in the document  , the system can create a number of actual regular expressions  , substituting suitable types into the ANSWER and OBJECT locations. A permutation expression is such an example. This generic representation is called a Navigation Pattern NP. The items are then extracted in a table format by parsing the Web page to the discovered regular patterns. Thus  , we will use regular expressions to specify the history component of a guard. However  , regular expressions are not very robust with respect to layout variations and structural changes that occur frequently in Web sites. Second  , some text may happen to match a regular expression by coincidence but still the document may fail to support the answer. Regular expressions were developed to pattern match sentence construction for common question types. Regular expressions REs are recursively defined as follows: every alphabet symbol a ∈ Σ is a regular expression. The first one accepts the regular language defined by the original path expression  , while the second one accepts the reversed language  , which is also regular. The regular expression rules are sensitive to text variations and the need for the user to come up with markup rules can limit GoldenGATE's application. One approach for automatic categorization is achieved by deriving taxonomy correspondences from given attribute values or parts thereof as specified via a regular expression pattern. All the suggestions provided by the spell-checker are matched with this regular expression  , and only the first one that matches is selected  , otherwise the mispelled word is left unchanged. Then an XPath with a regular expression that tests if all text snippets with this particular structure are marked up as dates is a suitable means to test whether or not the step that marks up dates has been executed. For our running example  , we obtain the three regular expressions: We further refer to the hostnames and IP addresses in HIC1. Hence  , we may end up with very large regular expressions. An XSD is single occurrence if it contains only single occurrence regular expressions. Consider  , for example  , the classifier that identifies SD. In other words  , each language described by a regular expression can also be generated by an appropriate grammar G∈C 3 and viceversa . For example  , in the regular expression person | employee.name ? A string path definition spd is a regular expression possibly containing some variables variable Y indicated by \varY  which appear in some concept predicate of the corresponding rule. The best regular expression in the candidate set C is now the deterministic one that minimizes both model and data encoding cost. Thus  , this regular expression is used. For instance  , the Alembic workbench 1 contains a sentence splitting module which employs over 100 regular-expression rules written in Flex. Contrarily  , the idea behind our solution is to focus on the input dataset and the given regular expression. The property verification is restricted to the users that belong to the specified class  , and that matches the regular expression in the scope of the property. For a regular expression r over elements   , we denote by r the regular expression obtained from r by replacing every ith a-element in r counting from left to right by ai. We therefore configured the Gigascope to only try the regular expression match for DirectConnect if the fixed offset fields match. This can be useful in representing word tokens that correspond to fields like Model and Attribute. In fact  , a regular expression may be a very selective kind of syntactical constraint  , for which large fraction of an input sequence may result useless w.r.t. If the regular expression matches an instance it is safe to return a validity assessment. We maintained a data store of basic regular expression formats  , suitable substitution types  , an allowable answer type  , and a generic question format for the particular rela- tion. Each operator takes a regular expression as an argument  , and the words generated by the expression serve as patterns that direct how lists should be shuffled together or picked apart. This regular-expression matching can be performed concurrently for up to 50 rules. A wildcard in a regular expression is associated in the SMA to a transition without a proper label: in other terms  , a transition that matches any signal  , and thus it fires at every iteration. Such a query can be encoded as a regular expression with each Ri combined using an " OR " clause and this regular expression based query can be issued as an advanced search to a search engine. The composite query is most useful when each Ri represents a specific aspect of the main query M and the individual supporting terms are not directly related. Context patterns are used to impose constraints on the context of an element. This corresponds to a standard HTML definition of links on pages. The difference is that the thing to be extracted is defined by the expression  , not the component itself. The teehnique's inspiration comes from the use of the regular expression for the paths in a program as a suitably interpreted A expression. One of the benefits of our visual notation is encapsulation. We note that xtract also uses the MDL principle to choose the best expression from a set of candidates. It is well-known that the permutation expression can be compacted a bit to exponential size but no further compaction is possible in regular expression notation. We will refer to a triple of such a regular expression and the source and destination nodes as a P-Expression e.g. Not every nondeterministic regular expression is equivalent to a deterministic one 15. A walk expression is a regular expression without union  , whose language contains only alternating sequences of node and edge types  , starting and ending with a node type. Concatenation   , alternation  , and transitive closure are interpreted as function composition  , union  , and function transitive closure respectfully. us* as part of a GRE query on a db-graph labelled with predicate symbol r. The following Datalog program P is that constructed from the expression tree of R. Consider the regular expression R = ~1 us . Theregn.larexptekonmustbechoseninsuchawaythat itdefinesaconnectedgtaph ,thatis ,apathtype. The regular expression is a simple example for an expression that would be applied to the content part of a message. The element content is constrained by a content expression   , that is  , a regular expression over element definitions. The offer expression stands out with relatively good precision for a single feature. We will generate candidate URL patterns by replacing one segment with a regular expression each time. From these  , URLs were extracted using a simple regular expression . We now define its semantics. The terminal symbols are primitive design steps. Our work is capable of locating more complex properties. For guard inference we choose a finite set of regular expression templates . We extracted around 8.8 million distinctive phone entity instances and around 4.6 million distinctive email entity instances. The regular expression in this example is a sequence of descriptors. ate substrings of the example values using the structure. One can express that a string source must match a given regular expression. This template can be utilized to identify other classes of transaction annotators. A key aspect in identifying patient cohorts is the resolution of demographic information. Comments represent a candidate items. Both can be applied for annotating a text document automatically. \Ye note that the inverse in the above expression exists a t regular points. It consisted of several regular expression operations without any loops or branches. We discuss the method used to obtain accepting regular expressions as well as the ranking heuristics below. xtract 31 is another regular expression learning system with similar goals. Example of the possible rule: person_title_np = listi_personWord src_  , hum_Cap2+ src_  , $setHUM_PERSON/2 Also  , they support the regular expression style for features of words. We apply the concepts of modular grammar and just-in-time annotation to RegExprewrite rules. We assign scores to each entity extracted  , and rank entities according to their scores. A text window surrounding the target citation  ,  We then wrote a regular expression rules to extract all possible citations from paper's full text. Moreover  , no elements are repeated in any of the definitions. Results are not displayed in the browser assistant but in the browser itself. Slurp|bingbot|Googlebot. The regular expression is evaluated over the document text. One path corresponds to one capturing group in the regular expression indicated with parentheses. For example  , the Gnutella data download signature can be expressed as: 'ˆServer:|User-Agent: \t*LimeWire| BearShare|Gnucleus|Morpheus|XoloX| gtk-gnutella|Mutella|MyNapster|Qtella| AquaLime|NapShare|Comback|PHEX|SwapNut| FreeWire|Openext|Toadnode' Due to the fact that it is expensive to perform full regular expression matches over all TCP payloads we exploit the fact that the required regular expression matches are of a limited variety. The argument to the PATH-IS function is a regular expression made up from operation names. Attk is a regular expression represented as a DFA. The sentence chains displayed include a node called notify method. Match chooses a set of paths from the semistructure that match a user-given path regular expression . They are extracted based on a set of regular expression rules. The other characters are used as delimiters between tokens. Internal link checks are not yet implemented. Finally  , all other numbers are identified with an in-house system based on regular expression grammars. Possible patterns of references are enumerated manually and combined into a finite automaton. Intent generation and ranking. Nonetheless  , POS tags alone cannot produce high-quality results. By correlating drive-by download samples  , we propose a novel method to generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs to detect drive-by downloads. A conversation specification for S is a specification S e.g. Therefore we believe that the required amount of manual work for developers is rea- sonable. However  , this approach ends up being very inefficient due to the implementation of preg_match in PHP. Thus  , the developer decides to perform a regular expression query for *notif*. Generating the full question was done in the following way: We start with the original question. We also write some regular expression to match some type of entities . Further  , suppose that this tool uses regular expression patterns to recognize dates based on their distinctive syntactical structure. A regular expression domain can infer a structure of $0-9 ,Parsing is easy because of consistent delimiter. We now detail the procedure used to generate a pattern that represents a set of URLs. 19  , it says regular expression matching is a large portion of the Reflexion Model's performance. In the first attempt  , we defined three different detection methods: maximum entropy  , regular expression  , and closed world list. Note: schema:birthDate and schema:deathDate are derived from the same subfield using the supplied regular expression. The GoldenGATE editor natively provides basic NLP functionality like gazetteer Lists and Regular Expression patterns. REFERENCE The result shows that the structure completely supports regular expression functions and the Snort rule set at the frequency of 3.68GHz. Match Generation: There are two ways of doing matching: 1 Regular-expression-based matching: Generate a regular expression from the vulnerability signature automaton and then use the PHP function preg_match to check if the input matches the generated regular expression  , or 2 Automata-simulation-based matching: Generate code that  , given an input string  , simulates the vulnerability signature automaton to determine if the input string is accepted by the vulnerability signature automaton  , i.e. Second  , the editing is often conditional on the surrounding context. Moves consist of matching case  , matching whole word  , Boolean operator  , wild card  , and regular expression. The distribution of hosts in the initial URL set are illustrated in Figure 2 . Rewrite Operation and Normalization Rule. For a variable  , we can specify its type or a regular expression representing its value. We build a system called ARROW to automatically generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs and evaluate the effectiveness of these signa- tures. Compared to these methods   , ARROW mainly differentiates itself by detecting a different attack a.k.a  , drive-by download. The generated predicate becomes two kinds of the following. Cho and Rajagopalan build a multigram index over a corpus to support fast regular expression matching 9 . defined in Section II-D with each g re from the set of regular expression templates RELib˜pRELib˜ RELib˜p . This involves redefining how labels are matched in the evaluation of an expression . These candidate phrases could eventually turn out to be true product names. * ?/ in Perl regular expression syntax for the abbreviation î that is used to search a database of known inflected forms of Latin literature. on a Wikipedia page are extracted by means of a recursive regular expression. The quantifier defines how many nodes within the set must be connected to the single node by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. For clarity we used the types regular-dvd and discount-dvd rather than the cryptic types dvd 1 and dvd 2 of Example 3. Regular expressions can express a number of strings that the be language cannot  , but be types can be generated from type recognizers that can be far more complex than regular expressions. Moreover  , we show that each regular XPATH expression can be rewritten to a sequence of equivalent SQL queries with the LFP operator. Intuitively  , a dvd element is a regular-dvd discount-dvd when its parent label is regulars discounts; its content model is then determined by the regular expression title price title price discount. The quantifier defines to how many nodes from the set the single node must be connected by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. The quantifiers define how many nodes from within the " left " set must be connected to how many nodes from the " right " set by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. However  , RML provides in addition an operator for transitive closure  , an operator for regular-expression matching   , and operators for comparison of relations  , but does not include functions. In general  , l in Definition 3.1 could be a component of a generalized path expression  , but we have simplified the definition for presentation purposes in this paper. To define when a region in a tokenized table T is valid with respect to content expression ρ  , let us first introduce the following order on coordinates. ε and ∅ are two atomic regular expressions denoting empty string and empty set resp. In practice  , many regular expression guards of transactions are vacuous leading to a small number of partitions. An attribute condition is a triple specifying a required name  , a required value a string  , or in case the third parameter is regvar  , a regular expression possibly containing some variables indicated by \var  , and a special parameter exact  , substr or regvar  , indicating that the attribute value is exactly the required string  , is a superstring of it  , or matches the given regular expression  , respectively. However  , allowing edit operations such as insertions of symbols and inverted symbols indicated by using '−' as a superscript to the symbol and corresponding to matching an edge in the reverse direction  , each at an assumed cost of 1  , the regular expression airplane can be successively relaxed to the regular expression name − · airplane · name  , which captures as answers the city names of Temuco and Chillan. In particular all of the signatures we need to evaluate can be expressed as stringset1. To do this  , we used a regular expression to check the mention of contexts in the document – that is  , the pair city  , state mentioned above –  , along with another regular expression checking if the city was mentioned near another state different from the target state. In this section we will introduce the notion of the approximate automaton of a regular expression R: the approximate automaton of R at distance d  , where d is an integer  , accepts all strings at distance at most d from R. For any regular expression R we can construct an NFA M R to recognise LR using Thompson's construction. Thus we have arrived at the following method for detecting anomalies in a program with flowchart G. Let R be the regular expression for the paths in G. R may be mapped into an expression E in A where the node identifiers are replaced by the elements of A that represent the variable usage. Paraphrasing  , INSTANCE matches each optional sequence of arbitrary characters ¥ w+ tagged as a determiner DT  , followed optionally by a sequence of small letters a-z + tagged as an adjective JJ  , followed by an expression matching the regular expression denoted by PRE  , which in turn can be optionally followed by an expression matching the concatenation of MID and POST. The outcome is that entities which share the same normal form characterized by a sequence of token level regular expressions may all be grouped together. Definition 2. This generic representation  , is a list of regular expressions  , where each regular expression represents the links in a page the crawler has to follow to reach the target pages. This generic representation is a list of regular expressions  , where each regular expression represents the links occurring in a page the crawler has to follow to reach the target pages. Since deterministic regular expressions like a * define infinite languages  , and since every non-empty finite language can be defined by a deterministic expression as we show in the full version of this paper 9  , it follows that also the class of deterministic regular expressions is not learnable in the limit. Recall that the PATH-IS function accepts an argument which is a regular expression  , say R. It turns out that it has an implicit formal parameter s which is a string made up by concatenating integers between 1 and m. Therefore  , the PATH-IS function really denotes the following question: Does s belong to the regular set R ? We are however not interested in abstract structures like regular expressions   , but rather in structures in terms of user-defined domains . In contrast  , the methods in 9  first generate a finite automaton for each element name which in a second step is rewritten into a concise regular expression. In the current framework  , using XPath as a pattern language  , the SDTD of Example 3 is equivalent to the following schema: Here  , Types = {discount-dvd  , regular-dvd}. An SDTD is restrained competition iff all regular expressions occurring in rules restrain competi- tion. The present paper presents a method to reliably learn regular expressions that are far more complex than the classes of expressions previously considered in the literature. Without loss of generality   , we assume that the server name is always given as a single regular expression. That is  , each of these normalization rules takes as input a single token and maps it to a more general class  , all of which are accepted by the regular expression. Each rule is represented by a regular expression  , and to the usual set of operators we added the operator →  , simple transduction  , such that a → b means that the terminal symbol a is transformed into the terminal symbol b. In order to study whether those results are meaningful  , we pick the regular expression CPxxAI as an example and search sequence alignments where the pattern appears. The edit operations which we allow in approximate matching are insertions  , deletions and substitutions of symbols  , along with insertions of inverted symbols corresponding to edge reversals and transpositions of adjacent symbols  , each with an assumed cost of 1. Keeping this in mind  , we briefly cite the well-known inductive definition of the set of regular expressions EXP T over an alphabet T and their associated languages: Now we are ready for motivating our choice to capture the semantics of ODX by regular grammars. To round out the OM regex  , regular expressions that simulate misspellings by vowel substitutions e.g. For write effects  , we give the starting points for both objects and the regular expressions for the paths. A good analogy for path summarization is that of representing the set of strings in a regular language using a regular expression. Due to the lack of real-world data  , we have developed a synthetic regular expression generator that is parameterized for flexibility. Examples of patterns that we used are given below using the syntax of Java regular expressions 9: Essentially  , these patterns match titles that contain phrases such as " John Smith's home page "   , " Lenovo Intranet "   , or " Autonomic Computing Home " . By considering traces that are beyond the current historical data  , the ranking criteria rank impl and rank lkl encourage the reuse of regular expressions across multiple events in the mined specification. Column and table names can be demoted into column values using special characters in regular expressions; these are useful in conjunction with the Fold transform described below. In 45   , several approaches to generate probabilistic string automata representing regular expressions are proposed. As an example  , figure references in the example collection see Figure 3 are 5-digit numbers which are easily recognizable by a simple regular expression. The authors showed that in general case finding all simple paths matching a given regular expression is NP-Complete  , whereas in special cases it can be tractable. We focus on the least powerful grammar category C 3 and the corresponding language category  , which has been shown to be equal to the one defined by the regular expression formalism. We generate the domain names for the hostnames and replace HIC1 using the domain names and IP addresses to get the regular expression signatures. Briefly  , the simplest and most practical mechanism for recognizing patterns specified using regular expressions is a Finite State Machine FSM. Specifically  , positive pattern matches are carefully constructed regular expression patterns and gazetteer lookups while negative pattern matches are regular expressions based on the gazetteer. The path search uses the steps from the bidirectional BFS to grow the frontiers of entities used to connect paths. Such queries can be implemented using the general FORSEQ clause by specifying the relevant patterns i.e. Figure 7shows the distribution of question deletion initiator moderator or author on Stack Overflow. Christian   , Liberal  , sometimes we had to use regular expression matching to extract the relevant information. For the above example  , the developers compute the regular expression once and store it into a variable: The optimization applied to avoid such performance issues is to store the results of the computation for later reuse  , e.g. The Operator calculates which HTTP requests should have their responses bundled and is called when the Tester matches a request. Finally  , the Analyzer generates code for the Operator that uses the regular expression http://weather ?city=. The input to this pre-condition computation will be a DFA that accepts the attack strings characterized by the regular expression given above. tion is equally likely and the probability to have zero or one occurrences for the zero-or-one operator  ? Our position is that the declarations needed for regular expression types are too complex  , with little added practical value in terms of typing.  The output of some string operations is reasonably approximated by a regular expression. Our analyzer dynamically constructs the transducers described above for a grammar with regular expression functions and translates it into a context-free grammar. For some applications  , the running time performance of the SSNE detector can be a crucial factor. Next  , we replace the digits in the candidate with a special character and obtain a regular expression feature. LAt extracts titles from web pages and applies a carefully crafted set of regular expression patterns to these titles. In order to identify class names in the first group  , we can additionally match different parts of the package name of the class in documents. Label matching in existing semistructured query languages is straightforward. An alternative query expression mechanism appeared in 3  , where regular expressions were used to represent mobility patterns. As such  , any mapping from histories to histories that can be specified by an event expression can be executed by a finite automaton. Bindings link to a PatternParameter and a value through the :parameter and :bindingValue properties respectively. We also allow for approximate answers to queries using approximate regular expression matching. Further examples are shown in Figure 2. No suggestion provided by the spell-checker matches the regular expression generated by aligned outputs  , thus the word is correctly left unchanged. The creation and distribution of potentially new publicly available information on Twitter is called tweeting. 7+ is the operator of a regular expression meaning at least one occurrence. Regular path expression. By conjuncting these expressions together  , we obtain a regular expression with conjunctions that expresses permutations and has size On2. That is  , when 2T-INF derives the corresponding SOA no edges are missing. If f was neither a proposition nor a structured pattern  , we checked how many content words in f had appeared in previous features. In addition there are 9 lexicon lists including: LastNames  , FirstNames  , States  , Cities  , Countries  , JobTitles  , CompanyNameComponents  , Titles   , StreetNameComponents. These patterns are written in a regular-expression-like language where tokens can be: Resporator runs after the previously described annotators   , so quantities that the other annotators detect can be represented as quantities in the Resporator patterns. For SD the only feature of interest is the objecttext – i.e. The parsers are regular expression based and capable of parsing a single operation. Finally  , a sequence of upper characters in the fullname UN is compared to a sequence of upper characters in the abbreviations. For instance  , unless in expert mode  , options that require a regular expression to be entered are suppressed. LSP is composed of lexical entries  , POS tag  , semantic category and their sequence  , and is expressed in regular expression. For example  , a grammar " Figure 1explains the procedures to determine the expected answer type of an input question. We then generalise the string to a suitable regular expression  , by removing stopwords and inserting named entity classes where appropriate. Tools that create structural markup may rely on statistical models or rules referring to detail markup. Age and gender: Regular expression are used to extract and normalize age and gender information from the documents and queries. We present a relatively simple QA framework based on regular expression rewriting. An example is given below: The outcome is a value close to 1 if the tweet contains an high level of syntactically incorrect content. For Japanese  , we use a regular expression to match sentence endings  , as these patterns are more well defined than in English. Allowing Variables. The optimization applied to avoid such performance issues is to store the results of the computation for later reuse  , e.g. The regular expression on line 546 reflects this specification: '\w' represents word characters word characters include alphanumeric characters  , '_'  , and '. Christensen et al. The nonterminals Attr and RelVar refer to any RML identifier; StrLit is a string literal; and regex is a Unix regular expression. anchor elements contain a location specifier LocSpec 17  typically identifying a text selection with a regular expression. Annotations are implemented as anchors with a PSpec that describes the type popup  , replace  , prefix   , postfix and text of the annotation. Moreover  , these are expressed by the data type and the regular expression of XML schema. The multigram index is an inverted index that includes postings for certain non-English character sequences. The main instances of static concept location are regular expression matching  , dependency search 2  , and informational retrieval IR techniques 10. For patterns longer than 50 characters  , this version never reported a match. For example  , the user can provide an alternating template representing the regular expression ab *   , a program  , and an alphabet of possible assignments. Composition operators can be seen as deening regular expressions on a set of sequence diagrams  , that will be called references expressions for SDs. This means that the server might specify the regular expression deliver sell* destroy sell "   , with suitable restrictions on the sell method's time. An event pattern is an ordered set of strings representing a very simple form of regular expression. pred is a function returning a boolean. We already mentioned that xtract 31 also utilizes the Minimum Description Length principle. In an extreme  , but not uncommon case  , the sample does not even entirely cover the target expression. For domains with wildcards  , the associated virtual host must use a regular expression that reflects all possible names. Both their and our analyzers first extract a grammar with string operations from a program. The input specification is given as a regular expression and describes the set of possible inputs to the PHP program. In this section  , we illustrate our string analyzer by examples. Then  , we can check whether the context-free language obtained by the analyzer is disjoint with this set. To give the reader some idea  , the regular expression used for phone number detection in Y! We use capital Greek letters Ξ and Ψ as placeholders for one of the above defined quantifiers. Here are some examples from our knowledge base: These patterns are expressed in regular expression. There is some useless information about patients' personal detail in the last part of each report  , so we also use regular expression to get and delete them. The resulting plain text is tokenized using a regular expression that allows words to include hyphens and numeric characters. To reduce the size of our vocabulary  , we ignore case and remove stopwords . We have extensively tested all of these in extracting links in scholarly works. These keyword-list RegExps are compiled manually from various sources. Splitting is made by asking whether a selected feature matches a certain regular expression involving words  , POS and gaps occurring in the TREC-11 question. The system finally classifies a visit as male or female. In test phase  , the sentences retrieved are spitted into short snippets according to the splitting regular expression " ,|-| " and all snippets length should be more than 40. In contrast to our approach  , the xtract systems generates for every separate string a regular expression while representing repeated subparts by introducing Kleene-*. We use the following approach: we start by generating a representative sample set for a regular expression . More specifically  , it first identifies all the AB-paths L 1   , . This syntactical variety of references is represented using an or operator in the regular expression. The results also show that the regular expression and statistical features e.g. Evidentiality We study a simple measure of evidentiality in RAOP posts: the presence of an image link within the request text detected by a regular expression. To improve the generalization ability of our model  , we introduce a second type of features referred to as regular expression regex features: However  , this can cause overfitting if the training data is sparse. Soubbotin and Soubbotin 18 mention different weights for different regular expression matches  , but they did not describe the mechanism in detail nor did they evaluate how useful it is. The confidence of a noun phrase is computed using a modified version of Eq. The path expressions can be formed with the use of property names  , their inverses  , classes of properties  , and the usual collection of regular expression operators. As ongoing research  , it is intended to compare the results of the different detection approaches. To display the according occurrence count behind each term i.e. Documents are segmented into sentences and all sentences from relevant documents are used as nuggets in the learning procedure. and at singular points of codimension 1. provided vector U has components outside the column space of the Jacobian. As concepts are nouns or noun phrases in texts  , only word patterns with the NP tag are collected. Such techniques do not really capture any regularity in the paths within a DOM tree. The method is named SMA-FC  , and it performs a number of scans of the database equals to the number of states of the given regular expression. Allowing variables in our method is achieved by maintaining for each token the list of variables instantiated that it contains. First  , the string being searched for is often not constant and instead requires regular expression matching. The W3C recommendation for HTML attributes specifies that white space characters may separate attribute names from the following '=' character. designed regular expression types for strings in a functional language with a type system that could handle certain programming constructs with greater precision than had been done before 23. the usual queries that a developer would enter in a search engine. One element name is designated as the start symbol. The coverage of a target regular expression r by a sample S is defined as the fraction of transitions in the corresponding Glushkov automaton for r that have at least one witness in S. Definition 6. In Section 5 we will discuss a possible spectrum of validators . at which character position  an expected markup structure is missing. So a different regular expression needs to be developed for every target language and region. For example  , the following example  , in the pseudo-regular expression notation of a fictional template engine  , generates a <br> separated list of users: The surprising fact is that these minimal templates can do a lot. We consider detection of cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in PHP programs as the first application of our analyzer. Many works on key term identification apply either fixed or regular expression POS tag patterns to improve their effectiveness . After pruning these signatures with S benign1   , ARROW produced 2  , 588 signatures including the examples presented in Table 4.  The MOP solution can be generated from its definitioa by using the regular expression for the paths. Interestingly  , the example in 27 actually states that 'Lafter destruction  , earlier transfers sales can still be recorded " . Figure 8shows two examples of the kind of regular expression that our analyses accept as input; to conserve space we have elided the JNI strings used to define calls based on signatures. In terms of the operations discussed in Section 3.2  , the variable has the following mean- ing. Collapse combines the properties in labels along a path to create a new label for the entire path. The combinator accepts a sequence of such parsers and returns a new parser as its output. Regular expression patterns are used to identify tags  , references  , figures  , tables  , and punctuations at the beginning or the end of a retrieved passage in order to remove them. To solve the former  , they use a simple regular expression matching strategy  , which does not scale. Note that  , some references may have been cited more than once in the citing papers. An age-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for the identification of de-identified age groups mentioned in visits. Since such expressions often have many variations  , we used regular expressions rather than exhaustive enumeration to extract them from the text. If f was a structured pattern  , we checked if previous features used the same regular expression. The regular expression for word specifies a non-empty sequence of alphanumerics  , hyphens or apostrophes  , while the sentence recognize simply looks for a terminating period  , question mark  , or exclamation point. All the other classes use internal recognize functions. For example  , the atleast operator provides a compact representation of repetitions that seems natural even to someone not familiar with regular expression notation.  The percentage of white space from the first non-white space character on can separate data rows from prose. This is a database querying facility  , with regular expression search on titles  , comments and URLs. Notice that a regular expression has an equivalent automaton. These ngram structures can be captured using the following regular expression: Feature Extraction: Extract word-ngram features where n > 1 using local and global frequency counts from the entire transcript. To date  , no transparent syntactical equivalent counterpart is known. Definition 1.   , zero-or-more  *   , and oneor-more  +  in the generated expressions is determined by a user-defined probability distribution. Our internal typing rules are predicated on the stronger typing system of XML Schema. Some P2P applications are now using encryption. This generates more than 1000 examples positive set in this corpus. We also performed experiments to understand the effect of contextual and regular expression features; the combined set performs best  , as expected. The operation model offers guidelines for representing behavioral aspects of a method or an operation in terms of pre-and post-conditions. The size of the regular expression generated from the vulnerability signature automaton can be exponential in the number of states of the automaton 10. More details and limitations of this approach appear in the related work. This query sets up a variable Name that ranges over the terminal nodes of paths that match the regular expression movie.stars.name. A total of 168 ,554 citation contexts were extracted from the full-text publications by using regular expression   , which come from unique 93 ,398 references. Usually  , such patterns take into account various alternative formulations of the same query. Still  , the results are indicative for our purposes. Candidate phrases are phrases that match a pre-defined set of regular expression patterns. According to the age division standard released by the United Nations we make age into 12 categories. For example  , chapter/section*/title is expressed as a finite automaton and hence structurally recursive functions in Figure 11. prepend d to all structures enumerated above } Figure 4:  with values of constant length. The description length for values using a structure often reduces when the structure is parameterized. We provide built-in functions for common operations like regular-expression based substitutions and arithmetic operations  , but also allow user defined functions. Taken together  , our approach works as follows. A complex query may be transformed into an expression that contains both regular joins and outerjoins. of edge labels is a string in the language denoted by the regular expression R appearing in Q. However  , in ARC-programs what is more important is the means by which bindings are propagated in rules. A possibility is to create a regular expression using the recipes as examples. Therefore  , we replace the equivalence with a weaker condition of similarity. The text part of a message can be quallfled aocordlng to a regular expressIon of strlngs words  , oomblnatlons of words present In them. In this section we employ a graph-rewriting approach to transform a SOA to a SORE. We do not address xtract as Table 1already shows that even for small data sets xtract produces suboptimal results. Approximately 100 simple regular expression features were used  , including IsCapitalized  , All- Caps  , IsDigit  , Numeric  , ContainsDash  , EndsInPeriod  , ConstainsAtSign  , etc. The test document collection is more than one hundred thousand electronic medical reports. Useful information  , including name  , homepage  , rate and comment  , should be separated from web pages by regular expression. Then  , a regular expression is used to extract all abbreviations from the articles. The two NLP tools required by this system are: recognition of basic syntactic phrases  , i.e. Each pattern comprises a regular expression re and a feature f . For example  , the first row describes an example pattern to identify candidate transactional objects . This occurs because  , during crawling  , only the links matching the regular expression in the navigation pattern are traversed. We run each generated crawler over the corresponding Web site of Table 2two more times. Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. In addition  , it extends the lexica dynamically as it finds new taxonomic names in the documents. Second  , user-defined external ontologies can be integrated with the system and used in concept recognition. The regular expression extractor acts in a similar way as the name extractor. They are intended to specify the semantics of the path between a pair of resources. Our approach enables users to use whatever tools they are comfortable using. Operator  , Resource  , Property or Class and the optional :constraintPattern for a regular expression constraint on the parameter values. counting support for possible valid patterns. First  , it can be difficult to find a valid replacement value for a non-Boolean configuration option  , such as a string or regular expression. The editor can convert the symptom into a regular expression  , thereby stripping out all the irrelevant parts of the symptom. The life-cycle model uses a regular expression whose alphabet reprc· sents a set of events. In these cases  , we suggest that the user should consider data consistency check as an alternative. The domain specification thus defines a value set for an ADT. The ARROW system applies regular expression signatures to match URLs in HTTPTraces. For each regular expression in RT  we construct the corresponding nondeterministic finite automaton NDFA using Thomson's construction 13. If none of the above heuristics identifies a merge  , we mark the pull request as unmerged. The regular expression code for matching each part of package names is: This method can also be used to identify classes sharing the same name but belonging to two different packages. The usual valid sequence would be captured by the regular expression deliver sell " destroy . More detail about the concerns selected is available elsewhere 9. But even these cannot always be used to split unambiguously. However  , to capture semantics  , an expression language is needed  , such as some form of logic predicate calculus  , description logic  , algebra relational algebra  , arithmetic  , or formal language regular expressions  , BNF. PROOF: By reduction from the problem of deciding whether a regular expression does not denote 0'  , which is shown to be NP-complete in StMe731. These fields were identified using regular expression and separated using end of the section patterns. In addition to the regular expression syntax  , means for accessing WordNet and statistical PPA resolver plugins were introduced. Then  , we take all combination of continuous snippets as candidate answer sentences. Surface text pattern matching has been adopted by some researchers Ravichandran & Hovy 2002  , Soubbotin 2002 in building QA system during the last few years. The following regular expression list is a sample of answer patterns to question type " when_do_np1_vp_np2 " . We modified the scoring scripts to provide both strict and lenient scores. 10 reported an ontology-based information extraction system  , MultiFlora. Among other things  , NeumesXML includes a regular-expression grammar that decides whether NEUMES transcriptions are 'well-formed'. We then wrote a regular expression rules to extract all possible citations from paper's full text. However  , they do not deal with the latter problem  , suggesting further investigation as future work. Question type classification was done using a regular expression based classifier and LingPipe was used as the named entity recogniser. Figure 3depicts an example of a finite automaton for both references to an article in a journal and a book.   , two extraction components for non-ontological entities have been implemented: person name extractor for Finnish language and regular expression extractor. To avoid unnecessary traversals on the database during the evaluation of a path expression  , indexing methods are introduced 15  , 16. Consider finding the corresponding decade for a given year. the given regular expression R patterns contained in the sequence. To handle these kind of patterns we must allow wildcards in the regular expression. In 14  , the authors present the X-Scan operator for evaluating regular path expression queries over streaming XML data. The inference module identifies the naming parts of the clustered join points  , forms a regular expression for each set of naming parts  , and finally outputs the pointcut expression by combining the individual expressions with the pointcut designator generated by the designator identifier. The inference module also provides an additional testing mechanism to verify the strength of the inferred pointcuts. The history in the context of which an event expression is evaluated provides the sequence of input symbols to the automaton implementing the event expression. With these operations  , the regular expression can be treated just like an arithmetic expression to generate the summary function  , which was done to generate the table of solution templates in Appendix B. The query language is based on a hyperwalk algebra with operations closed under the set of hyperwalks. However  , there is one important restriction of such XPath views: The XPath expression in the comparison has to be exactly the same as the view XPath expression. For example  , if the question category is COUNTRY  , then a regular expression that contains a predefined list of country names is fetched  , and all RegExp rewriting is applied to matches. The latter quantity is defined as the length of the regular expression excluding operators  , divided by its kvalue . This expression can be evaluated to a mathematical formula which represents any arbitrary reachability property. In order to translate an extended selection operation u7 ,ee into a regular algebraic expression  , we have to break down the operation into parts  , thereby reducing the complexity of the selection predicate $. Future work will employ full multi-lingual and diverse temporal expression tagging  , such as that provided by HeidelTime 11  , to improve coverage and accuracy. Daws' approach is restricted to formulae without nested probabilistic operators and the outcoming regular expression grows quickly with the number of states composing the DTMC n logn . Given a regular expression pattern and a token sequence representing the web page  , a nondeterministic  , finite-state automaton can be constructed and employed to match its occurrences from the string sequences representing web pages. We experimentally address the question of how many example strings are needed to learn a regular expression with crx and iDTD. By precalculating the path expression  , we do not have to perform the join at query time. If we could store the results of following the path expression through a more direct path shown in Figure 2b  , the join could be eliminated: SELECT A.subj FROM predtable AS A  , WHERE A.author:wasBorn = ''1860'' Using a vertically partitioned schema  , this author:wasBorn path expression can be precalculated and the result stored in its own two column table as if it were a regular property. The expression E is then evaluated to determine whether or not a data flow anomaly exists. To estimate the selectivity of a query path expression using a summarized path tree  , we try to match the tags in the path expression with tags in the path tree to find all path tree nodes to which the path expression leads. For example  , for the context Springfield  , IL  , we would include in its corresponding sub-collection all the documents where Springfield and IL are mentioned and only spaces or commas are in between  , however  , a document would not be valid if  , besides Springfield  , IL  , it also contains Springfield  , FL. The operator  , called Topic Closure  , starts with a set X of topics  , a regular expression of metalink types  , and a relation M representing metalinks M involving topics  , expands X using the regular expression and metalink axioms  , and terminates the closure computations selectively when " derived " sideway values of newly " reached " topics either get sufficiently small or are not in the top-k output tuples. That is  , the derived topic importance values get smaller than a threshold V t or are guaranteed not to produce top-k-ranking output tuples. Let lt and ls be two leaf nodes matched by two distinct tokens t and s. The node a that is the deepest common ancestor of lt and ls defines a regular expression that matches t and s. The complete procedure for generating an URL pattern is described in Figure 7  , where the symbol "  " is used to denote the string concatenation operation. Now  , let us consider the evaluation of assertions which involve the use of the PATH-IS function. If there happen to be seven consecutive ups in the history  , SVL will report this single subsequence of length 7 whereas the regular expression would report six different largely overlapping subsequences; there would be three subsequences of length 5  , two subsequences of length 6  , as well as the entire subsequence of length 7. If a regular expression matched one or more paragraphs  , those paragraphs were extracted for further feature engineering. To infer a DTD  , for example  , it suffices to derive for every element name n a regular expression describing the strings of element names allowed to occur below n. To illustrate  , from the strings author title  , author title year  , and author author title year appearing under <book> elements in a sample XML corpus  , we could derive the rule book → author + title year ? that map type names to regular expressions over pairs at  of element names a and type names t. Throughout the article we use the convention that element names are typeset in typewriter font  , and type names are typeset in italic. This led us to develop a dynamic substitution system  , whereby a generic regular expression was populated at runtime using the tagged contents of the sentence it was being applied to. The improvement in 16 requires n 3 arithmetic operations among polynomials  , performing better than 11 in most practical cases  , although still leading to a n logn long expression in the worst case. In the right-hand side expression of an assignment  , every identifier must either be a relation variable and have been previously assigned a relation  , or it must be a string variable and have been previously assigned a string  , or it must be an attribute that is quantified or occurs free. This is done by converting the distinguished paths of e1 and e2 to regular expressions  , finding their intersection using standard techniques 21  , and converting the intersection back to an XPath expression with the qualifiers from e1 and e2 correctly associated with the merged steps in the intersection. We can learn an extraction expression  , specifically the regular expression E 1 = α·table·tr·td·font * ·p * ·b·p * ·font *   , from these two paths. For example  , the candidate patterns for URL1 are http : Step 2: To determine whether a segment should be generalized  , we accumulate all candidate patterns over the URL database. Note that when these values get instantiated they behave as terminals. Question mark applied to an atom  , e.g. In addition the iterative method may be used in conjunction with the prime program decomposition to find the data flow value for those prime programs for which the regular expression has not been pre- computed. The function stop_xss removes these three cases with the regular expression replacements on lines 531  , 545  , and 551  , respectively. The domain specification is a regular expression whose atoms are ADTs in the library or ADT instantiation parameters of the ADT being defined. Let us assume that the attack pattern for this vulnerability is specified using the following regular expression Σ * < Σ * where Σ denotes any ASCII character. For automatic relevance labels we use the available regular expression answer patterns for the TREC factoid questions. result page  , but depending on the scenario more powerful languages may be needed that take the DOM tree structure of the HTML or even the layout of the rendered page into account. The designated start symbol has only one type associated with it. To summarize  , we propose to replace the UPA and EDC constraint in the XML Schema specification by the robust notion of 1PPT. One of the first works to address abusive language was 21  which used a supervised classification technique in conjunction with n-gram  , manually developed regular expression patterns  , contextual features which take into account the abusiveness of previous sentences. This step uses Bro 27  , whose signature matching engine generates a signature match event when the packet payload matches a regular expression that is specified for a particular rule. Christensen  , Møller and Schwartzbach developed a string analyzer for Java  , which approximates the value of a string expression with a regular language 7. Unrestricted templates are extremely powerful  , but there is a direct relationship between a template's power and its ability to entangle model and view. This would also allow to attach other messaging back-ends such as the Java Messaging Service JMS or REST based services 11. This operation eliminates redundant central servers without compromising their coverage  , and thus reduces the total number of signatures and consequently computationally expensive  , regular expression matching operations. We have shown that the regular expression signatures have a very low false positive rate when compared to a large number of high reputation sites. If we enclose lower-level patterns in parentheses followed by the symbol " * "   , the pattern becomes a union-free regular expression without disjunction  , i.e. states from which no final states can be reached. The second part of the regular expression corresponds to random English words added by the attacker to diversify the query results. Transitions t chk0 and t chk1 detect the condition under which the matching cannot continue e.g. The developer can begin investigating efficiency in an implementation of the OBSERVER pattern using this kind of query by searching for the regular expression *efficien* to capture nouns involved with both efficiency and inefficiency  , such as efficient  , efficiency  , inefficient  , and inefficiency. An obvious limitation of this presentation is a lack of context for a sentence matching a query. The user may also be able to assist in narrowing down the alphabet used for obtaining the basic regular expression library. It would be easy to retrieve that path by using an appropriate regular expression over the name property in each label e.g. Typically  , ÅÅØØØ first chooses a set of paths that match some regular expression  , then the paths are collapsed  , and a property is coalesced from the collapsed paths. However  , if the specified transforms are directly applied on the input data  , many transforms such as regular-expression-based substitutions and some arithmetic expressions cannot be undone unambiguously – there exist no " compensating " transforms. XTM includes three search functionalities to address the needs of a real-world search system: exact matching  , approximate matching  , and regular expression matching. The result was a large number of question classes with very few instances in them. Finally  , it produces and returns the resulting regular expression based on case 4 line 17. loading a page from its URL  , with a 'caching page loader'  , and respectively finding list of URLs from a page with a 'link finder'  , itself an instantiation of a domain-tailored regular expression matching service but we do not show this decomposition. The following are 2 examples of such patterns for age and  , respectively  , ethnicity classification: We were able to determine the ethnicity of less than 0.1% users and to find the gender of 80%  , but with very low accuracy . We use regular expression and query patterns or incorporate user-supplied scripts to match and create terms. In more complex cases  , methods of machine learning can be deployed to infer entity annotation rules. Despite its relatively short history  , eXist has already been successfully used in a number of commercial and non-commercial projects. The matching check is performed using a non-deterministic finite state machine FSM technique similar to that used in regular expression matching 26. Each secondary structure is input to the FSM one character at a time until either the machine enters a final matching state or it is determined that the input sequence does not match the query sequence. The snapshot  , in contrast  , requires heavy computation even for TempIndex. These common data types are used across different domains and only require one-time static setup– e.g. The highways themselves are defined to be paths over section M@!LEtWltidythe~~behiaddrekeywordoSiS a regular expression &fining a path type which in turn describesasetofpathsofthedambasegraph. Pathtypes alemaeintereshingwheadiff~ttofedgesoccluin agraph. Wewillseeexamplesandamoreprecisedefinition below. The rule based systems use manually built rules which are usually encoded in terms of regular expression grammars supplemented with lists of abbreviations  , common words  , proper names  , etc. We then extracted noun phrases by running a shallow part of speech tagger191  , and labeling as a noun phrase any groups of words of length less than six which matched the regular expression NounlAdjective*Noun. For purposes of this research white space is any character matching the regular expression " \s " as defined in the Java pattern class. For the non-number entities  , a regular expression is used for each class to search the text for entities. The product class  , in itself  , is a heterogeneous mix of multiple classes  , depending on the categories they belong to. Once a question class and a knowledge source have been determined  , regular expression patterns that capture the general form of the question must be written. character also deenes a sentence boundary unless the word token appears on a list of 206 common abbreviations or satisses the following awk regular expression: ^A-Za-zzz. A-Za-zzz.+||A-ZZ.||A-Zbcdfghj-np-tvxzz++.$$ The tokenizing routine is applied to each of the top ranked documents to divide it into "sentences". This years' performance reects the addition of the automated expression system  , and the corresponding increase in the 4  , which we feel would be a benecial addition to the overall system architecture. They are comprised of cascades of regular expression patterns   , that capture among other things: base noun phrases  , single-level  , two-level  , and recursive noun phrases  , prepositional phrases  , relative clauses  , and tensed verbs with modals. We use a regular expression pattern to test if the document text contains parts that might be geo-coordinates  , but are not marked up accordingly. One of the learned lessons of the previous experiments was that the regular expression RegExp substitutions are a very succinct  , efficient  , maintainable  , and scalable method to model many NL subtasks of the QA task. Question parsing and generating full questions is based on regular expression rewriting rules. We tag entities using a regular expression tagger  , a trie-based tagger and a scalable n-gram tagger 14. The regular expression states that a noun phrase can be a combination of common noun  , proper noun and numeral  , which begins with common or proper noun. These searching functions are rarely used on the Internet environment; the improvement is seldom used in the Internet. We then ran the test concretely with each segment as the input file and compared its result with the result of the known correct version of grep on the same segment and the same regular expression. We identified the segment on which the two outputs differed. Observe that this pattern of object creation  , method invocation and field accesses  , summarized as Regex. Matchstring; if getMatch. Success { getMatch. Groups }  , is a common way to use the Match type: the Match. Groups field is only relevant if the input string matched the regular expression  , given by the field Match. Success. To avoid ambiguity  , we insist that an atom in a domain specification be mentioned at most once. We have also manually investigated many of the signatures and found that they appear to be malicious. Initial template is constructed based on structure of one page and then it is generalized over set of pages by adding set of operators   , if the pages are structurally dissimilar. These properties may be written in a number of different specification formalisms  , such as temporal logics  , graphical finite-state machines  , or regular expression notations  , depending on the finite-state verification system that is being employed. Although there are sometimes theoretical differences in the expressive power of these languages  , these differences are rarely encountered in practice. Method gives access to the methods provided by a compo- nent. These queries range from retrieving all features of an instance to fine-grained queries like searching for all methods that have a particular return type and whose names match a regular expression. Their work is similar to the CA-FSM presented in this paper  , but they handle a wider class of queries  , including those with references. Once all chapter3 elements and figure elements are found  , those two element sets can be joined to produce all qualified chapter3-figure element pairs. The first string of the pattern i.e. If a participant performed a pattern-level query either a regular expression search or a node expansion on a node that was not included in the link level  , the corresponding dot is shown within the pattern-level only. Expansion of pattern level nodes in the link level are shown in the upper link level area. We check every answer's text body  , and if the text matches one of the answer patterns  , we consider the answer text to be relevant  , and non-relevant otherwise. For example  , a simple choice would be to define the start of each attribute that needs to be extracted by evaluating a regular expression on the HTML of the Yahoo! The linked geo data extension is implemented in Triplify by using a configuration with regular expression URL patterns which extract the geo coordinates  , radius and optionally a property with associated value and insert this information into an SQL query for retrieving corresponding points of interest. Densityr #regex successes rate 0.0  , 0.2  Experiments on partially covering samples. Each rule is structured as: Pattern  , Constraint  , Priority  , where Pattern is a regular expression containing a causality connector  , Constraint is a syntactic constraint on the sentence on which the pattern can be applied  , and Priority is the priority of the rule if several rules can be matched. Thus  , the crawler follows more links from relevant pages which are estimated by a binary classifier that uses keyword and regular expression matchings. If the content of a file is needed for character string operations such as a regular expression operation with the preg_match extension  , an FTCS object actually reads the file and stores its content in a form similar to an ordinary character string object. Example 7 illustrates this for geo-coordinates; we have used the same approach for dates. Summary. The Litowski files contain two pieces of information useful to evaluation: the documents from which answers are derived  , and an answer " pattern "   , expressed as a regular expression  , that maps to a specific answer or set of answers that can be found in the relevant documents. Parsing the topic question into relevant entities was done using a set of hand crafted regular expressions. The next step  , they ranked the entity based on similarity of the candidate entities and the target entity. To handle this 1-n generation  , we found it convenient to code the set of candidate answers using a regular expression. At the third step  , based on normalization dictionary Qnorm dic and WordNet  , each word in a question is converted into LSP code to be matched with the condition part of LSP grammar by regular expression. " Part-of-speech groups in close proximity to the answer  , which correlate to the question text are kept to ensure the meaning is retained: We then generalise the string to a suitable regular expression  , by removing stopwords and inserting named entity classes where appropriate. An approach that requires substantial manual knowledge engineering such as creating/editing an ontology  , compiling/revising a lexicon  , or crafting regular expression patterns/grammar rules is obviously limited in its accessibility  , especially if such work has to be repeated for every collection of descriptions. One of the learned lessons of the previous experiments was that the regular expression RegEx substitutions are a very succinct  , efficient  , maintainable  , and scalable method to model many NL subtasks of the QA task. For voice and plctures  , however  , patterns are not easy to detlne and they often require compllcated and tlmd oonsumlng pattern recognltlon technlauss rRsdd76. Instead  , our approach maps a recursive navigation into a function call to a structurally recursive function by means of the translation method presented in 3 for a regular path expression. For example  , we can think of a query //title as a nondeterministic finite automaton depicted in Figure 8  , and define two structurally recursive functions from the automaton. Recall that X is the source variable  , Y is the sink variable   , and the variables in v are the regular expression variables. A consequence of this is that all regular expression variables appear in the head of any base rule. The white space features:  At least four consecutive white space characters are found in data rows  , separating row headers from data  , and in titles that are centered. Other approaches such as D2RQ offer a limited set of built-in functions e.g. Another ap- proach 19 is to learn regular expression-like rules for data in each column and use these expressions to recognize new examples. For example  , the rewriting rule In some patterns  , the answer type is represented by one of the match constituents in the regular expression instead of one of the standard types  , e.g. Table 3shows our findings for the protein ferredoxin protein data bank ID 1DUR  , formerly 1FDX that shows two occurrences of this pattern. Documents were only allowed to appear in one category. When preparing a dynamic aspect  , the expression of the pointcut as well as the content of the interceptor depends on the type of the role interactions. In 2  Angluin showed that the problem of learning a regular expression of minimum size from positive and negative examples is NP-complete. No data type exists to speak of  , with the exception of strings  , whitespace-free strings  , and enumerations of strings. We download the unique web pages of deleted questions in our experimental dataset and employ a regular expression to extract this information. In spite of its reasonably acceptable performance  , it has an important drawback as a relevant page on the topic might be hardly reachable when this page is not pointed by pages relevant to the topic. Second  , automatically checking program outcomes requires a testing oracle  , which is often not available in practice  , and end-users should not be expected to provide it. propose a refinement of the approach presented in 11 for reachability formulae which combines state space reduction techniques and early evaluation of the regular expression in order to improve actual execution times when only a few variable parameters appear in the model. The next section discuss some properties of A; after which two methods of using A are presented that do not require that the regular expression for the paths be computed explicitly. However  , when one knows the primes that make up the program in advance such as with a gotoless programming language  , there is no need to compute the regular expression explicitly . A particular value in the value set is obtained by selecting an ADT for each generic type parameter and a value for each generic value parameter  , expanding the regular expression so that it contains only atoms  , and replacing each atom with a value instance from its ADT. This may be explained by Teleport's incorporation of both HTML tag parsing and regular expression-matching mechanisms  , as well as its ability to statically parse Javascripts and to generate simple form submission patterns for URL discovery. Note that we used a similar approach for Gnutella and Kazaa which both use the HTTP protocol for their data transfer. In addition to finding packets which identify a particular connection as belonging to a particular P2P application the classifier also maintains an accounting state about each TCP connection. For most locations that correspond to instances of simple types  , the constraints associated with a location can be represented as a regular expression most facets in XML Schema can be represented in this manner. In normalization   , we just directly fill the key with the related value. More specifically  , property-path expressions are regular expressions over properties edge labels in the graph. The document in the IFRAME is tiny:  This code assumes the existence of a get_secret function   , which can be implemented in a few lines of code that performs a regular expression match on document.cookie. In cases where only some of the domains in the certificate are served on this IP  , it is necessary to configure an explicit default host similar to the one given in Figure 10. For example the template page can be parsed by the legacy wiki engine page parser and " any character sequence " blocks or more specific blocks like " any blank character "  can be inserted where appropriate. So we use the following approach: We run the seed regular expression on the corpus and require occurrence of at least one seed term. The specification /abc|xyz/ is a regular expression representing the set of strings {abc  , xyz}. The table shows that the class of context-free languages is closed for a large proportion of the functions in PHP and thus they can be eliminated from a grammar. Also by merging smaller MDNs  , we increase the number of URLs corresponding to each central server  , which helps to generate more generic signatures. Third  , we identify features of signal clusters that are independent of any particular topic and that can be used to effectively rank the clusters by their likelihood of containing a disputed factual claim. Template similar to 1  , is a tree-based regular expression learnt over set of structures of pages within a site. Extensions to regular expression search would also be of interest. The most-matched rule is a long regular expression with many alternations that resulted in 56% of the rule matches. One version of the regular expression search-and-replace program replace limited the maximum input string to length 100 but the maximum allowed pattern to only 50. To select relevant portions of the DPRG to view to aid with the task at hand  , a developer can use two kinds of query operations: regular expression searching  , and node expan- sion. The results of the query also included the information that certain timeout values were involved in the non-blocking implementation. While those approaches also feature the negation of events  , precedence and timing constraints  , we believe that visual formalisms like V T S are better suited for expressing requirements . For custom parameterizations like the regular expression inference discussed above  , the user must define the cardinality function based on the parameterization. To be truly general-purpose  , a model management facility would need to factor out the inferencing engine module that can manipulate these expressions  , so that one could plug different inferencing engines into the facility. Bigrams  , with tagging .60 Results with the language model can be improved by heuristically combining the three best scoring models above unigrams with no tagging and the two bigram models.  Regular-Expression Matching: XTM provides the ability to search for text that matches a set of rules or patterns  , such as looking for phone numbers  , email addresses  , social-security numbers   , monetary values  , etc. For example  , query select project.#.publication selects all of the publications reachable from the project node via zero or more edges. The basic text substrings  , such as the target or named entities  , are recognized using regular expressions and replaced with an angle-bracket-delimited expression. We are continuing to study alternatives to this basic XPath expression  , such as using regular expressions  , allowing query expansion using synonyms  , and weighting the importance of terms. A gender-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for identification of patient's gender mentioned in visits. This is illustrated in Figure 7we see that both domain-tailored regular expression matching and an instance of the domain-trained IE system Amilcare 5 will be used side-by-side  , Amilcare learning from the successfully validated instances produced by the former. In the first step  , they utilized the 'target entity to retrieve web documents  , and then by using regular expression they retrieved the candidates from the text of the web documents. We have implemented all documented tgrep functions in our engine and have additionally implemented both regular expression matching of nodes and reflection-based runtime specification of predicate functions . — The TOMS automatically constructs a recognize function by using a pattemmatcher driven by a user's regular expression13. 0 Theorem 2.1 is a rather negative result  , since it implies that queries might require time which is exponential in the size of the db-graph  , not only the regular expression   , for their evaluation. The regular expression occurring in this query has an equivalent automaton with three states: the three regions correspond precisely to these states. View maintenance will be done differently after an update in region Rl than after updates in regions R2 or R3 respectively. In this respect  , the sink variable and regular expression variables play similar roles in that they appear in the same position in both the head of each rule and the IDB predicate in the body. A look at the Java-code indicates that Trang is related to but different from crx: it uses 2T-INF to construct an automaton  , eliminates cycles by merging all nodes in the same strongly connected component   , and then transforms the obtained DAG into a regular expression. This helps us encode certain type of trails as a regular expression over an alphabet. This artificial method can generate a new field sub-document which does not exist in actual multi-field document  , which is equivalent to increasing the statistical weight for some attributed texts  , and such texts often have an explicit optimal TC rule. The result shows that the structure completely supports regular expression functions and the Snort rule set at the frequency of 3.68GHz. Any regular expression is allowed; this can be simply a comma or slash for a split pattern or more complex expressions for a match pattern. However  , in OCR  , character : was often read as i or z. Luckily  , being a specialized domain with rigid conventions for writing   , e.g. This still left the problem of semantic disambiguation; in this case this concerned named entity recognition of persons  , places  , and military units. The main idea in the rule-based name recognition tool is to first search for full names within the text at hand. by enumeration  , via a regular expression  , or via ad hoc operators specific to text structure such as proximity  , positional and inclusion operators for instance  , in the style of the model for text structure presented in 14. Machine learning systems treat the SBD task as a classification problem  , using features such as word spelling  , capitalization  , sumx  , word class  , etc. DeLa discovers repeated patterns of the HTML tags within a Web page and expresses these repeated patterns with regular expression. RELATEDNESS QUERIES RQ A relatedness query is a connected directed graph the nodes and edges of which may be unlabeled and at least one of the edges is labeled with a regular expression over relationship labels. The extractor is implemented as a module that can be linked into other information integration systems. Such a template can be converted to a non deterministic regular expression by replacing hole markers with blocks of " any character sequence " which would be . The input of the system is a set of HTTPTraces  , which will be described in the following sections  , and the output is a set of regular expression signatures identifying central servers of MDNs. For an MDN with one or more central servers  , the third component generates regular expression signatures based on the URLs and also conducts signature pruning. For each question  , TREC provides a set of document identifiers which answer it  , a regular expression which the participant has to match to score  , and sometimes  , a snippet from the document that contains the answer. In brief  , template is a generalized tree-based regular expression over structure of pages seen till now. ' In the procedure for converting an SDTD into an XVPA defined in Theorem 1  , we chose a deterministic finite state automaton Dm corresponding to every regular expression dm. For temponym detection in text documents  , we adopt a similar approach and develop a rule-based system that uses similarity matching in a large dictionary of event names and known paraphrases. We present the rewrite rules in the order in which they are applied. The motivation for the definition of A stems from the desire to interpret the regular expressions for the paths through a program as an A expression. With these heuristics we aim for an accurate regular expression that is also simple and easy to understand. Grep takes a regular expression and a list of files and lists the lines of those files that match the pattern . When an aspect is enabled  , the display of any program text matched by the pattern is highlighted with the aspect's corresponding color. Since these SQL queries are derived from a single regular path expression  , they are likely to share many relational scans  , selections and joins. As shown in Figure 4  , each type of feature is represented by an interface that extends the IFeature interface. First the summary function of the call node must be computed from the regular expression for the arc language of the called prime program . Once a number has been located  , the following token is checked to see if the number can be further classified into a unit of measure. Applying a regular expression pattern   , such as " find capitalized phrases containing some numbers with length greater than two "   , on the text " The Nokia 6600 was one of the oldest models. " This was also observed in the context of lexical source-code transformations of arbitrary programming languages 2  , where it is an alternative to manipulations of the abstract syntax tree. Undoing these requires " physical undo "   , i.e. Our evaluation shows that TagAssist is able to provide relevant tag suggestions for new blog posts. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. In all  , we collected and analyzed 225 responses from a total of 10 different judges. The system takes a new  , untagged post  , finds other blog posts similar to it  , which have already been tagged  , aggregates those tags and recommends a subset of them to the end user. To evaluate TagAssist  , we used data provided to use by Technorati  , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. One of the interesting results from our human evaluation is the relevance score for the original tags assigned to a blog post. While TagAssist did not outperform the original tag set  , the performance is significantly better than the baseline system without tag compression and case evaluation. We are currently investigating techniques to identify these effectively tagged blog posts and hope to incorporate it into future versions of TagAssist. λ1 and λ2 are two trade-off parameters that explore the relative importance of classification results in the source domain and the target domain. ω k denotes the combination parameters for each term with emotion e k   , and can be estimated by maximizing log-likelihood function with L2 i.e. However  , best-first search also has some problems. The first query delivers already the best possible results only. For searching in the implicit C-space  , any best-first search mechanism can be applied. The best 900 rules  , as measured by extended Laplace accuracy  , were saved. The pruning comes in three forms. Admissible functions are optimistic. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first approach towards comprehensive context modeling for context-aware search. 4 Experiments on the search results of a commercial search engine well validated its effectiveness. The technique is applied to a graph representation of the octree search space  , and it performs a global search through the graph. Both the search engine and the crawler were not built specifically for this application. First  , the current best partial solution is expanded its successors are added to the search graph by picking an unexpanded search state within the current policy. The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. We chose these two benchmark systems because Google is currently known as the best general search engine and NanoSpot is currently one of the best NSE domain-specific search engines. Search terminates when no new ps maybeopenedor~only remainingcandidatep: ,iSthe desired destinetionp~ itself. A reformulation node is chosen based on a modified form of best-first search. To the best of our knowledge  , XSeek is the first XML keyword search engine that automatically infers desirable return nodes to form query results. First the parameter space was coarsely gridded with logarithmic spacing.  Results: It presents experimental results from SPR and Prophet with different search spaces. We first obtain the ground-truth of search intents for each eventdriven query. Due to the space limitations  , the details are omitted here. In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. Here  , we present MQSearch: a realization of a search engine with full support for measured information. The findings can help improve user interface design for expert search. However  , Backward expanding search may perform poorly w.r.t. Typical state lattice planners for static domains are implemented using a best-first search over the graph such as A* or D*-lite. The search attention is always concentrated on the current node unless it is abandoned according to the pruning criteria. Best first searches are a subset of heuristic search techniques which are very popular in artificial intelligence. In this work  , we first classify search results  , and then use their classifications directly to classify the original query. Notice also that we have chosen to search " worsefirst   , " rather than to search " best-first. " The simulated search scenario for ENA task was as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first time that an entertainment-based search task is simulated in this way. Furthermore  , the OASIS search technique employs a best-first A* search strategy as it descends the suffix tree. We first perform a best-first-search in the graph from the node containing the initial position tc the node containing the goal. Using the best individual from the first run as the basis for a second evolutionary run we evolved a trot gait that moves at 900cm/min. Next  , state values and best action choices are updated in a bottom-up manner  , starting from the newly expanded state. Browsing a " best " set required using the application's pull-down menu to open files from the hard disk. System B scored best when respondents reacted to the third statement  , about search outcome 24-score mean: 1.46  , and scored almost as well on the first statement 24score mean: 1.50. Then  , we use the generic similarity search model two times consecutively  , to first find the best candidate popular patterns and second locate the best code examples. If the goal t for finite search spacar $ &t first fiche csns.s some depth first search at the most promising node and if a solution is not found  , thii node soon becomes less promising zu compared to 8ome other aa yet unexplored node which is then expanded and subsequently explored. Based on our experiments  , we find that our system enables broad crosslingual support for a wide variety of location search queries  , with results that compare well with the best monolingual location search providers. Nevertheless  , since this work is the first step toward our final goal  , our model is yet to cover all the aspects of location-based social search. Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages.  We present an experimental evaluation  , demonstrating that our approach is a promising one. It performs a best-first search of a graph of possible foot placements to explore sequences of trajectories. The increase in search space can also be seen in the size of the resulting lattice. TREC 2005 was the first year for the enterprise track  , which is an outgrowth of previous years' web track tasks. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first work to apply federated IR techniques in the context of entity search. This can be achieved by applying the negative logarithm to the original multiplicative estimator function Eq. For example   , a topic-focused best-first crawler 9 retrieves only 94 Movie search forms after crawling 100 ,000 pages related to movies. During a search  , the crawler only follows links from pages classified as being on-topic. Furthermore  , to the best of our knowledge  , SLIDIR is the first system specifically designed to retrieve and rank synthetic images. Best first searches combine the advantages of heuristics with other blind search techniques like DFS and BFS $. Traditionally  , test collections are described as consisting of three components: topics  , documents and relevance judgments 5. Academic search engines have become the starting point for many researchers when they draft research manuscripts or work on proposals. A best first search without backtracking should be effective if the pedestrian templates we take distribute averagely. In this paper  , we presented two methods for collection ranking of distributed knowledge repositories. The candidate graph G c is a directed graph containing important associations of variables where the redundancy of associations should be minimized. In order to use established best-first search approaches  , we need to make the heuristic function both additive and positive. This global view is a map of the search results over geographic space. Within the class of heuristic searches  , R* is somewhat related to K-best-first search 20. The latter limits the number of successors for each expanded state to at most K states. For the first encounter  , we search the best matching scans. Another group of related work is graph-based semi-supervised learning. Although other work has explored dwell time  , to the best of our knowledge this is the first work to use dwell time for a large scale  , general search relevance task. This paper provides a first attempt to bridge the gap between the two evolving research areas: procedural knowledge base and taskoriented search. In order to describe the search routines  , it is useful to first describe the search space in which they work. Given a user query  , we first determine dynamically appropriate weights of visual features  , to best capture the discriminative aspects of the resulting set of images that is retrieved. The page classifier guides the search and the crawler follows all links that belong to a page whose contents are classified as being on-topic. However  , the internal crawl is restricted to the webpages of the examined site. In our first attempt we did a plain full text keyword search for labels and synonyms and created one mapping for the best match if there was one. Using best-first search  , SCUP generates compositions for WSC problems with minimal cost of violations of the user preferences. A recent work 30 also propose to incorporate content salience into predicting user attention on SERPs. Secondly  , we would like to establish whether term frequency  , as modelled by the TP distribution  , represents useful additional information. The best-first planning BFP inethod 9 is adopted to search points with the minimum potential. Since the object inference may not be perfect  , multiple correspondences are allowed. The second criterion considers different kinds of relationships between an input query and its suggestions. The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. Users rely on search engines not only to return pages related to their search query  , but also to separate the good from the bad  , and order results so that the best pages are suggested first. To the best of our knowledge   , this is the first criterion that compares the search result quality of the input query and its suggestions. As partial matches are computed   , the search also computes an upper-bound on the cost of matching the remaining portion of the query. Currently  , the search engine-crawler symbiosis is implemented using a search engine called Rosetta 5 ,4 and a Naive Best-First crawler 14 ,15. For each top ranked search result  , they performed a limited breadth first search and found that searching to a distance of 4 resulted in the best performance. This is essentially a single-pair search for n constrained paths through a graph with n nodes. The first query is a general term  , by which the user is searching for the best coffee in Seattle area; whereas the second query is used to search for a coffee shop chain named as Seattle's Best Coffee which was originated from Seattle but now has expanded into other cities as well. The first task corresponds to an end-user task where focused retrieval answers are grouped per document  , in their original document order  , providing access through further navigational means. In this section we present experimental results for search with explicit and implicit annotations. Our first experiment investigates the differences in retrieval performance between LSs generated from three different search engines. In DAFFODIL the evaluation function is given by degree centrality measuring the number of co-authorships of a given actor  , i.e. Such a path is expected to provide the best opportunity for the machine to place its feet while moving with a certain gait over a rough terrain. In our experiments  , we observe that adding the author component tends to improve the recommendation quality better so we first tune α  , which yields different f-scores  , as shown by the blue curve in Fig. In the beginning we consider the first k links from each search engine  , find the permutation with highest self-similarity  , record it  , remove the links selected from candidate sets  , and then augment them by the next available links k + 1. As we shall discuss  , this Web service is only usable for specific goal instances – namely those that specify a city wherein the best restaurant in French. Over the past decade  , the Web has grown exponentially in size. Since the only task was to perform a real time ad hoc search for the track  , we decided that the task would be best suited by using a traditional search methodology. Financial data  , such as macro-economic indicator time series for countries  , information about mergers and acquisition M&A deals between companies  , or stock price time series  , is typically stored in relational databases  , requiring domain expertise to search and retrieve. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that incorporates tight lower bounding and upper bounding distance function and DWT as well as triangle inequality into index for similarity search in time series database. The idea of heuristic best-first search is to estimate which nodes are most promising in the candidate set and then continue searching in the way of the most promising node. 2 We make our search system publicly accessible for enabling further research on and practical applications for web archives. By taking advantage of the best-first search  , the search space is effectively pruned and the top-k relevant objects are returned in an incremental manner. Description: Given this situation  , this person needs to first scan the whole system to identify the best databases for one particular topic  , then conduct a systematic search on those databases on a specific topic. Our results explain their finding by showing that relevant documents are found within a distance of 5 or are as likely to be found as non-relevant documents. For fuzzy search  , we compute records with keywords similar to query keywords  , and rank them to find the best answers. With an in-depth study to analyze the impacts of saliency features in search environment  , we demonstrate visual saliency features have a significant improvement on the performance of examination prediction. Since the pioneering work of Agrawal 1 and Faloutsos 2  , there emerged many fruit of research in similarity search of time series. Thus  , it is most beneficial for the search engine to place best performing ads first. If additional speed is required from the graph search it may be possible to use a best first approach or time limit the search. Launching an image search required first launching a text search or " best " browse that displayed the resulting thumbnails  , and then dragging and dropping a thumbnail into the upper left pane. The GBRT reranker is by far the best  , improving by over 33% the precision of UDMQ  , which achieved the highest accuracy among all search engines participating in the MQ09 competition. The central contribution of this work is the observation that a perfect document ranking system does not necessarily lead to an upper-bound expert search performance. Thus  , to efficiently maintain an up-to-date collection of hidden-Web sources  , a crawling strategy must perform a broad search and simultaneously avoid visiting large unproductive regions of the Web. If the individual rankings of the search engines are perfect and each search engine is equally suited to the query  , this method should produce the best ranking. To the best of our knowledge  , our work is the first to establish a collaborative Twitter-based search personalization framework and present an effective means to integrate language modeling  , topic modeling and social media-specific components into a unified framework. This paper describes a preliminary  , and the first to the best of our knowledge  , attempt to address the interesting and practical challenge of a search engine duel. Since OASIS always expands the node at the head of the priority queue  , it is a best-first search technique like A*. This approach is suitable for building a comprehensive index  , as found in search engines such as Google or AltaVista. Another approach which is currently being investigated is to merge the graph built on the previous run of the Navigator with the one currently being built. Several research studies 21  , 1  , 5  , 28 highlighted the value of roles as means of control in collaborative applications . To our best knowledge  , we are among the first to adopt visual saliency information in predicting search examination behavior. To our best knowledge  , we are the first to use visual saliency maps in search scenario. In the remainder of this paper  , Section 2 discusses related work on expert search and association models. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first study to evaluate the impact of SSD on search engine cache management. When more than one task is returned from the procedural knowledge base  , we need to determine which task is the best fit for the user's search intent. We extract the search result pages belong to Yelp 2   , TripAdvisor 3 and OpenTable 4 from the first 50 results. When searching for syllabi on a generic search engine the best case scenario is that the first handful of links returns the most popular syllabi and the rest of them are not very relevant. The first is Best- First search  , which prioritizes links in the frontier based on the similarity between the query and the page where the link was found. of the measure we want to minimize for configurations inside this cell  , weighted by the average probability for all cells of the graph. Best-first search which uses admissible function  , finds the first goal node that is also the optimal one. The TREC topics are real queries  , selected by editors from a search engine log. In this paper we aim to learn from positive and negative user interactions recorded in voice search logs to mine implicit transcripts that can be used to train ASR models for voice queries first contribution . Ours is also the first to provide an in-depth study of selecting new web pages for recommendations. One of the first focused web crawlers was presented by 8 which introduced a best-first search strategy based on simple criteria such as keyword occurrences and anchor texts. Focused crawling  , on the other hand  , attempts to order the URLs that have been discovered to do a " best first " crawl  , rather than the search engine's " breadth-first " crawl. " Beam-search is a form of breadth-first search  , bounded both in width W and depth D. We use parameters D = 4 to find descriptions involving at most 4 conjunctions  , and W = 10 to use only the best 10 hypotheses for refinement in the next level. Also  , it is very difficult to search for syllabi on a per-subject basis or restrict the search to just syllabi if one is looking for something specific—like how many syllabi use a certain text book for instance. The first run for list-questions selected the twelve best matching answers  , whereas the second and third run used our answer cardinality method Section 2.3  , to select the N-best answers. Because we did not have any ground truth for selecting among these alternatives in the first year of the track  , we instantiated a small crowdsourcing task on CrowdFlower  , 9 in which we showed the annotators questions from the final dry run  , with up to six answers from the six retrieval configurations when two or more methods returned the same answer  , we would show fewer than six options. Using the document option  , the user can browse through each document; information displayed includes the first lines of the documents  , the list of references cited in the paper  , the list of papers citing the document and the list of other related documents. Furthermore  , all of these search engines Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. 2 Based on the documents you've examined on the search result list  , please select the star rating that best reflects your opinion of the actual quality of the query subjects were presented with the 5-star rating widget. To our best knowledge  , this work is the first systematic study for BT on real world ads click-through log in academia. Such useful documents may then be ranked low by the search engine  , and will never be examined by typical users who do not look beyond the first page of results. 2 If the Web is viewed as a graph with the nodes as documents and the edges as hyperlinks  , a crawler typically performs some type of best-first search through the graph  , indexing or collecting all of the pages it finds. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to use a weighted-multiple-window-based approach in a language model for association discovery. Our primary contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first study that both proposes a theoretical framework for eliminating selection bias in personal search and provides an extensive empirical evaluation using large-scale live experiments. The second task  , namely prior art search  , consists of 1000 test patents and the task is to retrieve sets of documents invalidating each test patent. The first and simplest heuristic investigates estimates of search engine's page counts for queries containing the artist to be classified and the country name. Our contribution is three-fold: to the best of our knowledge  , this is a first attempt to i investigate diversity for event-driven queries  , ii use the stream of Wikipedia article changes to investigate temporal intent variance for event-driven queries 2   , and iii quantify temporal variance between a set of search intents for a topic. In this context  , the ontological reasoning provides a way to compute the heuristic cost of a method before decomposing it. The task we have defined is to travel to a destination while obeying gait constraints. The backtraclking method applies the last-in-first-out policy to node generation instead of node expansion. After the candidate scene is selected by the priority-rating strategy  , its SIFT features are stored in a kd-tree and the best-bin-first strategy is used to search feature matches. This research has been co-financed by the European Union European Social Fund ESF and Greek national funds through the Operational Program " Education and Lifelong Learning " of the National Strategic Reference Framework NSRF -Research Funding Program: Heracleitus II. In our experiments  , we test the geometric mean heuristicusinga twostageN-best rescoring technique: in the first stage  , the beam search is carried out to identify the top N candidates whose scores are consequently normalized by their word sequence lengths in the second stage. Increasing the candidate statements beyond 200 never increases the number of correct patches that are first to validate . By doing this  , we search for a unified set of latent factors that best explains both content and link structures simultaneously and seamlessly. She can ask the librarian's assistance with regards to the terminology and structure of the domain of interest  , or search the catalogue  , then she can browse the shelf that covers the topic of interest and pick the items that are best for the task at hand. Naturally  , an abundance of research challenges  , in addition to those we address here  , arise. This person needs to compare the descriptions of the contents of different databases in order to choose the appropriate ones. The problem of selection bias is especially important in the scenario of personal search where the personalized nature of information needs strongly biases the available training data. By applying A*  , a heuristic based best-first search is performed on the extended visibility graph. A simple breadth-first search is quite effective in discovering the topic evolution graphs for a seed topic Figure 4and Figure 5a. The subject is then allowed to use the simple combination method to do search for several times to find the best queries he/she deems appropriate. In the same vein  , there are several examples of navigational queries in the IBM intranet where the best result is a function of the geography of the user  , i.e. Additional documents are then retrieved by following the edges from the starting point in the order of a breadth first search. Note that although the first two baselines are heuristic and simple   , they do produce reasonable results for short-term popularity prediction  , thus forming competitive baselines see 29. We assess our techniques using query logs from a production cluster of a commercial search engine  , a commercial advertisement engine  , as well as using synthetic workloads derived from well-known distributions. The first task provides a set of expertdefined natural language questions of information needs also known as TS topics for retrieving sets of documents from a predefined collection that can best answer those questions. A control strategy such as that discussed earlier in this section can be put into the ASN as a "first guess'; that can be adjusted according to experience. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first studying the relation between long-term web document persistence and relevance for improving search effectiveness. Ranked retrieval test collections support insightful  , explainable  , repeatable and affordable evaluation of the degree to which search systems present results in best-first order. ARRANGER works as follows: First  , the best ranking functions learned from the training set are stored and the rest are discarded. The system eliminates the pixels in the masked region from the calculation of the correlation of the large template Fig.2left and determines the best match position of the template with the minimum correlation error in a search area. In the following discussion we focus on the first type of selection  , that is  , discovering which digital libraries are the best places for the user to begin a search. In this paper  , we present HAWK  , the to best of our knowledge first fullfledged hybrid QA framework for entity search over Linked Data and textual data. Analogously to a focused page crawler  , the internal crawler traverses the web using a best-first search strategy. In this paper  , we present a novel distributed keyword-based search technique over RDF data that builds the best k results in the first k generated answers. Users tend to reformulate their queries when they are not happy with search results 4. Since the first strategy in general produces the shortest key list for record retrieval  , it is usually but not always the best strategy in most sit- uations. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work addressing the issue of result diversification in keyword search on RDF data. A challenge in any search optimization including ours is deriving statistics about variables used in the model; we have presented a few methods to derive these statistics based on data and statistics that is generally available in search engines. More concretely  , our contributions are:  We propose a mechanism for expiring cache entries based on a time-to-live value and a mechanism for maintaining the cache content fresh by issuing refresh queries to back-end search clusters  , depending on availability of idle cycles in those clusters. Second  , we will study  , using well chosen parameters  , which searching scheme is the best for frequent k-n-match search. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt to infer the strength of document-person associations beyond authorship attribution for expert search in academia. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: in the next Section we introduce the related work  , before going on to describe the unique features of web image search user interfaces in Section 3. Note that  , because the probability of clicking on an ad drops so significantly with ad position  , the accuracy with which we estimate its CTR can have a significant effect on revenues. To the best of the authors' knowledge  , however  , our work is the first on automatically detecting queries representing specific standing interests   , based on users' search history  , for the purposes of making web page recommendations. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first characterization of this tradeoff. Our approach to the second selection problem has been discussed elsewhere6 ,7. Our experiments in section 3 are concerned with the manual search task on the TRECVID2002 and TRECVID2003 datasets. That is  , the first X documents are retrieved from the ranked list  , where X is the number which gives the best average effectiveness as measured by the E value. The main contributions of this paper are: 1 To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work on modeling user intents as intent hierarchies and using the intent hierarchies for evaluating search result diversity. The first purely statistical approach uses a compiled English word list collected from various available linguistic resources. We discretize each parameter in 5 settings in the range 0  , 1 and choose the best-performer configuration according to a grid search. Omohundro 1987 proposed that the first experience found in tlie k-d tree search should be used instead  , as it is probably close enough. This means that the program generated an optimal schedule with the same makespan in a much shorter time using function h2m. To the best of our knowledge  , this study is the first to address the practical challenge of keeping an OSN-based search / recommender system up-to-date  , a challenge that has become essential given the phenomenal growth rate of user populations in today's OSNs 2. In this section  , we first describe our experimental setting for predicting user participation in threads in Section 4.1. To our knowledge  , little research has explicitly addressed the problem of NP-query performance prediction. We are still left with the task of finding short coherent chains to serve as vertices of G. These chains can be generated by a general best-first search strategy. In this work  , we extend this line of work by presenting the first study  , to the best of our knowledge  , of user behavior patterns when interacting with intelligent assistants. In brief  , it does a best-first search from each node matching a keyword; whenever it finds a node that has been reached from each keyword  , it outputs an answer tree. The " stand-alone " approaches described above suffered from a key architectural drawback as pointed out by 40  , the first paper to propose an explicit workload model and also to use the query optimizer for estimating costs. In order to automatically create a 3D model of an unknown object  , first the workspace of the robot needs to be explored in search for the object. The corresponding operation times are given in Notice h2m reduced the number of iterations quite significantly  , i.e. One is that it is not necessarily optimal to simply follow a " best-first " search  , because it is sometimes necessary to go through several off-topic pages to get to the next relevant one. A search engine can assist a topical crawler by sharing the more global Web information available to it. To our best knowledge  , this is the first study of the extent to which an upper-bound limit of expert search performance is achievable when in presence of perfect document rankings. They do not report on the users' accuracy on the information-seeking tasks ad- ministered. To the best of our knowledge  , the SSTM is the first model that accommodates a variety of spatiotemporal patterns in a unified fashion. The resulting 1-best error rates decrease for the first three setups but stays around the same for the third and fourth. The performance of Rank-S depends on the CSI it uses  for the initial search in two ways: first  , the number of documents   , assuming that a larger CSI also causes a more accurate selection  , and second  , exactly which documents are sampled. To the best of knowledge  , this paper represents one of the first efforts towards this target in the information retrieval research community. Next  , while the inverted index was traditionally stored on disk  , with the predominance of inexpensive memory  , search engines are increasingly caching the entire inverted index in memory  , to assure low latency responses 12  , 15. A number of experiments were carried out aiming at reinforcing our understanding of query formulation  , search and post-hoc ranking for question answering. 2 We propose hierarchical measures using intent hierarchies   , including Layer-Aware measures  , N-rec  , LD♯-measures  , LAD♯-measures  , and HD♯-measures. Note that by construction there are no local minimain the potential field for each tixqi space. This results in a fast determination of the shortest distance paths  , which enable the robot to navigate safely in narrow passages as well as efficiently in open spaces. The experimental results here can bring the message " it is time to rethink about your caching management " to practitioners who have used or are planning to use SSD to replace HDD in their infrastructures. Later  , several papers such as 2 and 3 suggested to exploit measures for the importance of a webpage such as authority and hub ranks based on the link structure of the world-wide-web to order the crawl frontier. In our within-subjects design  , the set of 24 scores for each of the first 4 statements about System A was compared with the corresponding set of 24 scores for each statement about System B. As there are currently no commercial or academic crosslingual location search systems available  , we construct a baseline  , using our transliteration system and the commercial location search engines referred to as  , T + CS listed above  , as follows: we first transliterate each of the test queries in Arabic  , Hindi and Japanese to English using our transliteration engine  , and then send the four highest ranked transliteration candidates to the three commercial location search engines. For the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to provide entity-oriented search on the Internet Archive  , as the basis for a new kind of access to web archives  , with the following contributions: 1 We propose a novel web archive search system that supports entity-based queries and multilingual search. In order to combine the scores produced by different sources  , the values should be first made comparable across input systems 2  , which usually involves a normalization step 5. We specify the techniques in a first-order logic framework and illustrate the definitions by a running example throughout the paper: a goal specifies the objective of finding the best restaurant in a city  , and a Web service provides a search facility for the best French restaurant in a city. Definition 18. Our first research question examined the impact of non-uniform information access on the outcomes of CIR. Their best summarization method  , which first displayed keywords for a Web page followed by the most salient sentence  , was shown to reduce the users' search time as compared to other summarization schemes. The average AP curve for one of the clusters shows a low AP for the first best word while additional words do not greatly improve it. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first system combining natural language search and NLG for financial data. In summary  , the contributions of our work in this paper can be summarized as follows:  To the best of our knowledge  , we proposed the first time-dependent model to calculate the query terms similarity by exploiting the dynamic nature of clickthrough data. However  , for query optimization a lower bound estimate of the future costs is always based on the best case for each operation  , i.e. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work on developing a formal model for location-based social search that considers check-in information as well as alternative recommendation. A test image with unknown location is then assigned the location found by interpolating the locations of the most similar images. The second pass does not use template stepping and is a refinement step to select the best possible SAD from within the 2i by 2i region. For the second iteration  , we will consider links numbered 2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 from first engine  , 1 ,2 ,4 ,5 ,6 from the second one  , 1 ,2 ,4 ,5 ,6 from the third one and so on in selecting the next best similarity. In a rare study of this sort  , McCarn 9  , 10  , analyzing data of Pollitt 17 on searches of bibliographic databases  , found that a loss-based effectiveness measure was highly predictive of the amount of money a user stated they would be willing to pay for the search result. Re- search Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. the top tags in the ranked tag list are the keywords that can best describe the visual content of the query image  , the group will be found with high probability. Permission to copy without fee all or part of this material is granted provided that the copies are not made or distributed for direct commercial advantage  , the VLDB copyright notice and the title of the publication and its date appear  , and notice is given that copying is by permission of the Very Large Data Base Endowment. According to the best of our knowledge  , this is the first paper that describes an end-to-end system for answering fact lookup queries in search engines. First  , there seems to be almost no difference between the partial-match and the fuzzymatch runs in most cases  , which indicates that for INEX-like queries  , complex context resemblance measures do not significantly impact the quality of the results. The modular design of the ARMin robot that allows various combinations of proximal and distal arm training modes will also provide the platform for the search of the best rehabilitation practice. Thus  , identifying the most Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. The reason why we just use the directed version of the M-HD is that our goal is to check if a pedestrian similar to the template is in the image  , but the distance measure of the other direction may include the information about dissimilarity between non-pedestrian edges in the environment and our template image so that an unreasonable large amount of undirected M-HD occurs. Under-specified or ambiguous queries are a common problem for web information retrieval systems 2  , especially when the queries used are often only a few words in length. While automatic tag recommendation is an actively pursued research topic  , to the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to study in depth the problem of automatic and real-time tag recommendation  , and propose a solution with promising performance when evaluated on two real-world tagging datasets  , i.e. Recently  , the different types of Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Instead of determining the correct grid cell and returning the latitude/longitude of the cell's center  , a text-based twostep approach is proposed in 23: first  , the most likely area is found by a language modeling approach and within the found cell  , the best match images are determined by a similarity search. To the best of our knowledge  , Cupboard is the first system to put together all these functionalities to create an essential infrastructure component for Semantic Web developers and more generally  , a useful  , shared and open environment for the ontology community. Now  , having theoretically grounded – in an ontological key 23 – the initial  , basic notions -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are objects of the continuous and differentiable function of the Universe -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are equally motivated to strive to become better and/or the best I would like to pass on to the problem of the search for information  , having first formulated what information is. To copy otherwise  , to republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. Our approach is simple yet effective and powerful  , and as discussed later in Section 6  , it also opens up several aspects of improvements and future work aligned with the concept of facilitating user's search without the aid of query logs. In summary  , we have made the following contributions: i A new type of interaction options based on ontologies to enable scalable interactive query construction  , and a theoretical justification about the effectiveness of these options; ii A scheme to enable efficient generation of top-k structured queries and interaction options   , without the complete knowledge of the query interpretation space; iii An experimental study on Freebase to verify the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed approach; iv To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt to enable effective keyword-based query construction on such a large scale database as Freebase  , considering that most existing work on database keyword search uses only test sets of small schemas  , such as DBLP  , IMDB  , etc. In this way  , interactive query construction opens the world of structured queries to unskilled users  , who are not familiar with structured query languages  , without actually requiring them to learn such query language. Answers question page in the search results once seeing it.