£ View matching must be integrated with cost-based plan enumeration. However  , there are a number of requirements that differ from the traditional materialized view context. When tuples are deleted from a view or a relation  , the effect must be propagated to all " higher-level " views defined on the view/relation undergoing the deletion. First we illustrate the problem and its solution in the presence of hash indices or in the absence of indices on the materialized view. Thus  , for materialized views  , it may be adequate to limit support to a subclass of common operations where view substitution has a large query execution payoff. However  , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets and is different from the traditional method of using materialized views to answer queries. In the sequel all derived relations are assumed to be materialized  , unless stated otherwise. Thus  , an important question originally considered in TB88  , Hu96   , which was never raised in traditional view-maintenance work  , is to determine whether a view is maintainable  , that is  , guaranteed to have a unique new state  , given an update to the base relations   , an instance of the views  , and an instance of a subset of the base relations. A derived relation may be virtual  , which corresponds to the traditional concept of a view  , or materialized  , meaning that the relation resulting from evaluating the expression over the current database instance is actually stored. For example  , consider the following two queries: In general  , the design philosophy of our method is to achieve a reasonable balance between efficiency and detection capability. After enough information about previously-executed  , empty-result queries has been accumulated in C aqp   , our method can often successfully detect empty-result queries and avoid the expensive query execution. While view materialization is well understood for traditional relational databases  , it remains an active research for XML and RDF stores. Hence  , in certain cases  , the coverage detection capability of our method is more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method. Such situations never arise in traditional work on materialized view maintenance GM95  , Kuc91  , GMS93  , SJ96 where all the base data is usually assumed to be available . DBMSs are being used more and more for interactive exploration 7  , 14  , 37  , where users keep refining queries based on previous query results. In this section  , we illustrate the split group duplicate problem that arises if we ignore this subtle difference between materialized view maintenance and the " traditional " associative/commutative update problems studied by Korth Kor83 and others. Path finding and sub-paths in breadth-first search 3. Neither pattern is a true depth-first or breadthfirst search pattern. To be efficient and scalable  , Frecpo prunes the futile branches and narrows the search space sharply. Here we use breadth-first search. 6  holds the objects during the breadth-first search. In practice  , forward selection procedures can be seen as a breadth-first search. In the mathematical literature  , breadth first search Is typically preferred. and search the other subranges breadth-first. for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. The greedy pattern represents the depth-first behavior  , and the breadth-like pattern aims to capture the breadth-first search behaviors.   , vn−1}  , where the indices are consistent with a breadth-first numbering produced by a breadth-first search starting at node v0 1 see Section 3.4.1 for a formal definition. The depth-first search instead of the breadth-first search is used because many previous studies strongly suggest that a depth-first search with appropriate pseudo-projection techniques often achieves a better performance than a breadth-first search when mining large databases. In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. We first conduct a breadth-first or depth-first search on the graph. However  , best-first search also has some problems. We compute the discrete plan as a tree using the breadth first search. Tabels 1 and 2 show that the breadth first search is exhaustive it finds solutions with one step fewer re- grasps. This will not always be feasible in larger domains  , and intelligent search heuristics will be needed. This amounts to a breadth first search of the frequent itemsets on a lattice. CLOSET 11 and CLOSET+ 16 adopt a depth-first  , feature enumeration strategy. We restrict the training pages to the first k pages when traversing the website using breadth first search. A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. This simple method worked out well in our experiments. ; the maximal number of states between the initial state and another state when traversing the TS in breadth-first search BFS height; the number of transitions starting from a state and ending in another state with a lower level when traversing the TS in breadth-first search Back lvl tr. The resulting path will have the minimum nilinher of turns i n it by definition of breadth-first search. During our previous experiments 13  , a bidirectional breadth first search proved to be the most efficient method in practice for finding all simple paths up to certain hop limit. The breadth-first search weighted by its distance from the reference keyframe is performed  , and the visited keyframes are registered in the temporary global coordinate system. The objects in UpdSeedD ,l are not directly density-reachable from each other. Johnson generalized it to other surface representations  , including NURBS  , by using a breadth-first search 9. Since coverage tends to increase with sequence length  , the DFS strategy likely finds a higher coverage sequence faster than the breadth-first search BFS. This is done by recursively firing co-author search tactics. Then  , we navigate in a breadth-first search manner through this classification. Two cases have to be distinguished. Starting from a random public user  , we iteratively built a mutual graph of users in a Breadth First Search BFS manner. b Matched loop segments will be included in LBA as breadth-first search will active the keyframes. Then we do breadth first search from the virtual node. The CWB searches for subject keywords through a breadth-first search of the tree structure. It downloads multiple pages typically 500 in parallel. This is done by querying DBpedia's SPARQL endpoint for concepts that have a relation with the given concept. Therefore Lye have the following result. We generate plans that minimize worst-case length by breadth-first AND/OR search Akella  11. Then we compute the single source shortest path from y using breadth first search. For each node visited do the following. We augmented this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method. For parts with different push functions  , a breadth-first search planner can be used to find a sensorless plan when one exists. In a breadth-first search approach the arrangement enumeration tree is explored in a top-bottom manner  , i.e. Each of the initial seed SteamIDs was pushed onto an Amazon Simple Queue Service SQS queue. Stopping criterion. We augment this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method to identify the expanded dataset. The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. Moreover  , breadth first search will find a shortest path  , whereas depth first makes no guarantees about the length of the counter example it will find. In Section 3.6.1  , we show that breadthfirst search appears to be more efficient than depth-first search. If a crawl is started from a single seed  , then the order in which pages will be crawled tends to be similar to a breadth first search through the link graph 27 the crawl seldom follows pure breadth first order due to crawler requirements to obey politeness and robots restrictions . Although breadth-first search crawling seems to be a very natural crawling strategy  , not all of the crawlers we are familiar with employ it. The experiments reported used a breadth first search till maximum depth 3 using the words falling in the synsets category. We believe that crawling in breadthfirst search order provides the better tradeoff. ×MUST generates the second smallest test suite containing the largest number of non-redundant tests and the smallest number of redundant tests Fig. When looking at search result behaviour more broadly we see that what browsing does occur occurs within the first page of results. If all words in a title or subtitle are search keywords  , too many subject keywords will be generated. We have introduced a set of effective pruning properties and a breadth-first search strategy  , StatApriori  , which implements them. In the first iteration  , only the reported invocations are considered  , starting with the most suspicious one working down to the least. These strategies typically optimize properties such as " deeper paths " in depth-first search  , " less-traveled paths " 35  , " number of new instructions covered " in breadth-first search  , or " paths specified by the programmer " 39. The differences between all strategies breadth-first  , random search  , and Pex's default search strategy were negligible. This Figure 4: Use of case inheritance search travels upwards in the hierarchy  , i.e. DFS may take very long to execute if it does not traverse the search space in the right direction. This list is used by the predictor to perform a breadth first search of the possible concepts representing the input text. We perform the pose graph optimization first  , to make all poses metric consistent. It is in fact a similar hybrid reasoning engine which is a combination of forward reasoning breadth-first and backward reasoning depth-first search. During prediction  , we explore multiple paths  , depending on the prediction of the MetaLabeler  , using either depth-first or breadth-first search. A second dimension entails elaborating on line 3. Surprisingly  , they did not find any significant variation in the way users examine search results on large and small displays. Because the expansion is breadth first  , the optimal trajectory will he the first one encountered that meets the desired uncertainty. Since large main memory size is available in Gigabytes  , current MFI mining uses depth first search to improve performance to find long patterns. Although breadth-first search does not differentiate Web pages of different quality or different topics  , some researchers argued that breadth-first search also could be used to build domain-specific collections as long as only pages at most a fixed number of links away from the starting URLs or starting domains are collected e.g. This method assumes that pages near the starting URLs have a high chance of being relevant. In practice  , it is closer to a depth-first search with some backtracking than to a breadth-first search. They conducted two experiments to determine whether users engaged in a more exhaustive " breadth-first " search meaning that users will look over a number of the results before clicking any  , or a " depth-first " search. For instance  , SAGE 28  uses a generational-search strategy in combination with simple heuristics  , such as flip count limits and constraint subsumption. Sine~ each node consists of only 24 bytes and the top-down search is closer to a depth-first search than a breadth-first search  , the amount of space required by the hierarchy n·odes is not excessive. In our experience of applying Pex on real-world code bases  , we identify that Pex cannot explore the entire program due to exponential path-exploration space. Which branching points are flipped next depends on the chosen search strategy  , such as depth-first search DFS or breadth-first search BFS. Its default download strategy is to perform a breadth-first search of the web  , with the following three modifications: 1. That is  , starting from the root pages of the selected sites we followed links in a breadth-first search  , up to 3 ,000 pages per site. After both connections are made  , we find a path in the roadmap between the two connection points using breadth-first search. In this case  , only one DFA in conjunction with a standard breadth first search is used to grow a single frontier of entities. We will denote this approximate Katz measure as aKatz throughout the rest of the paper. Any objects that are reached during the traversal are considered live and added to the tempLive set. To propagate the constraints on join variable bindings Property 2  , we walk over this tree from root to the leaves and backwards in breadth-first-search manner. This module contains multiple threads that work in parallel to download Web documents in a breadth-first search order. We observed that the similarity scores for the neighbours often is either very close to one  , or slightly above zero. The corresponding histogram is shown in Fig. By following the path with the minimum cost  , the robot is guided to the nearest accessible unknown region. See Figure 11for an example plan. Since the MFI cardinality is not too large MafiaPP has almost the time as Mafia for high supports. When determining the cases allowed for a given frame  , a breadth-first search of the case frame hierarchy collects the relevant cases. The backward search can be illustrated in Figure 4by traversing the graphs in reverse in a breadth-first manner. This " 3 ,000 page window " was decided for practical reasons. The crawl was breadth-first and stopped after one million html pages had been fetched. The predictor pops the top structure off of the queue and tries to extend it using the substantiator. Our solution combines a data structure based on a partial lattice  , and memoization of intermediate solutions. The number of traversals is bounded by the total number of elements in the model and view at hand. We used JPF's breadth-first search strategy  , as done for all systematic techniques in 28. Recall that we must regenerate the paths between adjacent roadmap nodes since they are not stored with the roadmap. This task is efficiently performed by an optimized implementation of the Breadth-first search BFS strategy through MapReduce 3. At running time we use the index to retrieve the paths whose sink node matches a keyword. An estimate of L was formed by averaging the paths in breadth first search trees over approximately 60 ,000 root nodes. This allowed us to perform bidirectional breadth first search to answer the connectivity question. Even this crawl was very time consuming  , especially when the crawler came across highly linked pages with thousands of in-and out-links e.g. Link types extracted include straight HREF constructs  , area and image maps  , and Javascript constants. Each term is mapped to a synset in WordNet and a breadth-first search along WordNet relations identifies related synsets. Sensorless plans  , which must bring all possible initial orientations to the same goal orientation  , are generated using breadth-first search in the space of representative actions. We determine these paths by breadth-first search throughG. Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. RBFS using h 0 = 0 behaves similarly to the breadth-first search. Then  , starting from this seed set  , we use the following five strategies to select five different account sets with the same selection size of k from the dataset 5 : random search RAND  , breath-first search BFS  , depthfirst search DFS  , random combination of breadth-first and depth-first search RBDFS 6   , and CIA. The existing thread has the additional topic node 413 which is about compression of inverted index for fast information retrieval. Each operation produces a temporary result which must be materialized and consumed by the next operation. bring the two parts to distinguishable states. The crawl started from the Open Directory's 10 homepage and proceeded in a breadth-first manner. Each of these subsets is identified using a breadth first search technique. We choose the appropriate face vector field and cell vector field for the two cases as described in Section IV. The trajectory design problem is solved by performing a pyramid  , breadth-first search. The search then proceeds in a breadth-first fashion with a crawling that is not limited to URL domain or file size. An efficient implementation can use a data structure like the tree shown in Figure 1to store the counters  Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . JPF is built around first  , breadth-first as well as heuristic search strategies to guide the model checker's search in cases where the stateexplosion problem is too severe 18. Therefore  , to perform concolic testing we need to bound the number of iterations of testme if we perform depth-first search of the execution paths  , or we need to perform breadth-first search. This simple but extremely flexible prioritization scheme includes as a special case the simpler strategies of breadth-first search i.e. A similar strategy was used by the Exodus rule-generated optimizer GDS ? In both studies  , users were significantly more likely to engage in the depthfirst strategy  , clicking on a promising link before continuing to view other abstracts within the results set. Thus pipelined and setoriented strategies have similar complexity on a DBGraph. On the other hand  , the depth-first search methods e.g. The search is guaranteed to halt since there are a finite number of equivalence classes and our search does not consider sequences with cycles. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l The main difference is that the candidates for further expansion are managed in a queue instead of a stack. We have chosen to search the LUB-tree hierarchy in a breadth-first manner  , as opposed to a depth-first search as in Quinlan 24 . Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. The number of possible choices of values of c and s that concolic testing would consider in each iteration is 17. Abstractly we view a program as a guarded-transition systems and analyze transition sequences. If its implementation is such that the least recent state is chosen  , then the search strategy is breadth-first. Let's consider how the FI-combine see Figure 2 routine works  , where the frequency of an extension is tested. For each top ranked search result  , they performed a limited breadth first search and found that searching to a distance of 4 resulted in the best performance. For example  , the mean number of nodes accessed in the top-down search of the complete link hierarchy for the INSPEC collection is 873 requiring only 20 ,952 bytes of core. As indicated above  , there are basically two ways in which the search tree can be traversed We can use either a breadth first search and explicit subset tests Apriori or a depth first search and intersections of transaction lists Eclat. The MSN Search crawler discovers new pages using a roughly breadth-first exploration policy  , and uses various importance estimates to schedule recrawling of already-discovered pages. Therefore   , pages crawled using such a policy may not follow a uniform random distribution; the MSN Search crawler is biased towards well-connected  , important  , and " high-quality " pages. The second tool  , Meta Spider  , has similar functionalities as the CI Spider  , but instead of performing breadth-first search on a particular website  , connects to different search engines on the Internet and integrates the results. We make use of relations such as synonym  , hypernym  , hyponym  , holonym and meronym and restrict the search depth to a maximum of two relations. Our results explain their finding by showing that relevant documents are found within a distance of 5 or are as likely to be found as non-relevant documents. In this graph  , subsequent actions are connected  , and TransferReceive / TransferSend actions are additionally connected to each other's subsequent actions. Through several recent independent evaluations 17  , 6  , it is now well accepted that a prefix tree-based data set representation typically outperforms both the horizontal and the vertical data set representations for support counting. The existing methods essentially differ in the data structures used to " index " the database to facilitate fast enumeration. During this search  , we check that the newly introduced transfer does not induce a cycle of robots waiting for each other by performing breadth first search on the graph formed by the robot's plans. A node in the tree contains the set of orientations consistent with the push-align operations along the path to the node. The documents retrieved by the web browsers of focused crawlers are validated before they are stored in a repository or database. The experiments described in this paper demonstrate that a crawler that downloads pages in breadth-first search order discovers the highest quality pages during the early stages of the crawl. For example  , the Internet Archive crawler described in 3  does not perform a breadthfirst search of the entire web; instead  , it picks 64 hosts at a time and crawls these hosts in parallel. If a winning path exists  , then the path represents the search schedule for the two pursuers. To guide the search  , we work backward from a unique final orientation toward a range of orientations of size 27r  , which corresponds to the full range of uncertainty in initial part orientation. Links are explored from the starting page in breadth-first search using order of discovery for links at the same depth. The breadth-first search implies that density-connections with the minimum number of objects requiring the minimum number of region queries are detected first. The preponderance of diagonal path lines is due to the search being 8-connected  , and being breadth-first. The search can be performed in a breadth-first or depth-first manner  , starting with more general shorter sequences and extending them towards more specific longer ones. All experiments in this section use the breadth-first search strategy. Text is provided for convenience. We note that for every fixed query a node assignment requiring no calls to updateP ath always exists: simply label the nodes in order discovered by running breadth-first search from s. However  , there is no universally optimal assignment — different queries yield different optimum assignments. Focused crawling  , on the other hand  , attempts to order the URLs that have been discovered to do a " best first " crawl  , rather than the search engine's " breadth-first " crawl. " Generalised search engines that seek to cover as much proportion of the web as possible usually implement a breadth-first BRFS or depth-first A. Rauber et al. MaxMiner also first uses dynamic reordering which reorder the tail items in the increasing order of their supports. The itemset search space traversal strategy that is used is depth-first 18  , breadth-first 2  , or based on the pattern-growth methodology 22. After the push function is used to partition the space of push directions into equivalence classes  , we perform a breadth-first search of push combinations to find a fence design. l A split situation is in general the more expensive case because theparts of the cluster to be split actually have to be discovered. For each public user  , we first counted the number of protected mutual neighbours as well as the ratio of protected to all mutual neighbours. The arrangement enumeration tree is created as described above  , using the set of operands defined in Section 2 and it is traversed using either breadth-first or depth-first search. The effect of search pruning at all Rtree levels is that  , starting from the top level  , the two nodes  , one from each R-tree  , are only traversed for join computation if the MBRs of their parent nodes overlap . However  , if all violations go through a small set of nodes that are not encountered on the early selected paths or these nodes get stuck on the bottom of the worklist  , then it may be worse than breadth first search. Instead  , we can set parameters which we term the window's breadth and depth  , named analogously to breadth-first and depth-first search  , which control the number of toponyms in the window and the number of interpretations examined for each toponym in the window  , respectively. Otherwise  , the planner identifies the set of " boundary conditions " for the search  , namely:  The search for a sequence of regrasp operations proceeds by forward chaining from the set of initial gpg triples performing an evaluated breadth-first search in the space of compatible gpg triples. Beam-search is a form of breadth-first search  , bounded both in width W and depth D. We use parameters D = 4 to find descriptions involving at most 4 conjunctions  , and W = 10 to use only the best 10 hypotheses for refinement in the next level. The crawling was executed via a distributed breadth first search. In this graph  , vetexes and edges represent nodes and links respectively. A recent study of Twitter as a whole  , gathered by breadth-first search  , collected 1.47 billion edges in total 13. In this implementation the transitive closure of the digraph G T is based on a breadth first search through G T . The sequence of retrieved documents displayed to the user is ordered by the number of edges from the entry point document. However  , after a large number of Web pages are fetched  , breadth-first search starts to lose its focus and introduces a lot of noise into the final collection. Instead of traversing the BVTT as a strictly depthfirst or breadth-first search JC98  , we use a priority queue to schedule which of the pending tests to perform next. Since the planner performs breadth-first search in the space of representative actions  , the planner is complete if the computed action ranges are accurate. The initial collection was created for day 1 using a Breadth-First crawl that retrieved MAX IN INDEX = 100  , 000 pages from the Web starting from the bookmark URLs. Using a 4000-node subgraph summarized in Table 3  , we generated 1633185 candidate edges. In order to sample the distribution of distances between nodes  , breadth first search trees were formed from a fraction of the nodes. When the FM is traversed using the breadth-first search BFS  , the edges in the FPN are generated according to relations between features in the FM and the weights on edges are computed  Lines 4∼5. After the completion of breadth first search  , there are no unknown nodes and each node has a location area. In many cases  , simple crawlers follow a breadth-first search strategy  , starting from the root of a website homepage and traversing all URLs in the order in which they were found. shows the result of the experiment after the second step of the breadth-first search. The CWB computes the similarity-degrees of the title and/or subtitles through a breadth-first search because the title and subtitles are within a nested structure. As the crawl progresses  , the quality of the downloaded pages deteriorates. So  , instead of trying to find the optimal allocation we do the allocation by using the heuristic of traversing the tree in a breadth first-BF search order: l We have shown that finding an overall optimal allocation scheme for our cuboid tree is NP-hard DANR96 . Once it has been established that a high level path exists  , the lower level trajectory planning problem for each equivalence region node is to determine the trajectory which the cone must follow to reorient the part. Path planning for individual modules uses a breadth-first search starting at the end of the tail. A candidate path is located when an entity from the forward frontier matches an entity from the reverse frontier. This enables to compute the representation of all concepts such that any pair of concepts sharing a common ancestor in the concept hierarchy will share a common prefix in their representation corresponding to this common ancestor. Once a goal state is reached we have a sequence of desired relative push angles which we know will uniquely reorient a part regardless of its initial orientation because that initial orientation must be in the range of The goal of the breadth first search then is to arrive at a current state p   , such that lpgl = 27r. We use the push function to find equivalence classes of actions-action ranges with the same effect. Our approtach to solve the regrasp problem is as follows: We generate and evaluate possible grasp classes of an object and its stable placements on a table; the regrasping problem is then solved by an evaluated breadth-first search in a space where we represent all compatible sequences of regrasp operations. This procedure is then applied to all URLs extracted from newly downloaded pages. We assume that a breadth-first search is performed over these top ranked invocations. In order to follow the edges in one direction in time  , we treat the edges between topic nodes as directed edges. Our initial examination revealed that the allocated users IDs are very evenly distributed across the ID space. Recently  , Microsoft Academic Search released their paper URLs and by crawling the first 7.58 million  , we have collected 2.2 million documents 4 . A lattice is defined over generated word sets for formulae  , and a breadth-first search starting from the query formula set is used to find similar formulae. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. That is  , for each node a set of SPARQL query patterns is generated following the rules depicted in Table 3w.r.t. The next step is to choose a set of cuboids that can be computed concurrently within the memory constraints . Compute D and perform a breadth-first search of D as indicated above starting with To as the set of visited vertices and ending when some vertex in the goal set 7~ ha5 been reached. We assign priority to the pending BVTT visits according to the distance: the closest pending BV pair is given a higher priority and visited next. The search is breadth-first and proceeds by popping a node from the head of OPEN list and generating the set of child nodes for the constituent states steps 1-4. Search engines conduct breadth first scans of the site  , generating many requests in short duration. An estimate of the total number of edges by the present authors suggests there are around 7 billion edges in the present social graph. For each instance of the iterator created for a path pattern  , two DFAs are constructed. These pages contain 17 ,672 ,011 ,890 hyperlinks after eliminating duplicate hyperlinks embedded in the same web page  , which refer to a total of 2 ,897 ,671 ,002 URLs. PD-Live does a breadth-first search from the document a user is currently looking at to select a candidate set of documents. A combination of these operators induces a breadth-first search traversal of the DBGraph. Specifically   , we collected the previous Amazon reviews of each reviewer in the root dataset and the Amazon product pages those reviews were associated with. To optimize the poses and landmarks  , we create a metric environment map by embedding metric information to nodes by breadth-first search over graph. The sensor-based planner performs breadth-first AND/OR search to generate sensor-based orienting plans for parts with shape uncertainty. The sensorless planner uses breadth-first search to find sensorless orienting plans. MaxMiner 3 uses a breadth-first search and performs look-ahead pruning which prunes a whole tree if the head and tail together is frequent. A simple breadth-first search is quite effective in discovering the topic evolution graphs for a seed topic Figure 4and Figure 5a. To discover a topic evolution graph from a seed topic  , we apply a breadth-first search starting from the seed node but only following the edges that lead to topic nodes earlier in time. We construct a work list starting at persist.root so we can perform a breadth-first search of the object graph. At every jvar-node  , we take intersection of bindings generated by its adjacent tp-nodes and after the intersection  , drop the triples from tp-node Bit- Mats as a result of the dropped bindings. They found that crawling in a breadth-first search order tends to discover high-quality pages early on in the crawl  , which was applied when the authors downloaded the experimental data set. OVERLAP does the allocation using a heuristic of traversing the search tree in a breadth-first order  , giving priority to cuboids with smaller partition sizes  , and cuboids with longer attribute lists. Additional documents are then retrieved by following the edges from the starting point in the order of a breadth first search. If the action ranges are overly conservative  , the planner may not find a solution even when one exists. Our web graph is based on a web crawl that was conducted in a breadth-first-search fashion  , and successfully retrieved 463 ,685 ,607 HTML pages. Unlike pure hill-climbing  , MPA in DAFFODIL uses a node list as in breadth-first search to allow backtracking  , such that the method is able to record alternative  " secondary " etc. To detect deadlocks or paths to be folded we scan graph C with the BFS Breadth-First-Search algo­ rithm. Unlike the simple crawlers behind most general search engines which collect any reachable Web pages in breadth-first order  , focused crawlers try to " predict " whether or not a target URL is pointing to a relevant and high-quality Web page before actually fetching the page. In addition  , focused crawlers visit URLs in an optimal order such that URLs pointing to relevant and high-quality Web pages are visited first  , and URLs that point to low-quality or irrelevant pages are never visited. Since the position bias can be easily incorporated into click models with the depth-first assumption  , most existing click models 4  , 11  , 13 follow this assumption and assume that the user examines search results in a top-to-bottom fashion. The subgraph returned by BFS usually contains less vertices in the target community than the subgraph of the same size obtained by random walk technique. If the similarity-degree of a title and/or subtitles is higher than the threshold ­  , the title and/or subtitles are regarded a similar title and/or similar subtitles  , and the contents of the title and subtitles are considered similar contents. The use of the succ-tup and succ-val* primitives defines a traversal of the DBGraph following a breadth-first search EFS strategy Sedg84  , as follows : The transitive closure operation is performed by simply traversing links  , Furthermore testing the termination condition is greatly simplified by marking. One possible source of this difference is that the crawling policies that gave rise to each data set were very different; the DS2 crawl considered page quality as an important factor in which pages to select; the DS1 crawl was a simpler breadth-first-search crawl with politeness. It is worthwhile noting that other expansion methods such as breadth-first-search BFS would entirely ignore the bottleneck defining the community and rapidly mix with the entire graph before a significant fraction of vertices in the community have been reached. Before searching for a regrasp sequence  , the regrasp planner checks if the pick-and-place operation can be achieved within a single grasp. The division of the planning into ofRine and online computation with as much a priori knowledge as possible used for the offline computation turns out to be an efficient and powerful concept  , operating online in connection with the evaluated breadth-first search in the space of compatible regrasp operations. The unions D:=DuAD and AD':=AD'usucc~val*v'  , R.1 can be efficiently implemented by a concatenation since marking the tuples avoid duplicate generation. This breadth-first search visits each node and generates several possible triple patterns based on the number of annotations and the POS-tag itself. Starting from this seed set  , we performed a breadth-first crawl traversing friendship links aiming to discover the largest connected component of the social graph. This figure suggests that breadth-first search crawling is fairly immune to the type of self-endorsement described above: although the size of the graph induced by the full crawl is about 60% larger than the graph induced by the 28 day crawl  , the longer crawl replaced only about 25% of the " hot " pages discovered during the first 28 days  , irrespective of the size of the " hot " set. the node that has the shortest average path to all the other nodes in Λ pred and to perform a breadth-first-search from this node in G pred subgraph of G containing only the nodes in Λ pred and their interconnects to create a tree of information spread and to use the leaves of that tree as the newly activated nodes. Some connectivity-based metrics  , such as Kleinberg's al- gorithm 8  , consider only remote links  , that is  , links between pages on different hosts. In addition to the standard language features of Java  , JPF uses a special class Verify that allows users to annotate their programs so as to 1 express non-deterministic choice with methods Verify.randomn and Verify.randomBool  , 2 truncate the search of the state-space with method Verify.ignoreIfcondition when the condition becomes true  , and 3 indicate the start and end of a block of code that the model checker should treat as one atomic statement and not interleave its execution with any other threads with methods Verify.beginAtomic and Verify.endAtomic. Our experiments revealed that the influentials identified using this method have poor performance which led us to identify the next method of prediction. If the edges of a lockdown graph are weighted by the number of images constituting the part of the segment between the two lockdown points or more appropriately  , the sub-nodes on which the two lockdown points lie  , choosing the smallest-sized cycle basis will reduce computational cost in computing HHT to a small extent. This property makes the numerical model more reliable for future wing kinematics optimization studies. If the model fitting has increased significantly  , then the predictor is kept. The fitting constraint keeps the model parameters fit to the training data whereas the regularizers avoid overfitting  , making the model generalize better 7. The fitting with this extended model is considerably better Fig. As our model fitting procedure is greedy  , it can get trapped into local maxima. Model fitting. 5: Quantification of the fitting of oriented-Gabor model RMSE as defined in eq.   , βn be coefficients that are estimated by fitting the model to an existing " model building " data set  , where β0 is termed the model " intercept. " Our aspect model combines both collaborative and content information in model fitting. Our scope of machine learning is limited to the fitting of parameter values in previously prescribed models  , using prescribed model-fitting procedures. There can also be something specific to the examples added that adds confusion . Figure 3 gives the variance proportions for the sampled accounts . Table lsummerizes the results. Our second challenge lies in fitting the models to our target graphs  , i.e. By limiting the complexity of the model  , we discourage over-fitting. The heuristic fitting provides matching of intuitive a priori assumptions on the system and determines the system model structure. distributions amounts to fitting a model with squared loss. 6 analyzed the potential of page authority by fitting an exponential model of page authority. Dropout is used to prevent over-fitting. Using deviance measures  , e.g. The complete optimization objective used by this model is given in Table 1 . The mixed-effects model in Eq. Model performance is demonstrated by emprical data. In order to realize the personal fitting functions  , a surface model is adopted. Computing the dK-2 distributions is also a factor  , but rarely contributes more than 1 hour to the total fitting time. Nonetheless  , the scope of the Model involves one more fitting activity that  , in the outlying areas of interest of this universe  , complicates a fitting challenge per se. Within the model selection  , each operation of reduction of topic terms results in a different model. Rather than over fitting to the limited number of examples  , users might be fitting a more general but less accurate model. After estimating model parameters   , we have to determine the best fitting model from a set of candidate models. The model can be directly used to derive quantitative predictions about term and link occurrences. For large graphs like ours  , there are no efficient solutions to determine if two graphs are physically identical . Existing model-fitting methods are typically batchbased i.e. We deal with this problem by starting from multiple starting points. p~ ~  ,. Fitting an individiral skeleton model to its motion data is the routine identification task rary non-ridd pose with sparse featme points. Tanaka 1986 6 proposed the first macroscopic constitutive model. By fitting a model to the generated time-series the AR coefficients were estimated. Figure 2billustrates the highest and second highest bid in the test set  , items that we did not observe when fitting the model. Tuning λ ≥0 is theoretically justified for reducing model complexity  " the effective degree of freedom "  and avoiding over-fitting on training data 5. is the identity matrix. The shapes of the bodies are various for each person. Although on a large scale the fitting is rather accurate  , the smaller and faster phenomena are not given enough attention in this model. IW is a simple way to deal with tensor windows by fitting the model independently. A formal model: More specifically  , let the distribution associated with node w be Θw. Our own source code for fitting the two-way aspect model is available online 28. The RegularizerRole is played by a regularization function used to keep model complexity low and prevent over-fitting. 4due to the unsuitable profile model. Large η vales may lead to serious over-fitting. We compared ECOWEB-FIT with the standard LV model. The replicated examples were used both when fitting model parameters and when tuning the threshold. There are two deficiencies in the fixed focal length model. Line segment primitives are efficient in modelling a collection of observations of the environment. The next section will discuss the classification method. 1633-2008 for a fitting software reliability growth model. semi-supervised of the label observations by fitting the latent factor model BRI on the above three sources of evidences. Model fitting and selection takes on average 7 ms  , and thus can be easily computed in real-time on a mobile robot. He had to use special hardware for real-time performance. λU   , λI are the regularization parameters. Established methods for determining model structure are at best computationally intensive  , besides not easily automated. After fitting this model  , we use the parameters associated with each article to estimate it's quality. The efforts are based on heuristic fitting the system model in order to obtain the required properties of the model to be used 27- 311. Dudek and Zhang 3 used a vision system to model the environment and extract positioning information. The model is built by fitting primitives to sensory data. One study built on the Wing-Kristofferson model to propose various model-fitting techniques for synchronization cases 16. The αinvesting rule can guarantee no model over-fitting and thus the accuracy of the final fitted model. In this section we study the recommendation performance of ExpoMF by fitting the model to several datasets. We provide further insights into ExpoMF's performance by exploring the resulting model fits. This stage aims to estimate the position of a model in the image plane  , calculating the distance between the image centre and the model position. Other work found that abrupt tempo changes and gradual tempo changes seem to engage different methods of phase correction 17. the likelihood ratio or χ 2 measure  , as a measure of the goodness-offit for a model  , the best-fitting  , parsimonious least number of dependencies model for the table is determined. However  , we found that the 4-parameter gravity model: By fitting the model to observed flows  , we might mask the very signal we hope to uncover  , that is  , the error. Using a curve fitting technique  , the impedance model was established in such a way that the model can simulate the expert behavior. In order to perform localization  , a model is constructed of how sensory data varies as a function of the robots position . Iterative computation methods for fitting such a model to a table are described in Christensen 2 . Applying MLE to graph model fitting  , however  , is very difficult. Model fitting on AE features was performed using WEKA 3.7 30  , and the response model was calculated in MATLAB. A data structure for organizing model features has been set up to facilitate model-based tracking. For a particular scene vertex the fitting test would then be triggered a number of times equal to the number of model LFSs  , in the worst case. From the results  , it is evident that interactive fitting was far superior to manual fitting in task time and slightly better in accuracy. The purpose is to support the tasks of monitoring  , control  , prognostics  , preventive maintenance  , diagnostics  , corrective maintenance  , and enhancement or engineering improvements. Note the should be set to a number no smaller than in order to have enough fitting models for the model generation in a higher level. In particular  , if there are many non-informative attributes or if complex models are used  , the problem of over-fitting will be alleviated by reducing dimensions. Although our plane fitting test is fast  , the time overhead that such an approach would introduce made us avoid its usage in such cases. We first fit the general model by fitting it to the general distribution of the minutes between a retweet and the original tweet. The goodness of fit test of the model was not significant p=0.64 meaning that predicted and observed data matrixes did resemble each other. Statistical model selection tries to find the right balance between the complexity of a model corresponding to the number of parameters  , and the fitness of the data to the selected model  , which corresponds to the likelihood of the data being generated by the given model. Model fitting information was significant p=0.000 indicating that the final model predicts significantly better the odds of interest levels compared to the model with only the intercept. Since the LV model cannot capture seasonal patterns  , it was strongly affected by multiple spikes and failed to capture co-evolving dynamics. Fitting the Rated Clicks Model to predict click probabilities on the original lower results yields similar results. σ is used for penalizing large parameter values. It is clear that this particular view selection may not be optimal . The tyre-dependent parameters were experimentally adjusted fitting the measured responses of the army vehicle off-road tyre 13. He used residual functions for fitting projected model and features in the image. There are something good and something bad. Hence  , by leveraging the objective function  , we can address the sparsity problem of check-in data  , without directly fitting zero check-ins. This requires segmenting the data into groups and selecting the model most appropriate for each group. An alternative to template based matching is fitting of a motion model to a gradient field the motion field. As will be shown  , this results in a simple highly generalisable model fitting the majority of the data. Figure 2gives an example of the summary hierarchy. 2In the real-time walk of a legged robot  , a ground model should first be established during the previous gait period. The uneven surface of the vermiculite does not lend itself to primitive fitting without a severe reduction in surface location accuracy. The success with which web pages attract in-links from others in a given period becomes an indicator of the page authority in the future. Addi-tionally  , we use a regularization parameter κ set to 0.01; this step has been found to provide better model fitting and faster convergence. One of our contributions is that we propose to use hierarchical regularization to avoid overfiting. The SRS was placed in hallways within the model. Image curves are represented by invariant shape descriptors  , which allow direct indexing into a model library. Figure 6 : One wave length error detection using the reflection model. To fit a tag ti's language model we analyze the set of tweets containing ti  , fitting a multinomial over the vocabulary words  , with probability vector Θi. In our experiments we randomly split the movies into a training set and a test set. Finally  , we obtained the following model for λ: We started with all possibly relevant variables: After fitting to the data we found that the number of children had little influence. Log-likelihood LL is widely used to measure model fitness . A hierarchical structure to the data alone does not completely motivate hierarchical modeling. The funding model to support this evolution  , however  , is not yet established. adjusting for more usage characteristics resulted in less accurate predictions  , discussed further in Section 8. Given their small size  , we were forced to use a relatively simple model with a small number of features to avoid over-fitting. In principle  , the optimal K should provide the best trade-off between fitting bias and model complexity. We also consider its stochastic counterpart SGBDT  , by fitting trees considering a random subset of training data thus reducing the variance of the final model. It should be noted that a steady-state friction model can also be obtained using any other curve fitting technique such as those using polynomial models. This difference allows us to avoid the complexities of rigid motion manipulations while we are fitting the image. These models are based on basic thermodynamic theory and curve fitting of data from experiments. Because the number of model parameters to be learned grows in accordance with K  , the acquired functions might not perform well when sorting unseen objects due to over-fitting. All estimates are made using 500 bootstrap samples on the human rated data. To avoid over-fitting  , we constrain the gis by imposing an L2 penalty term. Λ is the vector of model parameters  , the second term is the regularization term to avoid over fitting  , which imposes a zero prior on all the parameter values. In this paper  , the primary purpose of fitting a model is not prediction  , but to provide a quantitative means to identify sub-populations. The reward is a repository that offers the powerful extensibility of COMZActiveX  , without requiring many new extensibility features of its own. These landmarks are found for both the reference map and the current map. The surface geometry of a patch is determined by fitting the data points in the patch to a quadric surface and solving an eigensystem. Hence the cross-axis effect of y-acceleration on the x-axis may be modeled by the least-squares fitting of a secondarder polynomial to the data  , The result of this model is shown in Fig. 3 3 is the planestress model with these parameters  , not an arbitrary best fitting curve. This set contains all consistent values of the model parameters  , so it is a quantitative description of the fitting error. Although there are many formats  , which describe surface models  , in this paper Object file of Wavefront's Advanced Visualizer is adopted. Traditionally  , motion fields have been very noise sensitive as minimization over small regions results in noisy estimates. 1  , I measured the between-within variance for the 10 blogs in the dataset on estimated values for the trust  , liking  , involvement and benevolence latent variables. the current model—support incompatibility and non-convexity— and developed new models that address them. The regularizer with coefficient λ > 0 is used to prevent model over-fitting. By varying the value of T we can control the trade-off between data likelihood and over-fitting. For each target graph  , we apply the fitting mechanism described in Section 4 to compute the best parameters for each model. The most common approach is directly fitting Ut to the actual query execution time of the ranking model 7. It provides additional flexibility in fitting either of these models to the realities of retrieval. The LossRole is played by a loss function that defines the penalty of miss-prediction  , e.g. Another possible direction for this work is fitting the features onto a global object model. The model also includes computation of the aligning torque M z on each steered wheel. Our approach is attractive for the marketing field  , because the unobserved baseline sales  , marketing promotion effects and other specific effects are estimated by simultaneously. Our proposal for step 6 is inspired on the PAC 10 method to evaluate learning performance. We have tested the effectiveness of the proposed model using real data. In other words  , the learning trajectories significantly differ among the three initial conditions  , thus supporting Hypothesis 5. The Adjusted-R 2 measure denotes the percentage of variance explained by the model and  , for both collections  , the obtained model explains 99% of such variance. After adding each predictor  , a likelihood test is conducted to check whether the new predictor has increased the model fitting 6. The results of fitting the heteroscedastic model in the data can be viewed below  , > summarylme2 Apart from the random and fixed effects section  , there is a Variance function section. For all the projects there is a significant difference between the simpler model in Equation 4 and the model in Equation 3  , showing that fitting curves separately for different initial conditions significantly improves the model fit. The results could he dismissed as merely another example of over-fitting  , except that the type of over-fitting is highly specific  , and occurs due to confounding controllable mechanisms with the uncontrollable environment. We conclude with literature review in Section 8 and discussion. By using the imported surface model  , the personal fitting function is thought to be realized. This type of approach includes techniques such as least squares fitting 19 and Iterative Closest Point ICP 1 allowing the determination of the six degree of freedom transformation between the observed points and the model. Next we model the O2 concentration signal based on all inputs  , but WIA2 fuel mass and SIC2 feeding screw rpm measurements were replaced by the estimated mass flow signal see Fig. Finally  , our model can be used to provide a measure of the triadic closure strength differentially between graph collections  , investigating the difference in opt for the subgraph frequencies of different graph collections. Second  , single-point estimates do not help inference of model parameters  , and may in fact hurt if the ensuing model-fitting stage uses them as its input. Note that the plane fitting test could be as well used as a verification method in the event that no compatible scene vertices were detected. It is desirable to use the simplest friction model in order to avoid computational complexity. As might have been predicted by the fitting results in Section 3.1  , it was found that use of a Hertz contact model to predict subsurface strains resulted in a biased estimate of the indenter radius. The method of estimating the lots delively cycle time can help fab managers for more precisely lots management and AMHS control. The good fitting between the experimental results and the model indicates that the model is quite accurate  , and may allow to make extrapolations to predict the actuator performance when it is scaled down to the target size for the arthroscope. For simplicity  , we consider only the angular constraints imposed by the model on the local optima; only the orientations of the local fits are affected. The data that was used in the experimental results can be obtained at https: //sourceforge.net/p/jhu-axxb/ In the AX = XB case  , for each point  , we found its closest point on the model and computed the sum squared difference between them. The maps were used to determine robot pose by fitting new sensor data to the model.  Curvature: In log-log space our data is curved as indicated by the fact that the best fitting distribution  , Zipf-Mandelbrot  , by theory has a curved form in loglog space. By fitting the output of our proposed model to the real bid change logs obtained from commercial search engines   , we will be able to learn these parameters  , and then use the learned model to predict the bid behavior change in the future. In all cases  , model fitting runtime is dominated by the time required to generate candidate graphs as we search through the model parameter space. We generate 20 randomly seeded synthetic graphs from each model for each target graph  , and measure the differences between them using several popular graph metrics. Fitting an OODB or repository into an existing object model is a delicate activity  , which we explain in detail. By fitting two of the constants in the impact model which consist of various mass and geometric terms  , we obtained a usable model of impact which predicted average initial translation velocities to within 5 to 15 percent  , initial rotational velocities to within 30 percent. We quantify the reconstruction by fitting the model to the new computed point set and finding a normalized metric. If we assume a too complex model  , where each data point essentially has to be considered on its own  , we run the risk of over fitting the model so that all variables always look highly correlated. Furthermore  , we evaluate the reliability of our models  , since AUC can be too optimistic if the model is overfit to the dataset. Commonly made assumptions  , though reasonable in the context of workflow mining  , do clearly not hold for a dependency model of a distributed system  , nor do they seem fitting for a single user session. For this reason   , the model LFSs are placed in the LFS list of the model database in descending order of the area of the surface to which they correspond. The technique works by augmenting the existing observational data with unobserved  , latent variables that can be used to incrementally improve the model estimate. Thus we propose to solve this problem by an iterative method  , conceptually similar to the one described by Besl 5  , which combines data classification and model fitting. Thus it cannot be said that this model would work for any soft tissue  , but rather  , soft tissues that exhibit similar characteristics to agar gel. Hence non-uniform weights could easily incur over-fitting  , and relying on a particular model should be avoided. Using the model  , we can then translate that probability into a statistically founded threshold of clicks and remove all " users " that exceed that threshold. This result indicates that most queries are noisy and strongly influenced by external events that tend to interfere with model fitting. Overall  , the models were trained with a combination of different parameter settings: 1 ,5  , 0 ,10 ,100 ,1000  , and with and without the indicator attributes. The robot control system has been synthesized in order to realize the identified expert impedance and to replicate the expert behavior. Note that our model is different from the copying models introduced by Simon 17  in that the choice of items in our model is determined by a combination of frequency and recency. The reason for fitting the less restrictive " sliding-window " model is to test whether the " full " model captures the full extent of temporal change in weights. Despite its complexity  , the LuGre dynamic friction model has been chosen in this activity to further improve the fitting between simulation and experimental results. As the number of ratings given by most users is relatively small compared with the total number of items in a typical system  , data sparsity usually decreases prediction accuracy and may even lead to over-fitting problems. Outlier removal using distributional methods proceeds by fitting a model to the observed distribution and then selecting a tail probability say 0.1% to use as a definition of an outlier. One might speculate whether embedding the IDEAL model in a less fitting strategy would have lead to the same positive results. The derivation is done by fitting 20 evenly spaced points  , each point being the number of total words versus the number of unique words seen in a collection. Given a topic relevance score  , for each query  , the score of each retrieved document in the baseline is given by the above exponential function f rank with the parameter values obtained in the fitting procedure. Regularization via ℓ 2 norm  , on the other hand  , uses the sum of squares of parameters and thus can make a smooth regularization and effectively deal with over-fitting. To further analyze the effect of covariates  , we compare the perplexity of all models in the repurchase data and the new purchase data in Table 2. related covariates in addition to fitting parameters of a conditional opportunity model for each category m. It shows the importance of considering covariates when modeling the purchase time of a follow-up purchase. If the general shape of the object is fit to some simple surface  , it should be possible to add the details of fine surface features using a simple data structure. We thus segment the color image with different resolutions see Section IV-A. As an example of what not to do  , we could take our relevant-document distribution to be a uniform distribution on the set of labeled relevant documents. The equation of each 3D line is computed by fitting a vertical line to the selected model points. To fit the three-way DEDICOM model  , one must solve the following minimization problem With a unique solution  , given appropriate data and adequately distinct factors the best fitting axis orientation is somewhat more likely to have explanatory meaning than one determined by  , e.g. It may be possible that one or more chunks in that window have been outdated  , resulting in a less accurate classification model. 1 measurement of respondents' sensations  , feelings or impressions Dimension reduction techniques are one obvious solution to the problems caused by high dimensionality. For the Dynamic class  , temporal models that only take into account the trend or learn to decay historical data correctly perform the best. However  , a slight drop of performance can be observed for high θ values  , because it produces a large number of pattern clusters i.e. Model Parameters.  Extensive experiments on real-world datasets convincingly demonstrate the accuracy of our models. Based on the rationale of curve-fitting models  , various alternatives to the DPM approach have been proposed and investigated 14  , 15  , 181  , but so far no superior model was reported. We thus avoid training and testing on the same dataset. We can do model selection and combination—technical details are in Appendix C. This can be performed using only data gathered online and time complexity is independent of the stream size. Words best fitting this cumulative model of user interest are used as links in documents selected by the user. From this we can also expect that the image feature extraction error is within the range 5 to 15 pixels. A reconstructed 3D model of the object is computed by fitting superquadrics to the data which provides us with the underlying shape and pose. We obtain results comparable to the state of the art and do so in significantly less time. Using the MATLAB profiler 5000 executions  , 1ms clock precision  , 2 GHz clock speed on standard Windows 7 OS without any code optimization  , our classifier executes in 1ms per AE hit on average. This fitting method makes the edge of the model more smooth and more approximate to that of the part than the zero-order-hold  , and makes using thicker material possible. The last line is explicitly fitting a mixedeffects model using the function lme in the nlme package. A model fitting the re-centered data then shows the effect of the varying IV on the DV with respect to the different levels of the re-centered IVs. However  , since this increases the dimensionality of the feature space—which makes it sparser—it also makes the classification problem harder and increases the risk of over-fitting the data. In such a scenario  , it is not sufficient to have either one single model or several completely independent models for each placing setting that tend to suffer from over-fitting. In this context  , we have modeled skills by adopting an explicitly different model fitting strategy that is based on the entropies obtained from multiple demonstrations. Because it is easier to express the metric error for the branch fitting than for the sub-branch finding  , 30 trials were first run on simulated branches with no sub-branches. This first segmentation may contain some errors  , e.g. Since we are dealing with sparse depth data  , it is further desirable to have as large segments as possible -otherwise model fitting becomes impracticable due to lack of data inside segments. To find the total fit error over all segments for a collection of arbitrary planes  , we add a Lagrange term constraining the angles between pairs of fitting planes to equal the angles between corresponding planes in the model. Solving the problem requires using knowledge about the system  , which enable one to handle the factors being omitted under conventional formal procedures. A modified scale space approach  , based on a line model mask with weights calculated from the line fitting mors  , is presented. Indeed  , the computational strategy adopted consists of a hierarchical model fitting  , which limits the range of labeling possibilities. One typical tree model has 10 layers and 16 terminal nodes. The main reason for this is that the number of model parameters to be learned grows in accordance with the increase of dimensionality; thus  , the acquired functions might not perform well when sorting unseen objects due to over-fitting. Table 2shows the results of fitting the Rated Clicks Model using human rated Fair Pairs data. Netflix Ratings: Within the Netflix dataset  , the results were not nearly as simple. In this sense  , the general reliability serves as a prior to reduce the over-fitting risk of estimating object-specific reliability in the MSS model. In this way  , the procedure is in fact fitting the 'mean curve' of the model distribution to the empirical subgraph frequencies. We have experimented with hill climbing in our model fitting problem  , and confirmed that it produces suboptimal results because the similarity metric dK or others is not strictly convex. On the other hand  , we are a priori not interested in an entire flow of execution and such tricky issues as mutual exclusion or repetition. The resulting transliteration model is used subsequently for that specific language pair. The more general the model  , the more effort it will expend on fitting to specific features of the training documents that will generalize to the full relevant population. Specifically  , given a user's query  , SSL sends the query to the centralized sample database and retrieves the sample ranked list with relevance score of each document. Therefore  , we propose to use a shared sparsity structure in our learning. This shows that the image-based techniques are more flexible to data fitting and local inaccuracies of the model than the geometric-based approaches  , which impose a rigid transformation . Adding more constraints to the system reduces the size of this set and permits more precise or detailed knowledge about the world. The system was developed using the Silicon Graphics software package called " Open Inventor "   , which provides high level C++ class libraries to create  , display  , and manipulate 3-D models. Table 3gives the mean estimate of r   , over 40 degrees for 9 different indenters. In the following a general expression will be given  , and then will be described how to specialize it for the two cases. Quantitative results in terms of segment magnification obtained in the second view  , fitting errors  , and surfaces types are summarized in Table I. In addition to high accuracy and robustness  , the classifier demonstrates the potential for realtime implementation with offline model parameter fitting. We use information entropy as the uncertainty measurement of the B-spline model. It should be obvious  , without going through a complex matching procedure  , that the points on the adjacent flat sueaces cannot belong to the model  , which is curved at all points. Once we have mined all frequent itemsets or  , e.g. A mathematical model was established and validated both deductively based on its geometric structure and inductively through empirical findings. As evident in Figure 5a  , the residual plot based on the confidential data reveals an obvious fanshaped pattern  , reflecting non-constant variance. It is fascinating that the typical ρ i for the individuals of seven of our eight datasets is approximately 1  , the same slope generated by the SFP model. To address this possibility of over-fitting  , we consider a second heterogeneous attrition model  , in which attrition probabilities Ri are randomly generated from the distribution of estimated attrition rates shown in Figure 1. There is large variability in the bids as well as in the potential for profit in the different auctions. This explains why our model has such an improved predictive probability than BPMF as shown above and demonstrates the importance of fitting the variance as well as the mean. The play is divided into acts in such a way that each act has a fixed set of actors participating objects fitting conveniently on the scene scenario diagram. To help mitigate the danger of over-fitting i.e. The proportion of positive examples in the annotation hierarchy subtask was low  , and for that subtask we experimented with upweighting positive training examples relative to negative ones. Second  , it is reasonable to assume that the error in each variable is independent of the error in other variables. Many robotic manipulation tasks  , including grasping   , packing  , and part fitting require geometric information on objects. -Any geometric model representation should be capable of generating the error vectors required. We have simulated the same VSA-II model under exactly the same design and operative conditions: encoder quantization  , white noise on motor torques  , torque input profiles  , polynomials used for the fitting  , etc. We speed up model fitting by considering only actors billed in the top ten and eliminating any actors who appear in only one movie. This section describes the implementation of the model fitting system and informal evaluations performed with volunteer operators. We would also have to consider 6DOF poses  , complicating the approach considerably. One of the crucial problems is where to find the initial estimates seeds in an image since their selection has a major effect on the success or failure of the overall procedure. There is a certain advantage to the use of such an entropy-based skill learning method. Taking advantage of the theorem of separated axis lo  , real-time accurate and fast collision detection among moving geometrical models can be achieved. This empirical model has been derived by fitting trends to experimental data conducted in agar gel as a tissue phantom. To overcome this shortcoming  , we propose to use a multi-stage model. Formally this corresponds to minimizing the error when each tuple is modeled by the best itemset model from the solution set. Nonetheless  , the accuracy remains stable for a wide range of k 1 values  , indicating the insensitivity of the model with respect to the choice of k 1 values. Based on the intuitions above  , we propose to do one-way ANOVA sequentially on each feature and obtain the p-value pk for F k based on the fixed e↵ect model: More importantly  , for achieving interpretability and reducing the risks of over-fitting  , we also hope that output worker subgroups are not too many. In particular  , in Figure 7awe see that for MG-LRM  , the peak appears at a higher number of iterations than the other models.  We describe a fast method for fitting the parameters of these models  , and prescriptions for picking the right model given the dataset size and runtime execution constraints. They are ultimately interested in learning the parameters controlling the model  , as well as the uncertainty associated with an incomplete raw dataset. " In other cases  , the LIWC categories were different enough from the dataset that model chose not to use topics with ill-fitting priors  , e.g. In fact  , although using small batch sizes allows the online models to update more frequently to respond to the fast-changing pattern of the fraudulent sellers   , large batch sizes often provide better model fitting than small batch sizes in online learning. Ribeiro also outlines a framework for fitting these parameters given a window of time series activity levels  , and then uses them to extrapolate and make a long term prediction of future activity levels. We also tried several other  , more complex models  , without achieving significantly better model fitting. Once one moves to the campaign level the number of terms starts to be large enough to support model fitting. Moreover  , spline and polynomial curve fitting or energy minimization techniques such as active contours and snake 4 fail to give precise baselines and there is always an inclination towards descenders in the above methods. Rank-GeoFM/G denotes our model without considering the geographical influence. An important characteristic of query logs is that the long tail does not match well the power law model  , because the tail is much longer than the one that corresponds to the power law fitting the head distribution. Our selected procedure to predict future retweet activity is summarized in resolution Δ pred   , we proceed as follows: First  , we identify the infectious rate of a tweet pt by fitting the proposed oscillatory model. The adjusted R-square  , on the other hand  , penalises R-square for the addition of regressors  , which do not contribute to the explanatory power of the model. For our sequence of models  , the cross-validated correlation and overall correlation are about the same  , giving us some assurance that the models are not over-fitting. In contrast   , we have specified in advance a single hypothesis h *   , i.e. We then fit model and frame nuisance parameters and found convergence over a wide range of initial values to B = 3.98  , nuisance angle = 36.93    , and nuisance distance = 1.11 mm. The constants σ i of the final model are intended to be universal constants that should be applicable to a wider range of parameters not explicitly tested in our experiment. A classification technique is said to suffer from overjitting when it improves performance over the training documents but reduces performance when applied to new documents  , when compared to another method. The values of this section give the ratio of the standard error of each system/topic group to the standard error of the first system/topic group. Corner landmarks in the map are found with a least-squares model fitting approach that fits corner models to the edge data in the map. This is in contrast to the more widely adopted fitting approach of ordinary least squares where only one variable in the model is assumed to contain error. Section 4 concerns the data collection and fitting procedures for computation of leg model. Hence  , the quasi-steady model we compare with only contains the translational term. All of these computations are subject t o error. In the context of variable selection  , this implies that we may line up the variables in a sequence and include them into the model in a streamwise manner without over-fitting. It is important to note  , however  , that residuals only can reveal problematic models; a random pattern only indicates lack of evidence the model is mis-specified  , not proof that it is correctly specified. We start by fitting the OLS model of income on main effects only for each variable  , using indicator variable coding for the categorical variables. In Figures 9-a and 9-b we compare  , respectively  , the histogram and the OR of the inter-event times generated by the SFP model  , all values rounded up  , with the inter-event times of the individual of Figure 1. In opposition to traditional methods aiming at fitting and sometimes forcing the content of the resources into a prefabricated model  , grounded theory aims at having the underlying model emerge " naturally " from the systematic collection  , rephrasing  , reorganisation and interpretations of the actual sentences and terms of the resources . There is considerable variation within each run -the standard deviation is as much as 15 percent in initial rotational velocity and 5 percent in initial translational velocity. While there are quasi-steady models based on 2D inviscid flow that address added mass and rotational circulation effects  , they usually involve extra fitting parameters and are not robust for large operating range. This distribution seem to follow a powerlaw distribution as we see in Figure 4and when we fit our general Figure 4: General Model: y-axis is the ratio of retweets  , and the x-axis is the number of minutes between a retweet and the original tweet. The constants K i in 6–9 were fitting parameters for the specific nondimensional data sets; they are implied functions of the dimensionless groups  , and would be different for other combinations of values. Notice that our fit is even visually very good  , and it detects seasonalities and up-or down-trends: For example   , our model fitted the success of " Wii " which launched in 2006 and apparently drew attention from the competing " Xbox " . The model used to compose a project from software changes is introduced in Section 4; Section 5 describes the result of fitting such models to actual projects; Section 6 considers ways to validate these empirical results  , and Section 7 outlines steps needed to model other software projects. The model without training is accurate for sufficiently large values of T   , but it cannot be applied for short observations because the quality of parameter fitting deteriorates  , as we showed in Sec. We now discuss how to address two practical challenges in employing our model as a prediction tool. The striking agreement between the fit model and the mean of each collection is achieved at the corresponding edge density by fitting only . Previous work 20  , 57 showed that the use of different measures can impact both the fitting and the predictive performance of the models built by GA: relative measures e.g. At close distances less than 10 cm  , the sonar sensors cannot be used for range measurement however  , with model fitting  , IR can provide precise distances  , enabling the robot to follow the wall and not having t o rely on error-prone dead-reckoning  11. While the empirical data can be readily fitted to many known parsimonious models such as power laws  , log-normal  , or exponential  , there is no guarantee that the fitted model can be used to predict the tail of the distribution or how the distribution changes with the observation window . This type of model is not new in the literature 41  , 10  but they have not been extensively studied   , perhaps due to the lack of empirical data fitting the implied distribution. We were successful in selecting similar developers: the ratio between the largest and smallest developer coefficients was 2.2  , which would mean that the least efficient developer would require 120% additional effort to make a change compared to the most efficient developer  , but Table 2: Results from model fitting. Comparing this with the errors in Table 1  , we see that in the best case this limit is nearly achieved while on average the error is twice the noise level indicating that model error does exist and it is on the same order of magnitude as the noise. In addition to the exploitation of the entire eigensystem of the segment fits and the expression of the model in a view-invariant form  , there are several other differences between our approach and that of Bolle and Cooper.2 We use general quadrics instead of restricting the form of the fitting functions to cylinders and spheres. Their additional restriction gives tighter fits to segments that are of fixed " optimal " size. We therefore evaluate the temporal correlation and the two derivative models by comparing 1 the quality of the summaries generated from these models and 2 their utility towards finding additional tweets from the tweet sample that are related to the event and yet do not contain the keywords from the original queries. Importantly  , the evidence does show that document encoders are evaluating the advantages of the XML standard e.g. The Bernoulli parameter pr ,u in our model  , however  , is specific to a rank r and a user u  , thus leaving more flexibility for setting different hypothesized values for simulation or fitting empirical parameters from log data. To be able to rank a document we needed to specify both the relevant and irrelevant probability distributions for a term  , so we need priors for both. Third  , using the position and orientation of the best leaf candidate  , the robot moves the camera system closer to it to obtain a more detailed view  , which is used to obtain a better model and eventually separate different leaves. Using the above mapping  , the remaining parameter of the amplifier model eq 4a  , internal resistance  , was determined by fitting estimated terminal voltage during an experiment to actual  , using the MATLAB" To calculate the estimated motor current  , the output of eq 3 was fit to the real motor current using actual terminal voltage. Then  , the actual existence of the contour feature is verified by determining disparity between F  , and the content of CW. That is  , we assume individuals have attrition rates that are randomly drawn from this estimated population distribution  , and define the probability of observing a completed chain ω of length Lω to be To address this possibility of over-fitting  , we consider a second heterogeneous attrition model  , in which attrition probabilities Ri are randomly generated from the distribution of estimated attrition rates shown in Figure 1. the jackknife standard errors indicated that a difference of this size was not large enough to be distinguishable from random fluctuations i.e. It is evident that natural language texts are highly noisy and redundant as training data for statistical classification  , and that applying a complete mathematical model to such noisy and redundant data often results in over-fitting and wasteful computation in LLSF. Specifically   , even after being learned on a wealth of training data for a user  , the system could suffer from over-fitting and " cold-start " problem for new visitors the Web site. In our case  , we use global topics and background topics to factor out common words. ECOWEB discovered the following important patterns:  Long-term fitting: Figure 1a shows the original volume of the four activities/keywords as circles  , and our fitted model as solid lines. Two questions must be answered to use this approach: i what family of distributions is used a modeling question  , and ii which distribution to choose from the family given the data a model-fitting question. For a given contour feature F and a circular window image CW  , the following method is used to determine whether C W contains an instance of F: First  , a parameter fitting technique based on moments is applied to determine the most accurate model contour F. of F type hypothetically existing in CW. The steps consist of 1 express the change in the metric in terms of a function of the means and variance of a probability density function over the metric 2 mapping the estimates from the click-based model to judgments for the metric by fitting a distribution to data in the intersection 3 computing estimates for the remaining missing values using query and position based smoothing. Theoretical calculation shows that by reducing the diameter of the disks to 4 mm and adopting the same 150 pm SMA wires  , the bending angle is still in the range f 90 " and the maximum force exertable remains substantially unchanged About 1 N vs. the 4 N generated by the multi-wire configuration proposed by Grant and Hayward ~ 5 1  . They considered that there were other ways of representing the same texts using different markup languages and that limitations in the Consortium's view needed to be evaluated: Fit for purpose as it emerges here is not about fitting a model or matching a markup language to the requirements of specific projects  , it is a general quality of fitness to the strategic objectives for documentation over time. The intersection is the portion of the query-URL pairs that we have both editorial judgments and the user browsing model estimates . One explanation for these features not helping in our experiments may have been due to over-fitting the model on the relatively small data set. Considering SAE with k layers  , the first layer will be the autoencoder  , with the training set as the input. A denoising autoencoder DAE is an improvement of the autoencoder  , which is designed to learn more robust features and prevent the autoencoder from simply learning the identity. 1a  , the autoencoder is trained with native form and its transliterated form together. The autoencoder tries to minimize Eq. Table I also presents some key configurations of the autoencoder . " Meanwhile   , other machine learning methods can also reach the accuracy more than 0.83. The anomaly score is simply defined as autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. However  , the fully connected AE ignores the high dimensionality and spatial structure of an image. The autoencoder is still able to discover interesting patterns in the input set. autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. The architecture of the autoencoder is shown Fig. Map Size " denotes to the height and width of the convolutional feature maps to be pooled. " An autoencoder can also have hidden layer whose size is greater than the size of input layer. We use stacked RBMs to initialize the weights of the encoder we can also optionally further use a deep autoencoder to find a better initialization. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. 6demonstrates the fact that more than 60% of features are zero when the sparsity constraint is utilized in the autoencoder combined with the ReLU activation function. For fair comparison  , all the methods are conducted on the same convolved feature maps learned by a single-hidden-layer sparse autoencoder with a KL sparse constraint. In this way  , the model is able to learn character level " topic " distribution over the features of both scripts jointly. A large number of languages  , including Arabic  , Russian  , and most of the South and South East Asian languages  , are written using indigenous scripts. The loss function of an autoencoder with a single hidden layer is given by  , The hidden layer gets to learn a compressed representation of the input  , such that the original input can be regenerated from it. In that case a sparsity constraint is imposed on the hidden units. The stacked autoencoder as our deep learning architecture result in a accuracy of 0.91. These models utilize the bilingual compositional vector model biCVM of 9 to train a retrieval system based on a bilingual autoencoder. Then we fine-tune the weights of the encoder by minimizing the following objective function: We use stacked RBMs to initialize the weights of the encoder we can also optionally further use a deep autoencoder to find a better initialization. The results obtained using the remaining methods are presented in Table 2. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. However there are a very few extreme rainfall cases compared to normal or no rainfall cases  , that is the data set is biased. Post training  , the abstract level representation of the given terms can be obtained as shown in c. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. To avoid simply learning the identity function  , we can require that the number of hidden nodes be less than the number of input nodes  , or we can use a special regularization term. Dropout technique is utilized in all the experiments in the hidden layer of the sparse autoencoder and the probability of omitting each neural unit is set as 0.5. The autoencoder was found to be computationally infeasible when applied to the described datasets and therefore its retrieval performance is not presented. We regularize the features to be smaller than 1 by dividing the sum of all the selected features. Session: LBR Highlights March 5–8  , 2012  , Boston  , Massachusetts  , USA  Multiple autoencoders can be stacked so that the activations of hidden layer l are used as inputs to the autoencoder at layer l + 1. Local R 2 FP selects the most conductive features in the sub-region and summarizes the joint distribution of the selected features  , which enhances the robustness of the final representation and promotes the separability of the pooled features. As the local R 2 FP deals with the sparse features in the sub-region and the sparseness of features is a vital start point that inspires the proposed method  , it can be assumed that K opt can be affected by the sparsity of the feature maps  , which is determined by the target response of each hidden neuron ρ in the autoencoder. We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. First  , we used the data extracted from DBpedia consisting of the 52 numeric & textual data properties of the City class to test our proposed overall approach SemanticTyper. It is evident from experimental results that our approach has much higher label prediction accuracy and is much more scalable in terms of training time than existing systems. We called this forest  , Reconfigurable Random Forest RRF. We will give a brief summary of the random forest c1assifier. Random Forest Classifier In our production entity matching system  , we sometimes use a Random Forest Classifier RFC 18 for entity matching. We convert the random forest classifier into a DNF formula as explained in Section 4.3. For the data set of small objects  , the Random Forest outperforms the CNN. We describe here a technique to approximate the matcher by a DNF expression. First  , we describe its overall structure Sec. We use Survival Random Forest for this purpose. We use scikit-learn 28 as the implementation of the Random Forest Classifier. By averaging over the response of each tree in the forest  , the input fea ture vector is classified as either stable or not. This method learns a random for- est 2  with each tree greedily optimized to predict the relevance labels y jk of the training examples. Training a single tree involves selecting √ m random intervals  , generating the mean  , standard deviation  , and slope of the random intervals for every series. All the random forest ranking runs are implemented with RankLib 4 . Similar to the balanced Random Forest 7  , EasyEnsemble generates T balanced sub-problems. Solid lines show the performance of the CNNbased model. The more correlated each tree is  , the higher the error rate becomes. The 90 th percentile say of the random contrasts variable importances is calculated. Other methods require  , in fact  , setting the dwell time threshold before the model is actually built. On Restaurants  , for example  , the random forest-based system had run-times ranging from 2–5 s for the entire classification step depending on the iteration. The dimensionality of the template is very high when considering it as the input to the Random Forest The feature vector serves as an input to a Random Forest C lassifier which has been trained offline on a database. For each tree  , a random subset of the total training data is selected that may be overlapping with the subsets for the other trees. The error rate of a random forest depends on two factors: the correlation between trees in the forest and the strength of each individual tree. First  , random forest can achieve good accuarcy even for the problem with many weak variables each variable conveys only a small amount of information. The Random Forest model selects a portion of the data attributes randomly and generates hundreds and thousands of trees accordingly  , and then votes for the best performing one to produce the classification result. Our selected encoding of the input query as pairs of wordpositions and their respective cluster id values allows us to employ the random forest architecture over variable length input. 2 Training a Random Forest: During trammg of the forest  , the optimization variables are the pairs of feature component cPij and threshold B per split node. There were 100 trees used in the random forest approach and in the ensemble for the random subspace approach. The size of the ensembles was chosen to allow for comparison with previous work and corresponds with those authors' recommendations. We submitted two classification runs: RFClassStrict and RFClassLoose. ICTNETVS07 is the Borda Fuse combination of three methods. High F1 score shows that our method achieves high value in both precision and recall. We experimented with several learning schemes on our data and obtained the best results using a random forest classifier as implemented in Weka. the two baselines  , when using a random forest as the base classifier. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. ClassificationCentainty as 'compute the Random forest 4  class probability that has the highest value'. An Evidential Terminological Random Forest ETRF is an ensemble of ETDTs. Figure 7 plots the accuracy of using different groups of features when applying Random Forest. In Random Forest  , we  already randomly select features when building the trees. ICTNETVS02 uses Random Forest text classification model  , the result is the sum of probabilities. The final classification P c|I  , x is given by averaging over these distributions. Our choice is based on previous studies that showed Random Forests are robust to noise and very competitive regarding accuracy 9. RIF draws ideas from the interval feature classifier TSF 6  and we also construct a random forest classifier. Specifically  , our random forest model substantially outperforms all other models as query length increases. For the relevance classifier we use an ensemble approach: Random Forest. The pairwise distance function is learned using a random forest. The scores in Table 9show that our reduced feature set performs better than the baselines on both performance measures. A classification tree is easier to understand for at least two reasons. In particular  , each example is represented by two types of inputs. Each tree is composed of internal nodes and leaves. Document-query pairs which are classified as relevant will award extra relevance score. We disambiguate the author names using random forest 34. The forest cover data contains columns with measurements of various terrain attributes  , which are fairly random within a range. The Random Forest classifier delivers the best result for all three categories. For large objects  , it performs significantly better at higher false positive rates. The classification accuracy of this model is lower than that of the CNN and Random Forest. We use the entire 1.2k labeled examples   , which are collected in December 2014  , to train a Random Forest classifier. However  , this resulted in severe overfitting . We leverage a Random Forest RF classifier to predict whether a specific seller of a product wins the Buy Box. Random Forest is the classifier used. Dashed curves refer to the Random Forest based classifiers. On Persons 1  , all three systems performed equally well  , achieving nearly 100 % F-Measure. The metric we used for our evaluation is the F1-score. classification tree is easier to understand than  , say  , a random forest. Our random forest is composed of binary trees and a weight associated with each tree. Standard generalization bounds for our proposed classifier can readily be derived in terms of the correlation between the trees in the forest and the prediction accuracy of individual trees. For the random forest approach  , we used a single attribute  , 2 attributes and log 2 n + 1 attributes which will be abbreviated as Random Forests-lg in the following.  Time Series Forest TSF 6: TSF overcomes the problem of the huge interval feature space by employing a random forest approach  , using summary statistics of each interval as features.  A deeper investigation confirms our intuition that defective entities have significantly stronger connections with other defective entities than with clean entities. The model turned out to be quite effective in discriminating positive from negative examples. Table 2presents the 15 most informative features to the model. Care was taken to avoid over fitting and to ensure that the learnt trees were not lopsided. We demonstrated that our proposed MLRF technique has many advantages over ranking based methods such as KEX. For pointwise  , random forest is utilized to classify the candidate pairs in the new result. Guild quitting prediction classifiers are built separately for 3 WoW servers: Eitrigg  , Cenarion Circle  , and Bleeding Hollow. We use a Random Forest that predicts stable grasps at similar accuracy as a Convolutional Neural Net CNN and has the additional ability to cluster locally similar data in a supervised manner. We are specifically considering templates that are classified to be graspable. A stopping criterion of the error leveling off suffices. Our training set consists of 13 ,649 images; and among them  , 3 ,784 were pornography and 9 ,865 were not. Predictions using our multi-label random forest can be carried out very efficiently. We next present our random forest model. Our system uses Random Forest RF classifiers with a set of features to determine the rank. Table 7 reports the classification performance for a random forest with 10 trees and unlimited depth and feature counts. As such most digits after the first are randomly distributed. These features are: SessionCount  , SessionsPerUserPerDay and TweetsClickedPerSender. For each user engagement proxy  , we trained a random forest RF classifier using the feature set described in Section 4.2. Figure 2shows the system architecture of CollabSeer. A random forest has many nice characteristics that make it promising for the problem of name disambiguation. Random forest consistently outperforms all other classifiers for every data set  , achieving almost 96% accuracy for the S500 data. Figure 1reports these scores. Then for each number of indicators  , we learn a Random Forest on the learning set and evaluate it. The MIA and CDI validity index calculations are not comparable between datasets due to the different number of attributes used. An alternate keypoint-based approach has been described by Plagemann et al. We base such evaluation on a dataset with 50K observations ad  , dwellT ime  , which refer to 2.5K ads provided by over 850 advertisers. We developed a novel multi-label random forest classifier with prediction costs that are logarithmic in the number of labels while avoiding feature and label space compression. Table 10 shows our best performance according to micro average F and SU. We employ Random Forest classifier in Weka toolkit 2 with default parameter settings. After training the random forest c1assifier as above  , there is a minimum number of training data points at each leaf node. Our indexing structure simply consists of l such LSH Trees  , each constructed with an independently drawn random sequence of hash functions from H. We call this collection of l trees the LSH Forest. The matcher is random forest classifier  , which was learnt by labeling 1000 randomly chosen pairs of listings from the Biz dataset. From classification   , the 2-step approach's Random Forest is used as a baseline MC-RF. PF  , CmF  , TF  , CtF denotes the results when our frameworks used personal features  , community features  , textual features  , and contextual features  , respectively. Gini importance is calculated based on Gini Index or Gini Impurity  , which is the measure of class distribution within a node. We employ Random Forest classifier implementation in Weka toolkit 7 with default parameter settings. For most of them  , the Random forest based classifiers perform similar to CNNbased classifiers  , especially for low false positive rates. The classification is done using a random forest classifier trained on a set of 1700 positive and 4500 negative examples 18. 7 Given the large class imbalance  , we applied asymmetric misclassification costs. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest.  Incorporating both context i.e. In this paper  , the term isolation means 'separating an instance from the rest of the instances'. However   , instead of using time domain intervals  , we use intervals from the data transformed into alternate representations. To convert a random forest into a DNF  , we first convert the space of predicates into a discrete space. We found that for the random forest that we learnt  , the conversion resulted in a DNF formula with 10 clauses. This is a generic technique which we can apply in practice to any arbitrary pair-wise matching function. As of now we do not perform any person specific disambiguation however one could treat acknowledged persons as coauthors and use random forest based author disambiguation 30 . There are two methods of measuring variable importance in a random forest: by Gini importance and by permutation importance. There is small change from 100 to 500 trees  , suggesting that 100 trees might be sufficient to get a reasonable result. To minimize the impact of author name ambiguity problem  , the random forest learning 34  is used to disambiguate the author names so that each vertex represents a distinct author. A pair where the first candidate is better than the second belongs to class +1  , and -1 otherwise. None of the classical methods perform as well. In both works  , the authors showed that there exist some data distributions where maximal unprunned trees used in the random forests do not achieve as good performance as the trees with smaller number of splits and/or smaller node size. A random forest 5  is then built using original and random contrast variables and the variable importance is calculated for all variables. Further  , we limit ourselves to the " Central " evaluation setting that is  , only central documents are accepted as relevant and use F1 as our evaluation measure. Random subspaces ties for the most times as statistically significantly more accurate than C4 .5  , but is also less accurate the most times. It is possible to use the out of bag error to decide when to stop adding classifiers to a random forest ensemble or bagged ensemble. We compare two strategies for selecting training data: backward and random. The mean decrease Gini score associated by a random forest to a feature is an indicator of how much this feature helps to separate documents from different classes in the trees. In sum  , most of the previous work has tackled issues related to improving the choice of features or the quality of the forest of trees. rate  , receive-rate  , reply-rate  , replied-rate yield the best performance with AUC > 0.78 for female to sample male  , and AUC > 0.8 for male to sample female to male under the Random Forest model among all graph-based features. Hence  , when a forest of random trees collectively produce shorter path lengths for some particular points  , then they are highly likely to be anomalies. Laplacian kernels are defined mathematically by the pseudoinversion of the graph's Laplacian matrix L. Depending on the precise definition  , Laplacian kernels are known as resistance distance kernels 15  , random forest kernels 2  , random walk or mean passage time kernels 4  and von Neumann kernels 14. An example of generated classification tree is shown in Figure 1due to limited space  , we just show the left-hand subtree of the root node. For each of the three tested categories we trained a different classifier based on the Random Forest model described in Section 3.2.2. This can be easily debugged in the random forest framework by tracing the ad down to its leaf nodes and examining its nearest neighbours. This enabled us to efficiently carry out fine grained bid phrase recommendation in a few milliseconds using 10 Gb of RAM. Then  , calculate the error rate of the random forest on the entire original data  , where the classification for each data point is done only by its out-of-bag trees. Given a query template that is c1assified by the Random Forest  , we can not only predict its probability to afford a successful grasp but also make predictions about latent variables based on the training examples at the corresponding leaf nodes. In other words  , we can see that the HeteroSales framework is especially useful in the case when we only have a limited number of training data. Given the feature set and the class labels stable or shrinking  , we want to predict whether a group or community is likely to remain stable or will start shrinking over a period of time. The cost of traversing each tree is logarithmic in the total number of training points which is almost the same as being logarithmic in the total number of labels. For instance  , if two labels are perfectly correlated then they will end up in the same leaf nodes and hence will be either predicted  , or not predicted  , together. The only conceptual change is that now yi ∈ ℜ K + and that predictions are made by data points in leaf nodes voting for labels with non-negative real numbers rather than casting binary votes. For example  , we can divide the range of values of JaroWinklerDistance into three bins  , and call them high  , medium and low match. The predictive accuracy of our implementation of survival random forest is assessed with an o↵-line test. Hence  , connectivity-based unsupervised classifiers offer a viable solution for cross and within project defect predictions. We conjecture that the decrease in performance when changing to a within-project setting is caused by the low ratio of defects i.e. Table 7shows 10 most indicative features in the MIX+CKP model according to this measurement. In the first experiment we apply the previously trained Random Forest model to identify matching products for the top 10 TV brands in the WDC dataset. Note that it was not always the case that the best performance was achieved in the last iteration. We also found that adding implicit state information that is predicted by our classifier increases the possibility to find state-level geolocation unambiguously by up to 80%. Table 2The performance of submitted runs with vital only Table 3shows the retrieval performance of our submitted two runs for Stream Slotting Filling task. For each selected name  , we then manually cluster all the articles in Medline written by that name. Specifically  , a Random Forest model is used in the provided Aqqu implementation. We employ a random forest classifier as the discriminative model and use its natural ability to cluster similar data points at the leaf nodes for the retrieval task. For Australian   , German and Ionosphere data sets there is improvement of 1.98%  , 5.06% and 0.4% respectively when compared with Random Forest Classifier. These results strongly support our claim that our generic ordering heuristic works well in a variety of application domains. We design a Multi-Label Random Forest MLRF classifier whose prediction costs are logarithmic in the number of labels and which can make predictions in a few milliseconds using 10 GB of RAM. We use the most recent 400 examples as hold-out test set  , and gradually add in examples to the training set by batches of size 50  , and train a Random Forest classifier. Analyzing hundreds of tweets from Twitter timeline we noticed some interesting points. In addition  , a random forest is very fast both in the training and making predictions  , thus making it ideal for a large scale problem such as name disambiguation. Here  , we first give the formal formulation of the author name disambiguation problem and then define the set of attributes  , called the similarity profile  , that will be used by random forest for disambiguation. For both the intrinsic and the stacked models  , we use the Random Forest classifier provided by Weka  , set to use 100 trees  , and the default behavior for all other settings. After another 500 random planning queries  , the empty area that was originally occupied by the obstacle is quickly and evenly filled with new nodes  , as shown in Figure 8d. Positive examples were obtained by setting up the laser scanner in an open area with significant pedestrian traffic; all clusters which lay in the open areas and met the threshold in Sec. In the body-part detector used by Microsoft's Xbox Kinect 1   , each pixel is classified based on depth differences of neighbouring pixels using a random forest classifier. The Forest Cover Type problem considered in Figure 9is a particularly challenging dataset because of its size both in terms of the number of the instances and the number of attributes. We discuss how to automatically generate training data for our Multi-Label Random Forest classifier and show how it can be trained efficiently and used for making predictions in a few milliseconds . In the rest of the experiments  , we configured Prophiler to use these classifiers. In particular  , the random forest classifier achieves an AUC value of 0.71 in a cross-project setting  , but yields a lower AUC value of 0.67 in a within-project setting. The reduced random forest model using just those two variables can attain almost 90% accuracy. Our experiments with feature selections also demonstrate that near-optimal accuracy can be achieved with just four variables  , the inverse document frequency value of author's last name and the similarity between author's middle name  , their affiliations' tfidf similarity   , and the difference in publication years. Please note that we build a global classifier with all training instances instead of building a local classifier for each entity for simplicity. We will show that we can predict the global object shape based on the locally similar exemplars. We perform modelling experiments framed as a binary classification problem where the positive class consists of 217 of the re-clicked Tweets analysed above 5 . Figure 6 shows that with the three features contributing most to model accuracy a random forest model can achieve a similar result as it would with 80 features or more. Figure 2shows the results for the random forest base classifier. If the random forest-based classifier is used on Restaurants  , the difference widens by about 1 % see previous footnote. The MLP-based system achieved run-times ranging from 17 s for the first iteration to almost 20 min for the final iteration. The final ranking is performed using the same learning-to-rank method as the baseline Aqqu system 3  , which uses the Random Forest model. This reasoning may partially explain why ensemble tree models  , such as Random Forest  , are considered superior to standalone tree models. As we are using binary indicators  , some form of majority voting is probably the simplest possible rule but using such as rule implies to choose very carefully the indicators 13. We develop a sparse semi-supervised multi-label learning formulation in Section 4 to mitigate the effects of biases introduced in automatic training set generation. We evaluated the bid phrase recommendations of our multilabel random forest classifier on a test set of 5 million ads. Only our proposed Random- Forest model manages to learn the discriminating features of long queries as well as those of short ones  , and successfully differentiates between CQA queries and other queries even at queries of length 9 and above. Table 4presents examples for queries of different length in each domain  , which illustrate the differences between the tested domains. All the classifiers are implemented with random forest classification model  , which was reported as the best classification model in CCR. They also explored using random forest classification to score verticals run ICTNETVS02  , whereby expanded query representations based on results from the Google Custom Search API were used. We achieved convergence around 300 trees  , We also optimized the percentage of features to be considered as candidates during node splitting  , as well as the maximum allowed number of leaf nodes. At test time  , the random forest will produce T class distributions per pixel x. Especially in our case where the input forms a local shape representation  , these reduced data sets are clusters of locally similar data. These variables can recover the global shape of the associated object. On Persons 1  , the three curves are near -coincidental  , while in the case of ACM-DBLP  , the best performance of the proposed system was achieved in the first iteration itself hence  , two curves are coincidental. Given this disparity in run-times between the two classifiers  , the random forest is clearly a better base classifier choice for the IAEI benchmarks  , and considering only the slight performance penalty  , ACM-DBLP as well. We can observe that the other classifiers achieve high recall  , i.e. The random forest classifier offers two means of determining feature importance: Out of Bag Permuted Variable Error PVE and the Gini Impurity measure 2 . These results indicate that these two feature sets are most influential among all feature sets. Thus  , the dependent variable is represented by the cluster implementation priority high or low   , while we use as predictor features: The number of reviews in the cluster |reviews|. These features include the similarity between a and b's name strings  , the relationship between the authoring order of a in p and the order of b in q  , the string similarity between the affiliations  , the similarity between emails  , the similarity between coauthors' names  , the similarity between titles of p and q  , and several other features. result in the best performance with AUC > 0.76 for female to sample male  , and AUC > 0.8 for male to sample female under Random Forest model among all user-based features  , while the topological features Figure 5: Performance of classifiers with user-based  , graph-based  , and all features to predict reciprocal links from males to females. The core problem in developing an efficient disk-based index is to lay out the prefix tree on disk in such a fashion as to minimize the number of disk accesses required to navigate down the tree for a query  , and also to minimize the number of random disk seeks required for all index operations. A similar approach is suggested by Lafferty and Zhai 9Table 1shows an example relevance model estimated from some relevant documents for TREC ad-hoc topic 400 " amazon rain forest " . Also in this step CLAP makes use of the Random Forest machine learner with the aim of labelling each cluster as high or low priority  , where high priority indicates clusters CLAP recommends to be implemented in the next app release. Finally  , while we did assume label independence during random forest construction  , label correlations present in the training data will be learnt and implicitly taken into account while making predictions. Viterbi recognizer search. References will usually denote entities contained in the discourse model  , which is updated after every utterance with entities introduced in that utterance. When optimizing the model the most likely path through the second level model is sought by the Viterbi approxima- tion 24 . Even though we have described the tasks of content selection and surface realization separately  , in practice OCELOT selects and arranges words simultaneously when constructing a summary . This approach is similar to the one described in  Second  , we tested a more sophisticated named entity recognizer NER based upon a regularized maximum entropy classifier with Viterbi decoding. The sequence of states is seen as a preliminary segmentation. The decoder can handle position-dependent  , cross-word triphones and lexicons with contextual pronunciations. served as ranking criterion. To bootstrap this rst training stage  , an initial state-level segmentation was obtained by a Viterbi alignment using our last evaluation system. This is a typical decoding task  , and the Viterbi decoding technique can be used. where y* is the class label with the highest posterior probability under the model IJ  , or the most likely label sequence the Viterbi parse. We have improved the Viterbi-based splitting model feeding it with a dataset larger than the one used in 1. The Viterbi Doc-Audition scoring method is a straightforward procedure that ranks those documents with repertoires containing a highly-weighted pseudoquery above those that are top renderers only of lowerweighted ones. 2 A Viterbi distribution emitting the probability of the sequence of words in a sentence. We can also adjust the model parameters such as transition  , emission and initial probabilities to maximize the probability of an observable sequence. Modelling the speech signal could be approached through developing acoustic and language models. σ  , the number of documents to which a cluster's score is distributed Equation 3: {5 ,10 ,20 ,30 ,40} ρ  , the number of rounds: 1–2  , Cluster-Audition; 1–5  , Viterbi Doc-Audition and Doc-Audition. Augmenting each word with its possible document positions  , we therefore have the input for the Viterbi program  , as shown below: For this 48-word sentence  , there are a total of 5.08 × 10 27 possible position sequences. We have used the Google N-grams collection 6   , taking the frequency of words from the English One Million collection of Google books from years 1999 to 2009. We apply generic Viterbi search techniques to efficiently find a near-optimal summary 7. In this step  , if any document sentence contributes only stop words for the summary  , the matching is cancelled since the stop words are more likely to be inserted by humans rather than coming from the original document. Scores are assigned to each expansion by combining the backward score g  , computed by the translation model from the end to the current position of i  , and the forward score h computed by the Viterbi search from the initial to the current position of i. The Viterbi path contains seven states as the seventh state was generated by the sixth state and a transition to the seventh state. There are many approaches for doing this search  , the most common approach that is currently used is Viterbi beam search that searches for the best decoding hypothesis with the possibility to prune away the hypotheses with small scores. To appl9 machine learning to this problem  , we need a large collection of gistcd web pages for training. There are a number of possible criteria for the optimality of decoding  , the most widely used being Viterbi decoding. The connection to VT should be clear: if one introduces the hidden variable I denoting the index of the model that generated the sequence Y as a non-emitting state then the procedure can be thought of as the partial Viterbi alignment of Y to the states where only the alignment w.r.t. Therefore  , every word is determined a most likely document tion. BSBM supposes a realistic web application where the users can browse products and reviews. BSBM generates a query mix based on 12 queries template and 40 predicates. We randomly generated 100 different query mix of the " explore " use-case of BSBM. Each dataset has its own community of 50 clients running BSBM queries. On the BSBM dataset  , the performance of all systems is comparable for small dataset sizes  , but RW-TR scales better to large dataset sizes  , for the largest BSBM dataset it is on average up to 10 times faster than Sesame and up to 25 times faster than Virtuoso. This behavior promotes the local cache. Two synthetic datasets generated using RDF benchmark generators BSBM 2 and SP2B 3 were used for scalability evaluation. We extend the BSBM by trust assessments. The BSBM executes a mix of 12 SPARQL queries over generated sets of RDF data; the datasets are scalable to different sizes based on a scaling factor. The queries are in line with the BSBM mix of SPARQL queries and with the BSBM e-commerce use case that considers products as well as offers and reviews for these products. Due to space limitations   , we do not present our queries in detail; we refer the reader to the tSPARQL specification instead. The sp2b uses bibliographic data from dblp 12 as its test data set  , while the bsbm benchmark considers eCommerce as its subject area. This is normal because the cache has a limited size and the temporal locality of the cache reduce its utility. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. We compare the native SQL queries N  , which are specified in the BSBM benchmark with the ones resulting from the translation of SPARQL queries generated by Morph. 5 BSBM is currently focused on SPARQL queries  , therefore we plan to develop a set of representative SPARQL/Update operations to cover all features of our approach. We found that for the BSBM dataset/queries the average execution time stays approximately the same  , while the geometric mean slightly increases. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark 17 BSBM also generates fulltext content and person names. Figure 6 shows the results of these evaluations. For more details of the evaluation framework please refer to 15 ,16. Therefore  , 5 entries in the profile is sometimes not enough to compute a good similarity. The experimental results in Table 5show that exploiting the emergent relational schema even in this very preliminary implementation already improves the performance of Virtuoso on a number of BSBM Explore queries by up to a factor of 5.8 Q3  , Hot run. The geometric mean does not change dramatically  , because most queries do not touch more data on a larger dataset. Finally  , we present our conclusions and future work in Section 5. We also take into account that resources of BSBM data fall into different classes. We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator  , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method. Our extension  , available from the project website  , reads the named graphs-based datasets  , generates a consumer-specific trust value for each named graph  , and creates an assessments graph. Figure 6shows the distribution of queries over clients. The size of table productfeatureproduct is significantly bigger than the table product 280K rows vs 5M rows. For the LUBM dataset/queries the geometric mean stays approximately the same  , whilst the average execution time decreases. We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 2 to set up the experiment environment. We generate co-reference for each class separately to make sure that resources are only equivalent to those of the same class. In Section 4 we describe our evaluation using the BSBM synthetic benchmark  , and three positive experiences of applying our approach in real case projects. Figure 4bshows that the number of calls answered by caches are proportional with the size of the cache. As in the previous experimentation  , we run a new experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M hosted on the same LDF server with 2 different URLs. Two set of queries are used to perform two tasks: building a type summary and calculating some bibliometrics-based summary.  BSBM SQL 4 contains a join between two tables product and producttypeproduct and three subqueries  , two of them are used as OR operators. The flow of BSBM queries simulates a real user interacting with a web application. The SP 2 Bench and BSBM were not considered for our RDF fulltext benchmark simply due to the fact of their very recent publication. The BSBM benchmark 1 is built around an e-commerce use case  , and its data generator supports the creation of arbitrarily large datasets using the number of products as scale factor. Although not included here  , we also evaluated those queries using D2R 0.8.1 with the –fast option enabled. The measured total time for a run includes everything from query optimization until the result set is fully traversed  , but the decoding of the results is not forced. During query execution the engine determines trust values with the simple  , provenance-based trust function introduced before. Enriching these benchmarks with real world fulltext content and fulltext queries is very much in our favor. Additionally  , a subset of the realworld data collection Biocyc 1 that consists of 1763 databases describing the genome and metabolic pathways of a single organism was used. Most surprisingly  , the RDFa data that dominates WebDataCommons and even DBpedia is more than 90% regular. For this setting  , the chart in Figure 9b depicts the average times to execute the BSBM query mix; furthermore  , the chart puts the measures in relation to the times obtained for our engine with a trust value cache in the previous experiment. We run an experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M  , hosted on the same LDF server with 2 differents URLs. The BSBM SPARQL queries are designed in such a way that they contain different types of queries and operators  , including SELECT/CONTRUCT/DESCRIBE  , OPTIONAL  , UNION. To understand this behaviour better  , we analyzed the query plans generated by the RDBMS. For BSBM we executed the same ten generated queries from each category  , computed the category average and reported the average and geometric mean over all categories. The Social Intelligence BenchMark SIB 11  is an RDF benchmark that introduces the S3G2 Scalable Structure-correlated Social Graph Generator for generating social graphs that contain certain structural correlations. In the same spirit  , the corresponding SQL queries also consider various properties such as low selectivity  , high selectivity  , inner join  , left outer join  , and union among many others. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. To measure the impact of this extension on query execution times we compare the results of executing our extended version of the BSBM with ARQ and with our tSPARQL query engine. As the chart illustrates  , determing trust values during query execution dominates the query execution time. The data generator is able to generate datasets with different sizes containing entities normally involved in the domain e.g. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. Both benchmarks allow for the creation of arbitrary sized data sets  , although the number of attributes for any given class is lower than the numbers found in the ssa. While the BSBM benchmark is considered as a standard way of evaluating RDB2RDF approaches  , given the fact that it is very comprehensive  , we were also interested in analysing real-world queries from projects that we had access to  , and where there were issues with respect to the performance of the SPARQL to SQL query rewriting approach. The BSBM benchmark 5  focuses on the e-commerce domain and provides a data generation tool and a set of twelve SPARQL queries together with their corresponding SQL queries generated by hand. In all the cases  , we compare the queries generated by D2R Server with –fast enabled with the queries generated by Morph with subquery and self-join elimination enabled. These properties are considered as random influence. The requirement for random access can be accommodated with conventional indexing or hashing methods. One method  , the VP-tree 36  , partitions the data space into spherical cuts by selecting random reference points from the data. With regard to the unexpectedness of the highly relevant results relevancy>=4 Random indexing outperforms the other systems  , however hyProximity offers a slightly more unexpected suggestions if we consider only the most relevant results relevan- cy=5. It offers a scalable approach to the construction of document signatures by applying random indexing 30  , or random projections 3 and numeric quantization. Random " subsequent queries are submitted to the library  , and the retrieved documents are collected. Recently  , several approaches have been developed for selecting references for reference-based indexing 11  , 17. bound3 is the bound obtained using a random point rand inside the hull. 9 proposed a block-based index to improve retrieval speed by reducing random accesses to posting lists. The key of most techniques is to exploit random projection to tackle the curse of dimensionality issue  , such as Locality-Sensitive Hashing LSH 20   , a very well-known and highly successful technique in this area. Finally  , comparing the different reaulta for 11 and A1 in table -4  , it can be aeen that indexing A1 provides better retrieval results than 11. weight 0 random ord. Hence  , in the DocSpace the similarity between documents is computed by the traditional cosine similarity. Users also indicated that Random Indexing provided more general suggestions  , while those provided by hyProximity were more granular. To simulate the distributed environment  , the documents were allocated into 32 different databases using a random allocator with replication. While hyProximity scores best considering the general relevance of suggestions in isolation  , Random Indexing scores best in terms of unexpectedness. This demonstrates the real ability of Linked Data-based systems to provide the user with valuable relevant concepts. With regard to recall  , Random Indexing outperforms the other approaches for 200 top-ranked suggestions. The two most important exceptions that require special attention are historical data support and geometric modellii. HyProximity measures improve the baseline across all performance measures  , while Random indexing improves it only with regard to recall and F-measure for less than 200 suggestions. Then  , the distribution of the scores of all documents in a library is modelled by the random variable To derive the document score distribution in step 2  , we can view the indexing weights of term t in all documents in a library as a random variable X t . It is especially useful in cases when it is possible to consider a large number of suggestions which include false positives -such as the case when the keyword suggestions are used for expert crawling. It seems clear that patlems occurring in random indexing can be profitably exploited  , and surprisingly quickly. To build the DocSpace  , Semantic Vectors rely on a technique called Random Indexing 4  , which performs a matrix reduction of the term-document matrix. The gold standard-based evaluation reveals a superior performance of hyProximity in cases where precision is preferred; Random Indexing performed better in case of recall. The shakwat group University of Paris 8 experimented with a random-walk approach using a space built using semantic indexing  , and containing the blog posts  , as well as the headlines  , in a window around the date of the topic. Those models are based on the Harris Harris  , 1968 distributional hypothesis  , which states that words that appear in similar context have similar meanings. For the chosen innovation problem  , the evaluators were presented with the lists of 30 top-ranked suggestions generated by ad- Words  , hyProximity mixed approach and Random Indexing. saving all the required random edge-sets together during a single scan over the edges of the web graph. On the 99-node cluster  , indexing time for the first English segment of the ClueWeb09 collection ∼50 million pages was 145 minutes averaged over three trials; the fastest and slowest running times differed by less than 10 minutes. Details of these datasets appear in Appendix A. The Semantic space method we use in the context of the Blog-Track'09 is Random Indexing RI  , which is not a typical method in the family of Semantic space methods. This representation is finally translated into a binary image signature using random indexing for efficient retrieval. The significance of differences is confirmed by the T-test for paired values for each two methods p<0.05. We then asked them to rate the relevancy and unexpectedness of suggestions using the above described scales. According to the preference towards more general or more specific concepts  , it is therefore possible to advise the user with regard to which of the two methods is more suitable for the specific use case. We used Random Indexing 6  to build distributional semantic representations i.e. The difference in unexpectedness is significant only in the case of Random Indexing vs. baseline. In addition  , our user study evaluation confirmed the superior performance of Linked Data-based approaches both in terms of relevance and unexpectedness. We took great care to match the SHORE/C++ implementation as closely as possible  , including using the same C library random number generator and initializing it with the same seed so as to generate the same sequence of random numbers used to build the OO7 benchmark database and to drive the benchmark traversals. Query type Q1 of the QUERY test represents a sequence of random proximity queries details below. We present two Linked Data-based methods: 1 a structure-based similarity based solely on exploration of the semantics defined concepts and relations in an RDF graph  , 2 a statistical semantics method  , Random Indexing  , applied to the RDF in order to calculate a structure-based statistical semantics similarity. We tested the differences in relevance for all methods using the paired T-test over subjects individual means  , and the tests indicated that the difference in relevance between each pair is significant p <0.05. Therefore  , starting with S1 document removal  , we began by indexing a random selection of 10% of the documents from the document collection. We show later that the ALSH derived from minhash  , which we call asymmetric minwise hashing MH-ALSH  , is more suitable for indexing set intersection for sparse binary vectors than the existing ALSHs for general inner products. In general  , our methods start from a set of Initial/seed Concepts IC  , and provide a ranked list of suggested concepts relevant to IC. Commercial systems like AltaVista Image Search only index the easy-to-see image captions like text-replacement  " ALT "  strings  , achieving good precision accuracy in the images they retrieve but poor recall thoroughness in finding relevant images. For instance  , in a sample of 38720 documents drawn at random from the Online Public Access Catalogue OPAC of the Universitätsbibliothek at Karlsruhe University TH  , 11594 approximately 30% had no keyword  , although the library has the reputation for having the best catalogue in Germany. The first method called hyProximity  , is a structure-based similarity which explores different strategies based on the semantics inherent in an RDF graph  , while the second one  , Random Indexing  , applies a well-known statistical semantics from Information Retrieval to RDF  , in order to identify the relevant set of both direct and lateral topics. As the baseline we use the state of the art adWords keyword recommender from Google that finds similar topics based on their distribution in textual corpora and the corpora of search queries. We rst describe  , in the next section  , how collection indexing was performed. In order to use support vector machine  , kernel function should be defined. During testing phase  , the texture fea­ ture extracted from the image will be classified by the support vector machine. In the faceted distillation task  , we use the support vector machine to evaluate the extent to which a blog post is opinionated. Mathematical details of support vector machine can be found in 16J. special effects. 36 train a support vector machine to extract mathematical expressions and their natural language phrase. Section 3 addresses the concept and importance of transductive inference  , together with the review of a well-known transductive support vector machine provided by T. Joachims. SV M struct generalizes multi-class Support Vector Machine learning to complex data with features extracted from both inputs and outputs. A more general definition of a pattern can involve mixed node types within one pattern  , but is beyond the scope of this paper. Probabilistic graphical models can further be grouped into generative models and discriminative models. Consider a two class classification problem. As expected  , the Support Vector Machine was the most robust method  , also with respect to outliers  , i.e. The final generalization of the Support Vector Machine is to the nonseparable case. For support vector machine  , the polynomial kernel with degree 3 was used. It is based on structural risk minimization principle from computational learning theory. In the second set of experiments  , we use transductive support vector machine for model training. We show that the proposed general framework has a close relationship with the Pairwise Support Vector Machine. used six electrodes mounted on target muscles and a support vector machine was employed as a classifier 2. Maximizing the margin enhances the generalization capability of a support vector machine 16. Note  , that this phrase also includes function words  , etc. While classifiers differ  , we believe our results enable qualitative conclusions about the machine predictability of tags for state of the art text classifiers. It was able to orient our test images with modest accuracy  , but its performance was insufficient to break the captcha. Furthermore  , a method for utilising the HSS as the basis for Support-Vector Machine person recognition was detailed. A large majority of them are either provably or potentially unstable. The support state of a walking machine is a binary row vector  , whose com onents are the support states of its individual legs 4f There are in all 26 or 64 possible support states for a six-legged machine. It is organized as follows: Section 2 presents the question classification problem; Section 3 compares several machine learning approaches to question classification with conventional surface text features; Section 4 describes a special kernel function called tree kernel to enable the Support Vector Machines to take advantage of the syntactic structures of questions; Section 5 is the related work; and Section 6 concludes the paper. One binary support vector machine is trained for each unordered pair of classes on the training document set resulting in m*m-1/2 support vector machines. We detect the name entities using a support vector machine-based classifier 13  , and use the tagged Brown corpus 1 as training examples to train the classifier. By adding virtual relevant documents generated by transformation of original documents to training set  , we could improve performance significantly. We also show results that demonstrate the advantages of our approach over support vector machine based models. Machine learning methods such as support vector machines were usually employed in the classification. A support vector machine was trained on the first three quarters of the data and tested on the unused data. We tried training a support vector machine to predict the category labels of the snippets. According to this strategy  , fields in records are encoded using feature vectors that are used to train a binary support vector machine classifier. Experiment results show that our new idea on the feature is successful at least in this field. The approach taken was to train a support vector machine based upon textual features using active learning. Teo and Vishwanathan proposed fast and space efficient string kernels based on SAs and used the kernel with the support vector machine 33. However  , query classification was not extensively applied to query dependent ranking  , probably due to the difficulty of the query classification problem. However  , they assume that the features depend only on the input sequence and are independent of the output tag sequence. We report results as averages across all EC classes in We performed " one-class vs. rest " Support Vector Machine classification and repeated this for all six EC top level classes. This section presents the core of CSurf's Context Analyzer module  , that drives contextual browsing. They formalized the problem as that of classification and employed Support Vector Machines as the classifier. Three runs were conducted  , one based on nouns  , one based on stylometric properties  , and one based on punctuation statistics. Georeferencing has not only been applied to images or videos. Predictability " is approximated by the predictive power of a support vector machine. Many classifiers can be used with kernels  , we use Support Vector Machine. We compare the results obtained using the kernel functions defined in Sect. Because the task is a binary classification personal or organizational   , a support vector machine was used Chang and Lin 2011. The method was tested in the domain of robot localization. The whole system consists of three major compo­ nents  , namely texture feature extractor  , texture clas­ sifier and boundary detector. The feature will be put into the support vector machine and the associated da.% will be reported. 9  also describes a classification of outliers using a ball  , as a special case of One-class classification . We will use support vector machine classification and term-based representations of comments to automatically categorize comments as likely to obtain a high overall rating or not. Then  , titles from the same PDFs were extracted with a Support Vector Machine from Cite- Seer 1 to compare results. Our dataset PDFs  , software  , results is available upon request so that other researchers can evaluate our heuristics and do further research. A failure here results in the exploitation of visual features which are used as input to a support-vector machine based classifier. The support vector machine then learns the hyperplane that separates the positive and negative training instances with the highest margin. This run used a support vector machine built from the normal features in Table 5to retrieve documents using a hybrid representation. Our official submission  , however  , was based on the reduced document model in which text between certain tags was indexed. Support Vector Machine based text categorization 8  is adopted to automatically classify a textual document into a set of predefined hierarchy that consists of more than 1k categories. 18  propose three margin based methods in Support Vector Machine to select examples for querying which reduce the version space as much as possible. The emotional state annotations are derived through a framework based on a Multi-layer Support Vector Machine ap- proach 18. Once we have computed the distance for each field of the record pair  , we use a support vector machine to determine the overall goodness of the match. We then train a two-class support vector machine with the labelled feature vectors. The shallow semantic parser we use is the ASSERT parser  , which is trained on the PropBank Kingsbury et al. PropBank was manually annotated with verbargument structures. The confidence of the learned classifier is then used as a similarity metric for the records. Surprisingly  , our simple rule based heuristic performed better than a support vector machine. As already mentioned  , a VAD system tries to determine when a verbalization starts and when it ends. Then  , the signal is classified as voice or unvoice using a Support Vector Machine classifier. In general our contiguous support vector machine is more  sitive and more specific. One would need more data  , especially of control subjects to be able to state that automatic methods always significantly outperform human observers in clinical practice. One-class classification 9  transfers the problem of detecting outliers to a quadratic program solved by Support Vector Machine. This paper presents our research work on automatic question classification through machine learning approaches  , especially the Support Vector Machines. We still use Support Vector Machine  , a common  , simple yet powerful tool  , as the classifier. For example  , an article on Support Vector Machines might not mention the words machine learning explicitly  , since it is a specialized topic in the field of machine learning. The table that follows summarises generalization performance percentage of correct predictions on test sets of the Balancing Board Machine BBM on 6 standard benchmarking data sets from the UCI Repository  , comparing results for illustrative purposes with equivalent hard margin support vector machines. Results of a systematic and large-scale evaluation on our YouTube dataset show promising results  , and demonstrate the viability of our approach. Two sources of relevance annotations were used for different runs: the official annotations   , provided by the topic authorities; and annotations provided by a member of the Melbourne team with e-discovery experience though not legal training. Surprisingly  , this simple rule based heuristic performs better than a Support Vector Machine based approach. Since the appearance of microarray technology in to­ day's biological experiment  , gene expression data gen­ erated by various microarray experiments have in­ creased enormously  , and lots of works based on these data have been published. The underlying distribution of the unlabeled data is also investigated to choose the most representative examples 10. In the framework of Support Vector Machine18  , three methods have been proposed to measure the uncertainty of simple data  , which are referred as simple margin  , MaxMin margin and ratio margin. Most research are focused on analyzing microarray gene expression either to determine significant pathways that contribute to a phenotype of interest or deal with features genes selection problem. Pang and Lee found that using the Support Vector Machine classifier with unigrams and feature presence resulted in a threefold classification accuracy of 83%; therefore we also follow this strategy and use unigrams and only take into account feature presence. We used an opinionated lexicon consisting of 389 words  , which is a subset complied from the MPQA subjective lexicon 11. The well-known kernel trick is difficult to be applied to 9  , while kernel trick is considered as one of the main benefits of the traditional support vector machine. 2005   , who show that explicit feature mapping is preferable to implicit feature mapping using   , for example  , suffix trees for support vector machine training and classification of strings  , when using small k-mers. The knowcenter group classified the topic-relevant blogs using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset. Their method was compared with five feature selection methods using two classifiers: K-nearest neighbour and support vector machine and it preformed the best for three microarray datasets. 15  proposes a multi-Criteria-based active learning for the problem of named entity recognition using Support Vector Machine. One of the most well-known approaches within this group is support vector machine active learning developed by Tong and Koller 31. After doing so  , we can produce a probabilistic spatiotemporal model of an event. This work was extended to assign features to each of the regions such as spatial features  , number of images  , sizes  , links  , form info  , etc that were then fed into a Support Vector Machine to assign an importance measurement to them. Support Vector Machine is trained to produce initial group suggestion as the baseline. Three experiments were conducted  , one based on nouns  , one based on stylometric properties  , and one based on punctuation statistics. The resulting blogs were classified using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset. A central goal of the music information retrieval community is to create systems that efficiently store and retrieve songs from large databases of musical content 7. Basically  , Support Vector Machine aim at searching for a hyperplane that separates the positive data points and the negative data points with maximum margin. A support vector machine classifier is able to achieve an identification accuracy of over 88% using either the full force profile over the insertion or through the section of perceive work and stiffness metrics. During learning phase  , the support vector machine will be trained to learn the edge and non­ edge pattern. When the sequence length t is large  , the huge number of classes makes the multi-class Support Vector Machine infeasible. Simple margin measures the uncertainty of an simple example x by its distance to the hyperplane w calculated as: In the framework of Support Vector Machine18  , three methods have been proposed to measure the uncertainty of simple data  , which are referred as simple margin  , MaxMin margin and ratio margin. Similar to regular Support Vector Machine  , a straightforward way to which is based on the negative value of the prediction score given by formula 10. Additionally  , we could show that it is possible to precisely predict the action  , by using a Support Vector Machine. In reducing total prediction error MNSE and AME polynomial kernel produced the best result while in predicting trend DS  , CU and CD radial basis and polynomial kernel produced equally good results. Using a support vector machine with normalized quadratic kernel and an all-pairs method  , this yields an accuracy of 67.9%. The importance measurement was used to order the display of regions for single column display. In addition  , we present a new tensor model that not only incorporates the domain knowledge but also well estimates the missing data and avoids noises to properly handle multi-source data. For the second step  , we employ a support vector machine as our classifier model. The selection of which method to use may depend on the implementation hardware as each provides similar statistical performance. Second  , they take a one-vs-all approach and learn a discriminative classifier a support vector machine or a regularized least-squares classifier for each term in the First  , they use a set of web-documents associated with an artist whereas we use multiple song-specific annotations for each song in our corpus. It is clear that popularity of topics vary over time  , new topics emerge and some topics cease to exist. Support vector machine has been proven to be an efficient classifier in text mining 1 . Note that the features in sequence labeling not only depend on the input sequence s  , but also depends on the output y. In the following section  , we describe how the distance metric F i is learned. Due to its popularity and success in the previous studies  , it is used as the baseline approach in our study. We used synonymous word pairs extracted from Word- Net synsets as positive training examples and automatically generated non-synonymous word pairs as negative training examples to train a two-class support vector machine in section 3.4. We present an approach where potential target mentions of an SE are ranked using supervised machine learning Support Vector Machines where the main features are the syntactic configurations typed dependency paths connecting the SE and the mention. Borrowing from past studies on demographic inference   , three types of features were used for distinguishing between account types: 1 post content features  , 2 stylistic features  , how the information is presented  , and 3 structural and behavioral features based on how the account interacts with others. In the third set of experiments   , we apply our framework in the same manner as the first set  , except that the unformatted text block detection component is not used. Once the name entities are detected  , we compute their occurrence frequencies within the document corpus  , and discard those name entities which have very low occurrence values. For questions with a simple answer pattern  , the answer candidates can be found by fixed pattern matching. Our pattern matching component consists of two parts  , fixed pattern matching and partial pattern matching. We now define the graph pattern matching problem in a distributed setting. Patterns are organized in a list according to their scores. One promising technique to circumvent this is soft pattern matching. Pattern matching is simple to manipulate results and implement. Consequently  , we believe that any practical IE optimizer must optimize pattern matching. Next  , each model's location is estimated. A Basic Graph Pattern is a set of statement patterns. Graph pattern matching Consider the graph pattern P from Fig. The Pattern Matching stream consists of three stages: Generation  , Document Prefetch and Matching. In most applications  , however  , substring pattern matching was applied  , in which an " occurrence " is when the pattern symbols occur contiguously in the text. However  , their pattern languages are limited by a small number of pattern variables for matching linguistic structures. As for those with complex answer patterns  , we try to locate answer candidates via partial pattern matching. Matching is meant here as deciding whether either a given ontology or its part is compliant matches with a given pattern. Kumar and Spafford 10 applied subsequence pattern matching to intrusion detection. If no matching pattern is found  , the exception propagates up the call stack until a matching handler is found. Surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems. Feature matching method needs to abstract features e.g. Two kinds of matching methods are oftcn uscd: Feature matching method and pattern matching method 8. This is the value used for pattern matching evaluation. Let us examine a small pattern-matching example . This package provides reawnably fast pattc:rn matching over a rich pattern language. The final score of a sentence incorporates both its centroid based weight and the soft pattern matching weight. But in our case  , pattern matching occurs relatively less frequently than during a batch transformation. The output of this pattern matching phase is tuples of labels for relevant nodes  , which is considered as intermediate result set  , named as RS intermediate . Note that these early work however do not consider AD relationship  , which is common for XML queries. The correlation operation can be seen as a form of convolution where the pattern matching model Mx ,y is analogous to the convolution kernel: Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. Once a matching sentiment pattern is found  , the target and sentiment assignment are determined as defined in the sentiment pattern. var is a set of special alternative words  , which are usually shared by various patterns and also assigned in question pattern matching. Fixed pattern matching scans each passage and does pattern matching. Different from previous empirical work  , we show how soft pattern matching is achieved within the framework of two standard probabilistic models. Each pattern matching step either involves the use of regular expressions or an external dictionary such as a dictionary of person names or product names. For the first variation the text collection was the Web  , and for the second  , the local AQUAINT corpus. Bottom-up tree pattern matching has been extensively studied in the area of classic tree pattern matching 12. In addition  , not all types of NE can be captured by pattern matching effectively. The triple pattern matching operator transforms a logical RDF stream into a logical data stream  , i.e. By incorporating 'anchor control' logic it is possible to operate some sub-sets of cascades in the unanchored mode  , sub-pattern matching mode  , variable precursor matching mode or a combination thereof. If a text segment matches with a pattern  , then the text segment is identified to contain the relationship associated with the pattern. Each pattern box provides visual handles for direct manipulation of the pattern. This eases parsing  , pattern declaration and matching  , and it makes the composition interface explicit. This is a problem that has received some attention from the pattern matching research community. 4 also propose to find relevant formulae using pattern matching. pressive language. The patterns are described in Table 2. In our simplified version of pattern matching  , the search trajectory was designed as follows. Previously examined by Cui et al. 8is to recognize a parameter by pattern matching. The tree-pattern matching proceeds in two phases. proposed a similar method to inverse pattern matching that included wild cards 9. A type constraint annotation restricts the static Java type of the matching expression. In the Generation stage  , the question is analyzed and possible answer patterns are generated. There are several main differences between string matching and the discovery of FA patterns. Note that in this paper  , we focus on ordered twig pattern matching. Patterns are sorted by question types and stored in pattern files. For example  , consider the tree representation of the pattern Q 1 in Figure 3 . Overlapping features: Overlapping features of adjacent terms are extracted. Note that it contains variables that have already been bound by the change pattern matching. The final score is the product of the pattern score and matching score. The lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the well studied multi-pattern matching problem in the string matching literature 25. In our scenario  , if each entity is modeled as a pattern  , the lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the multi-pattern matching problem. Although surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems  , the patterns used in ILQUA are better since they are automatically generated by a supervised learning system and represented in a format of regular expressions which contain multiple question terms. All of the points have the same pattern and this is suitable for a template matching because the points may be able to be extracted through a template matching procedure using only one template. In such a case  , we first need to distribute the expression " GRAPH γ " appropriately to atomic triple patterns in order to prescribe atomic SPARQL expressions accessible by basic quadruple pattern matching. The pattern-matching language is based on regular expressions over the annotations; when a sequence of annotations is matched by the left-hand side pattern  , then the right-hand side defines the type of annotation to be added Organization in the example case above. The goal of multi-pattern matching is to find within a text string d all occurrences of patterns from a given set. In addition to surface pattern matching  , we also adopt n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. The Sparkwave 10 system was built to perform continuous pattern matching over RDF streams by supporting expressive pattern definitions  , sliding windows and schema-entailed knowledge. Pattern matching with variable 'don't care' symbols can now be easily performed  , if the input signals set the D flip-flop values throughout the duration of pattern matching. Our system focuses on ordered twig pattern matching  , which is essential for applications where the nodes in a twig pattern follow the document order in XML. We enhanced the pattern recognition engine in ViPER to execute concurrent parallel pattern matching threads in spite of running Atheris for each pattern serially. We tested our technique using the data sets obtained from the University of New Mexico. This approach benefits from a better performance by avoiding multiple input parsing. For each token  , we look for the longest pattern of token features that matches with pattern rules. Finally  , a novel pattern matching module is proposed to detect intrusions based on both intra-pattern and inter-pattern anomalies. Therefore  , the system works in stages: it ranks all sentences using centroid-based ranking and soft pattern matching  , and takes the top ranked sentences as candidate definition sentences. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. their rapid evaluation. Yet ShopBot has several limitations. The interesting subtlety is that pattern matching can introduce aliases for existing distinguishing values. Approaches that use pattern matching e.g. TwigStack 7  , attract lots of research attention. The research question is: pattern. 18 have demonstrated that soft pattern matching greatly improves recall in an IE system. We have so far introduced features of the matching rule language mainly through examples. Regarding input data generation  , all sequences  , matching the pattern are favored and get higher chance to occur. Results of query " graph pattern " with terms-based matching and different rankings: 1 Semantic richness  , 2 Recency. The *SENTENCE* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single sentence. with grouping  , existing pattern matching techniques are no longer effective. For each context pattern and each snippet search engine returned  , select the words matching tag <A> as the answer. YATL is a declarative  , rule based language featuring pattern matching and restructuring operators. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : The basic problem is then to limit combinatorial explosion while deducinc knowledge. In SPARQL 5 no operator for the transformation from RDF statements to SPARQL is defined. In the pattern matching step  , we will compare performance of the several kernel functions e.g. They primarily used heuristics and pattern matching for recognizing URLs of homepages. SPARQL  , a W3C recommendation  , is a pattern-matching query language. Each template rule specifies a matching pattern and a mode. Tree-Pattern Matching. It also leverages existing definitions from external resources. We obtain We assume  , however  , that indexes are used to access triples matching a triple pattern efficiently. Listing1.2 shows a simple SPARQL query without data streams. 4 have demonstrated the utility of DTW for ECG pattern matching. In this paper  , an improved circuit structure corresponds to the complex regular expressions pattern matching is achieved. Second  , the notions of pattern matching and implicit context item at each point of the evaluation of a stylesheet do not exist in XQuery. We will focus our related work discussion on path extraction queries. Likewise  , the pattern-matching language in REFINE provides a powerful unification facility   , but this appears to be undecidable—no published results are available about the expressive power of its pattern-matching language. We integrated Mathematica8 into our system  , to perform pattern matching on the equations and identify occurrences within a predefined set of patterns. On the other hand  , our pattern matching approach is more suitable for determining supporting documents and is therefore the preferable approach for answer projection. Concept assignment is semantic pattern matching in the application domain  , enabling the engineer to search the underlying code base for program fragments that implement a concept from the application domain. Traditional pattern-matching languages such as PERL get " hopelessly long-winded and error prone " 5   , when used for such complex tasks. We compute each input sentence's pattern matching weight by using Equation 6. Option −w means searching for the pattern expression as a word. For example  , the pattern language for Java names allows glob-style wildcards  , with " * " matching a letter sequence and "  ? " The recognition module of person's name  , place  , organization and transliteration is more complex. This method requires users to learn specific query language to input query " pattern " and also requires to predefine many patterns manually in advance. Pattern induction   , in contrast  , is intended as detecting the regularities in an ontology  , seeking recurring patterns. The pattern was initially mounted on a tripod and arbitrarily placed in front of the stereo head Fig. At the end of this pattern-matching operation  , each element of the structure is associated with a set of indexing terms which are then stored in the indexing base. While it is easy to imagine uses of pattern matching primitives in real applications  , such as search engines and text mining tools  , rank/select operations appear uncommon. By adopting regular expressions as types  , they could include rich operations over types in their type structure  , and that made it possible to capture precisely the behavior of pattern matching over strings in their type system. Basic pattern matching now considers quadruples and it annotates variable assignments from basic matches with atomic statements from S and variable assignments from complex matches with Boolean formulae F ∈ F over S . However  , we assume that the structure is flat for some operations on pattern-matching queries  , which would not be applicable if the structure was not flat. The conceptual definition of pattern matching implies finding the existence of parent node such that when evaluating XPath P with that parent node as a context node yields the result containing the testing node to which template is applicable. A pattern matched in a relevant web page counts more than one matched in a less relevant one. The result of unsupervised pattern learning through PRF is a set of soft patterns as presented in Section 2 Step 3a. As discussed in Section 5  , the size is strongly related to the selectivity . We believe that much information about patterns can be retrieved by analyzing the names of identifiers and comments. Once the pattern tree match has occurred we must have a logical method to access the matched nodes without having to reapply a pattern tree matching or navigate to them. The triple pattern matching operator transforms RDF statements into SPARQL solutions. The XPath P used in the pattern matching of a template can have multiple XPath steps with predicates. We have developed an alternative method based on auxiliary data constructs: condition pattern relations and join pattern relations Segev & Zhao  , 1991a. Semantic pattern discovery aims to relate the data item slots in Pm to the data components in the user-defined schema. This is a type of template matching methodology  , where the search region is 1074 examined for a match between the observed pattern and the expected template  , stored in the database. Some sentiment patterns define the target and its sentiment explicitly. In a recent survey 19   , methods of pattern matching on graphs are categorized into exact and inexact matching. We mainly focus on matching similar shapes. The semantics of SPARQL is defined as usual based on matching of basic graph patterns BGPs  , more complex patterns are defined as per the usual SPARQL algebra and evaluated on top of basic graph pattern matching  , cf. Recognizing the oosperm and the micro tube is virtually a matching problem. Distributed graph pattern matching. Answering these queries amounts to the task of graph pattern matching  , where subgraphs in the data graph matching the query pattern are returned as results. We assume that the answer patterns in our pattern matching approach express the desired semantic relationship between the question and the answer and thus a document that matches one of the patterns is likely to be supportive . Pleft_seq|SP L  and Pright_seq|SP R  give the probabilistic pattern matching scores of the left and right sequences of the instance  , given the corresponding soft pattern SP matching models. Unknown viruses applying this technique are even more difficult to detect. As an enhanced version of the self-encrypting virus  , a polymorphic virus was designed to avoid any fixed pattern. In Snowball  , the generated patterns are mainly based on keyword matching. Our pattern matching approach uses textual patterns to classify and interpret questions and to extract answers from text snippets. Patterns for answer extraction are learned from question-answer pairs using the Web as a resource for pattern retrieval. p i and sq i are the index of pattern and sequence respectively  , indicating from where the further matching starts. These approaches focus on analyzing one-shot data points to detect emergent events. In order to identify the list of instructions to re-evaluate  , a pattern matching is performed on the entire re-evaluation rules set. Missing components or sequences in a model compared to an otherwise matching pattern are classed as " incomplete " . Input rule files are compiled into a graph representation and a depth first search is performed to see if a certain token starts a pattern match. This way  , when no pattern has been successfully validated  , the system returns NIL as answer. A pattern matching program was developed to identify the segments of the text that match with each pattern. In other words  , a précis pattern comprises a kind of a " plan " for collecting tuples matching the query and others related to them. The max-error criterion specifies the maximum number of insertion errors allowed for pattern matching. In more recent systems  , Lucene  , a high-performance text retrieval library  , is often deployed for more sophisticated index and searching capability. This includes: word matching  , pattern matching and wildcards  , stemming  , relevance ranking  , and mixed mode searchmg text  , numeric  , range  , date. This system employs two novel ideas related to generic answer type matching using web counts and web snippet pattern matching. A simpler  , faster subset of this approach is to perform pattern matching based on features. We choose pattern matching as our baseline technique in the toolkit  , because it can be easily customized to distill information for new types of entities and attributes. Although surface text pattern matching is a simple method  , it is very effective and accurate to answering specific types of ques- tions. In addition   , system supports patterns combining exact matching of some of their parts and approximate matching of other parts  , unbounded number of wild cards  , arbitrary regular expressions  , and combinations  , exactly or allowing errors. The techniques of unanchored mode operation  , sub-pattern matching   , 'don't care' symbols  , variable precursor position anchoring and selective anchoring as described for a single cascade can be extended to this twodimensional pattern matching device. We adopted existing code for SQL cross-matching queries 2 and added a special xmatch pattern to simplify queries. However automatic pattern extraction can introduce errors and syntactic dependency matching can lead to incorrect answers too. Because matching is based on predicates  , DARQ currently only supports queries with bound predicates. It is widely used for retrieving RDF data because RDF triples form a graph  , and graph patterns matching subgraphs of this graph can be specified as SPARQL queries. Answer extraction methods applied are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . δ represents a tunable parameter to favor either the centroid weight or the pattern weight. Instructions associated to a pattern that matches that node need to be re-evaluated. We call all the sessions supporting a pattern as its support set. None of these tools are integrated with an interactive development environment  , nor do they provide scaffolding for transformation construction. However  , developers have to write these pattern specifications as an overlay on the underlying code. Rather the twig pattern is matched as a whole due to sequence transformation. We use a pattern-matching module to recognize those OODs with fixed structure pattern  , such as money  , date  , time  , percentage and digit. To demonstrate the flexibility and the potential of the LOTUS framework  , we performed retrieval on the query " graph pattern " . Existing tools like RepeatMasker 12 only solve the problem of pattern matching  , rather than pattern discovery without prior knowledge. Three classes of matching schemes are used for the detection of patterns namely the state-  , the velocity-and the frequency-matching. That is  , the specific pattern-matching mechanism has to influence only that application context. We expect melodic pattern matching to involve what we call " complex traversal " of streamed data. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . The pattern matching problem in IE tasks are formally the same as definition sentence retrieval. The merit of template matching is that it is tolerant to noise and flexible about template pattern. Many commercially available anti-virus programs apply a detection system based on the " pattern signature matching " or " scanner " method. The results of the pattern-matching are also linguistically normalized  , i.e. The prototypes of data objects must be considered during entity matching to find patterns. Applicability in an Epoq optimizer is similar in function to pattern-matching and condition-matching of left-hand sides in more traditional rule-based optimizers. With the manual F 3 measure  , all three soft pattern models perform significantly better than the baseline p ≤ 0.01. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search  , and syntactic dependency matching . 9  , originally used for production rule systems  , is an efficient solution to the facts-rules pattern matching problem. As mentioned above  , the pattern should skip this substring and start a new matching step. Besides the detection and localization of a neural pattern  , the comparison and matching of the observed pattern to a set of templates is another interesting question 18. They also discuss the subtlety we mention in Sec. Presence of modes allows different templates to be chosen when the computation arrives on the same node. Only the basic pattern matching has been changed slightly. As mentioned previously  , we adopt VERT for pattern matching. Later on  , standard IR techniques have been used for this task. Backtracking moves to the next breakpoint fget or the next visible variable current-var. This paper focuses on the ranking model. A question chunk  , expected by certain slots  , is assigned in question pattern matching. ANSWER indicates the expected answer. The basic cell for all pattern matching operations is shown in Figure 19.2. Wiki considers the Wikipedia redirect pairs as the candidates. Encounters green are generated using a camera on the quadrotor to detect the checkerboard pattern on the ground robot and are refined by scan matching. In order to avoid this drawback  , we implemented a new module of text-independent user identification based on pattern matching techniques. The center coordinates of iris are estimated from each model that is estimated its location by pattern matching. proposed an inverse string matching technique that finds a pattern between two strings that maximizes or minimizes the number of mis- matches 1 . They analyze the text of the code for patterns which the programmer wants to find. Haack and Jeffrey 6 discuss their pattern-matching system in the context of the Spi-calculus. We discuss our method of soft pattern generalization and matching in the next section. The pages that can be extracted at least one object are regarded as object pages. A new technique is required to handle the grouping operation in queries. The value which is determined by pattern matching is DataC KK the server's public key for the signature verification . This information is then logically combined into the proof obligations. Tuples are anonymous  , thus their removal takes place through pattern matching on the tuple contents. The Concern Manipulation Environment CME supports its own pattern-matching language for code querying. The instrumentation is based on rules for pattern-matching and is thus independent of the actual application. Siena is an event notification architecture . There have been many studies on this problem. To tackle this problem  , other musical features e.g. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and definition pattern matching. Perfect match is not always guaranteed. Our patterns are flexible -note that the example and matched sentences have somewhat different trees. Therefore  , the triple pattern matching operator must be placed in a plan before any of the following operators. For every pattern tp i in query Q  , a sorted access sa i retrieves matching triples in descending score order. The argument can be any expression of antecedent operators and concepts and text. Thereby  , the amount of informa3. For the first run  , definition-style answers were obtained with KMS definition pattern-matching routines as described. Only patterns with score greater than some empirically determined threshold are applied in pattern matching. Pattern considers the words matching the patterns extracted from the original query as candidates.  ls: lightly stemmed words  , obtained by using pattern matching to remove common prefixes and suffixes. As an example  , consider the problem of pattern matching with electrocardiograms. Autonomous robots may exhibit similar characteristics. The reason is the handling of pattern matching in the generated Java code with trivially true conditional statements. A search token is a sequence of characters defining a pattern for matching linguistic tokens. Xcerpt's pattern matching is based on simulation unification. We do not present an exhaustive case study. It can extract facts of a certain given relation from Web documents. Second  , po boils down to " pattern matching  , " which is a major function of today's page-based search engine. Through training  , each pattern is assigned the probability that the matching text contains the correct answer. Stream slot filling is done by pattern matching documents with manually produced patterns for slots of interest. We have reviewed the newly-adopted techniques in our QA system. -relevance evaluation  , which allows ordering of answers. These patterns were automatically mined from web and organized by question type. Similar to the twig query  , we can also define matching twig patterns on a bisimulation graph of an XML tree. The searching trajectory can be designed intentionally to ease detection of such features. The template of a character is represented by a dot pattern on the 50*50 grid.  s: aggressively stemmed words  , found using the Sebawai morphological analyzer. The generated file is used for programming of FPGA and pattern matching. The general idea behind the approach is pattern matching. Researchers using genetic data frequently are interested in finding similar sequences. Pattern matching has been used in a number of applications . Pattern matching tools help the programmer with the task of chunking. The representation for data objects and their relationships with each other is a relational data base with a pattern-matching access mechanism. A more likely domain/range restriction enhances the candidate matching. Cossette and colleagues 9 used a pattern matching approach to link artifacts among languages. Application designers can exploit the programmability of the tuple spaces in different ways. Replace performs pattern matching and substitution and is available in the SIR with 32 versions that contain seeded faults. Feasible ? Implementation We have developed a prototype tool for coverage refinement . Other languages for programming cryptographic protocols also contain this functionality. In this paper we are only interested in SPARQL CONSTRUCT queries. The result is empty  , if negatively matched statements are known to be negative. Additionally  , a classifier approach is more difficult to evaluate and explain results. Two sets of rules are developed to generate numbers and entities  , respectively. Proposals for pattern-matching operators are of little use unless indices can be defined to permit . Blank nodes have to be associated with values during pattern matching similiar to variables. it changes the schema of the contained elements. The Entrez Gene database and MeSH database were used for query expansion. In their most general forms these ope~'a~ors are somewhat problematic. Pattern matching approaches are widely used because of their simplicity. attack or legitimate activity  , according to the IDS model. Definition 15 Basic Graph Pattern Matching. Our context consistency checking allows any data structure for context descriptions. for a minimal functional language with string concatenation and pattern matching over strings 23. Definition 5.4 Complex graph pattern matching. Normal frames with a hea.der pattern can be used for both matching and inheritance . However  , header patterns of those frames cannot be inherited -only their cases. Thus  , pattern mining that relies solely on matching type names for program entities would not work. Since the combinator used in the event pattern is or  , matching el is sufficient to trigger the action . It was shown in the PRIX system 17  that the above encoding supports ordered twig pattern matching efficiently. In order to print matches and present the results in root-to-leaf order  , we extended the mechanism proposed by 5. For example  , tree pattern matching has also been extensively studied in XML stream environment 7  , 15 . due to poor lighting conditions  , reflections or dust. Similarly  , the *PARAGRAPH* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single paragraph. The liberty to choose any feature detector is the advantage of this method. Basically  , SPARQL rests on the notion of graph pattern matching. Triple Pattern Matching. The relative calibration between the rigs is achieved automatically via trajectory matching. Otherwise  , if no graph pattern from C matches  , the source graph pattern P represents graphs that can be transformed into unsafe graphs by applying r  , and If a graph pattern from C matches the source graph pattern  , the application of r is either irrelevant  , as the source graph pattern already represents a forbidden state  , or impossible   , because it is preempted by another matching rule with higher priority. Note that one image-pattern neuron is added at every training point and the target's pose at that point is stored in conjunction with the image-pattern neuron for use later. We explicitly declare the pattern type i.e. The idea is to model  , both the structure of the database and the query a pattern on structure  , as trees  , to find an embedding of the pattern into the database which respects the hierarchical relationships between nodes of the pattern. To avoid such an overhead  , each time a pattern is converted from an expression  , the expression's instruction is added to the re-evaluation rules that include the new pattern. After experimenting with several structural pattern languages based on text  , we discovered that any moderately sophisticated tern quickly becomes difficult to understand. We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. Therefore  , a reasonable role-based identification is to assign the role pattern correlation matrix F R 1 ,2 which is the most similar to the one C We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. Standard pruning is straightforward and can be accomplished simply by hashing atomsets into bins of suhstructures based on the set of mining bonds. A pattern describes what will be affected by the transformation; an action describes the replacement for every matching instance of the pattern in the source code. Given the fact that a question pattern usually share few common words with each perspective  , we can hardly build effective matching models based on word-level information. This year  , we further incorporated a new answer extraction component Shen and Lapata  , 2007 by capturing evidence of semantic structure matching. Approximate string matching 16 is an alternative to exact string matching  , where one textual pattern is matched to another while still allowing a number of errors. Especially with unpitched sources  , we expect that searching for a melody will be complex  , not simply a matter of literal string matching. The purpose of using such hard matching patterns in addition to soft matching patterns is to capture those well-formed definition sentences that are missed due to the imposed cut-off of ranking scores by soft pattern matching and centroid-based weighting. Each time cgrep returns matching strings  , they are removed from the document representation and the procedure is repeated with the same phrase. The exact matching requires a total mapping from query nodes to data nodes  , i.e. To perform a matching operation with respect to a contiguous word phrase  , two approaches are possible. The straightforward solution  , which recursively Figure 3: Tree-pattern matching by subsequence matching identifies matches for each node within the query sequence in order  , requires quadratic time in the document size and therefore becomes not competitive. For example  , if OOPDTool detects an instance of the FactoryMethod design pattern  , it would detect not only the presence of this pattern in the design but also all classes corresponding to the Abstract Creator  , Concrete Creator  , Abstract Product  , and Concrete Product participants found in this design pattern instance. The problem of mining graph-structured data has received considerable attention in recent years  , as it has applications in such diverse areas as biology  , the life sciences  , the World Wide Web  , or social sciences. Results The data are summarized in Table 1   , which gives totals for each pattern/scope combination  , and in Fig- ure 4  , which graphs the totals for each pattern and scope examples not matching any pattern are grouped under UNKNOWN. The problem of finding the top-k lightest loopless path  , matching a pre-specified pattern  , is NP-hard and furthermore   , simple heuristics and straightforward approaches are unable to efficiently solve the problem in real time see Section 2.3. We have adopted a " query language " approach  , using a well understood  , expressively limited  , relatively compact query language; with GENOA  , if an analyzer is written strictly using the sublanguage Qgenoa  , the complexity is guaranteed to be polynomial. The idea proposed in 9  is to compile XSLT <applytemplates/> instruction into a combination of XQuery's conditional expressions where the expression conditions literally model the template pattern matching and the expression bodies contain function calls that invoke the corresponding XQuery function that translated from the XSLT template. If the pattern has a 'don't care' symbol  , then the cell should essentially perform a 'unit stage delay' function to propagate the match signal from the previous stage to the next stage. For example  , if we know that the label " 1.2.3.4 " presents the path " a/b/c/d "   , then it is quite straightforward to identify whether the element matches a path pattern e.g. " We have already mentioned bug pattern matchers 10  , 13  , 27: tools that statically analyze programs to detect specific bugs by pattern matching the program structure to wellknown error patterns. Self-encrypting and polymorphic viruses were originally devised to circumvent pattern-matching detection by preventing the virus generating a pattern. Exact queries in Aranea are generated by approximately a dozen pattern matching rules based query terms and their part-of-speech tags; morpho-lexical pattern matches trigger the creation of reformulated exact queries. We describe one such optimization in this paper  , which is called pattern indexing and is based on the observation that a document typically matches just a relatively small set of patterns. Annotated Pattern Trees accept edge matching specifications that can lift the restriction of the traditional oneto-one relationship between pattern tree node and witness tree node. This method creates a definition of length N by taking the The extracted partial syntax-tree pattern contains Figure 2: Pattern extraction and matching for a Genus-Species sentence from an example sentence. first N unique sentences out of this sorted order  , and serves as the TopN baseline method in our evaluation . In 1  , we came to the conclusion that the pattern matching approach suffers from a relatively low recall because the answer patterns are often too specific. Higher-level problems  , including inconsistency  , incompleteness and incorrectness can be identified by comparing the semi-formal model to the Essential interaction pattern and to the " best practice " examples of EUC interaction pattern templates. Given a back-point βintv  , p index  , the uncertain part of sequence S is the sequence segment S i that is inside β.intv  , while the pattern segment P i   , which is possibly involved in uncertain matching  , could be any pattern segment starting from β.p index. For example  , the head-and-shoulder pattern consists of a head point  , two shoulder points and a pair of neck points. Such tools do not generate concrete test cases and often result in spurious warnings  , due to the unsoundness of the modeling of language semantics. A straightforward way to solve the top-k lightest paths problem is to enumerate all paths matching the given path pattern and pick the top-k lightest paths. Therefore  , we need to convert a triple pattern into a set of coordinates in data space  , using the same hash functions that we used for index creation  , to obtain coordinates for a given RDF triple. Section 3 describes the architecture of our definition generation system  , including details of our application of PRF to automatically label the training data for soft pattern generalization. It also became clear that developers want to use high-level structural concepts e.g. A rewrite rule is a double grafting transformation consisting of a tree pattern T also called " the lefthand side "  and advice Γ that is applied to the source at all locations where T matches. The worst case scenario would be for the optimizer to not incorporate sorting into the pattern tree match and apply it afterwards. Pattern matching deal with two problems  , the graph isomorphism problem that has a unknown computational complexity  , and the subgraph isomorphism problem which is NP-complete. One aspect of our work extends CPPL to include match statements that perform pattern matching. We assume that XML documents are tokenized by a languagedependent tokenizer to identify linguistic tokens. Leila is a state-ofthe-art system that uses pattern matching on natural language text. Third  , template parameters  , as opposed to XQuery function parameters   , may be optional. A session S supports a pattern P if and only if P is a subsequence of S not violating string matching constraint. They hence can be pushed to be executed in the navigation pattern matching stage for deriving variable bindings. Nevertheless  , CnC possibly suffers more than bug pattern matching tools in this regard because it has no domain-specific or context knowledge. With the use of AI techniques for semantic pattern matching  , it may be possible to build a relatively successful library manager. In IntelliJ IDEA  , there is a facility called Structural Search and Replace that enables limited transformations by pattern matching on the syntax tree. The pattern-matching techniques  , such as PMD  , are unsound but scale well and have been effectively employed in industry. Patterns were originally developed to capture recurring solutions to design and coding prob- lems 12 . Furthermore   , it allows for restriction of the query domain  , similar to context definitions in SOQUET 8 . When a group of methods have similar names  , we summarize these methods as a scope expression using a wild-card pattern matching operator . Certain PREfast analyses are based on pattern matching in the abstract syntax tree of the C/C++ program to find simple programming mistakes. -bash-2.05>echo "test1 test test2" | grep -Fw test -bash-2.05> Option −F prescribes that the pattern expression is used as a string to perform matching. We have thus decided to combine navigational probing with FSMs and present a new method SINGLEDFA for this category. In a first step the name is converted to its unique SMILES representation: For each matching SMARTS pattern  , we set the corresponding bit to 1. Exact pattern matching in a suux tree involves one partial traversal per query.  We show the efficient coordination of queries spanning multiple peers. This paper has explored the integration of traditional database pattern matching operators and numeric scientific operators. These patterns  , such as looking for copular constructions and appositives  , were either hand-constructed or learned from a training corpus. The patterns used in ILQUA are automatically learned and extracted. However in some situations  , external knowledge is helpful  , the challenge here is how to acquire and apply external knowledge. The what questions that are classified by patterns are in Table  ? For query generation  , we modify verb constructions with auxiliaries that differ in questions and corresponding answers  , e.g. " The system then builds semantic representation for both the question and the selected sentences. We found that 12 ,006 reports had one visit associated while 2 ,387 of the reports had more than or equal to 10 visits. Besides generating seed patterns  , the Pattern Matching method also relies on the ability of tagging the words correctly. An example of the pattern matching operation is shown in Figure 19 The 'anchor' input line could be pulsed with arrival of every text character  , in which case the operations will take place in the 'unanchored' mode. This occurs because  , during crawling  , only the links matching the regular expression in the navigation pattern are traversed. We run each generated crawler over the corresponding Web site of Table 2two more times. When certain characters are found in an argument  , they cause replacement of that argument by a sorted list of zero or more file names obtained by pattern-matching on the contents of directories. Most characters match themselves. In general  , mining specifications through pattern matching produces a large result set. Previous work 10  , 18  , 25 on mining alternating specifications has largely focused on developing efficient ranking and selection mechanisms . For the first matching pattern  , the exception handler of that catch block is executed. No matching pattern indicates that PAR cannot generate a successful patch for a bug since no fix template has appropriate editing scripts. Word expert parsers 77  seem particularly suitable ; the TOPIC system employs one to condense information from article abstracts into frames 39. In particular  , there are two sets of rules predicates which work together to identify the set of successor tasks. EDITOR is a procedural language 4 for extraction and restructuring of text from arbitrary documents. by embedding meta data with RDFa. outline preliminaries in Sect. The deletion of triples also removes the knowledge that has been inferred from these triples. Relevant datasets are selected using the predicate-matching method  , that a triple pattern is assigned to datasets that contains its predicate. There is often not much texture in indoor man-made environments for high coverage dense stereo matching. Accordingly  , it is able to localize points more precisely even if an image is suffering from noise. On the other hand  , pattern matching method performs directly on original image. We use a method  , which is based on binary morphological operation  , to recognize the micro tube. During the preliminary system learning two binary images are formed fig. Also  , this method can be accelerated using hierarchical methods like in the pattern matching approach. Biological swarm members often exhibit behavioral matching based on the localized group's pattern  , such that behaviors are synchronized 4. Figure 9shows an interesting inversed staircase pattern due to the reverse presentation order. Our second major enhancement to traditional parallel coordinates visualization allows the user to query shapes based on approximate pattern matching. However  , conversations are bound to evolve in different conversational patterns  , leading to a progressive decay in the matching ambiguity. SA first identifies the T-expression  , and tries to find matching sentiment patterns. Note that figures 7 and 8 represent matching results of the sequences grouped into the same cluster. To determine relevant sources we first need to identify the region in data space that contains all possible triples matching the pattern. It matches the exact source code fragment selected by the user and all the other source code fragments that are textually similar to the selection whitespace and comments are ignored by the pattern matcher. For example  , the proximity function can be evaluated by keeping track of the word count in relation to specified set of pattern matches. The elementary graph pattern is called a basic graph pattern BGP; it is a set of triple patterns which are RDF triples that may contain variables at the subject  , predicate  , and object position. The C-SPARQL 1 extension enabled the registration of continuous SPARQL queries over RDF streams  , thus  , bridging data streams with knowledge bases and enabling stream reasoning. Two important types of patterns are the value change pattern and the failure pattern. Basic quadruple pattern matching is not directly applicable  , if an expression " GRAPH γ " appears outside a complex triple pattern . These potential problems are highlighted to the engineer using visual annotations on the EUC model elements. In terms of CASE tools support  , we are testing a few mechanisms that allow generation of constraints for pattern verification as well as matching rules for pattern recovery given a UML design model. This model can represent insertion  , deletion and framing errors as well as substitution errors. Then extracted sentences are scanned  , detecting the constructs matching the template < person1 >< pattern >< person2 > such as <Barack Obama><and his rival><John McCain>  , using a person names dictionary and a sliding window with a pattern length of three words. To reduce noise in the data we exclude pairs with identical names and discard overly long sentences and patterns. The individual right that the teacher Martin holds  , allowing him to reproduce an excerpt of the musical piece during a lesson  , is derived from the successful matching between the instances describing the intended action and the instances describing the pattern. Thus in the experiments below  , for the target set any attribute value that is not specifically of interest as specified by the target pattern retains its original value for determining matching rules. 3 Many research works for the repeating patterns have been on an important subtype: the tandem repeats 10  , where repeating copies occur together in the sequence. The matching degree is calculated in two parts. On the other hand  , the pattern in Figure 2a will not capture all resale activities due to the limitation of using the single account matching. Nevertheless  , such pattern matching is well supported in current engines  , by using inverted lists– our realization can build upon similar techniques. For example   , one cannot constrain the matching of events that logically match various parts of the same event pattern to those events that were generated by the same user or on the same machine. Nevertheless  , we anticipate that pattern-matching operations on NEUMES data as distinct from literal string matching will be required during melodic search and comparison operations. Incorporating individual slots' probabilities enables the bigram model to allow partial matching  , which is a characteristic of soft pattern matching. In other words  , even if some slots cannot be matched  , the bigram model can still yield a high match score by combining those matched slots' unigram probabilities. If no handler is found in the whole call stack  , the exception handler mechanism either propagates a general exception or the program is terminated. In LOTUS  , query text is approximately matched to existing RDF literals and their associated documents and IRI resources Req1. To train these semantic matching models  , we need to collect three training sets  , formed by pairs of question patterns and their true answer type/pseudopredicate/entity pairs. The tool implementation of MATA has been extended to include matching of any fragments using AGG as the back-end graph rule execution engine.  The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. Rose starts by invoking a traditional pattern matching and lexicon based information extraction engine. Techniques were used for query expansion  , tokenization  , and eliminating results due solely to matching an acronym on the query side with an acronymic MeSH term. However the matching is not straightforward because of the two reasons. Consider a software system that is modeled by its inheritance and containment graphs  , and the task is to analyze how many instances of the design pattern Composite are used in the design of the system. During the training session  , the above extraction pattern is applied to the web page and the first table matching the pattern is returned as the web clip. This is presented to the user by Figure 4: Training session highlighting the clipped element with a blue border. Therefore  , in the following components we treat URLs matching with each pattern as a separate source of information. If a sample graph vertex label matches the pattern but is not correctly mapped to the model graph vertex then the fitness of the projection is reduced. Matching of a substantial part of an extracted EUC model to an EUC pattern indicates potential incompleteness and/or incorrectness at the points of deviation from the pattern. As part of an earlier task on a system that supported the visualization of object connections in a distributed system  , the subject had implemented a locking mechanism to allow only one method of an object to execute at one time. 3 In case some attributes are non-nullable  , we use SET DEFAULT to reset attributes values to their default value. Certainly  , if the lexicon is available in main memory it can be scanned using normal pattern rnatching techniques to locate partially specified terms. Each of the rewriting patterns contains a * symbol  , which encodes the required position of the answer in the text with respect to the pattern. In the next section  , we will see that estimating the intended path from an incomplete sequence of the subject's motion even after it is started holds technical utility. Each fragment matching a triple pattern fragment is divided into pages  , each page contains 100 triples. Thus  , by saving the 3D edge identifiers in dlata points of a CP pattern  , correspondence between the model edges and the image edges can be obtained after matching. This is done without any overhead in the procedure of counting conditional databases. Pattern-based approaches  , on the other hand  , represent events as spatio-temporal patterns in sensor readings and detect events using efficient pattern matching techniques. In the first case  , the Triplify script searches a matching URL pattern for the requested URL  , replaces potential placeholders in the associated SQL queries with matching parts in the request URL  , issues the queries and transforms the returned results into RDF cf. Moreover   , the advantage of using this software and pattern is to eliminate human-introduced errors in the selection and matching of points. A truly robust solution needs to include other techniques  , such as machine learning applied to instances  , natural language technology  , and pattern matching to reuse known matches. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate sentences or passages and a list of named entities are generated as answer candidate. For each subphrase in the list we use cgrep – a pattern matching program for extracting minimal matching strings Clarke 1995 to extract the minimal spans of text in the document containing the subphrase. In addition to weighting the importance of matching data in the high-information regions  , it would also be appropriate to weight the most current data more strongly. Characteristics of projective transformation is also utilized to perform correspondences between two coordinate systems and to extract points. The pattern matching for the rules is done by recursive search with optimisations  , such as identifying an optimal ordering for the evaluation of the rules and patterns. Like ML  , it has important features such as pattern matching and higher-order functions  , while allowing the use of updatable references. The advantages of this type of programming language in compiler-like tools is well-known 1. XOBE is an extension of Java  , which does support XPath expressions  , but subtyping is structural. But they cannot combine data streams with evolving knowledge  , and they cannot perform reasoning tasks over streaming data. Secondly  , having a more accurate selection in an incremental transformation allows minimizing the instructions that need to be re-evaluated. Clearly  , video indexing is complex and many factors influence both how people select salient segments. The Jena graph implementation for non-inference in-memory models supports the look-up for the number of triples matching either a subject  , a predicate or an object of a triple pattern. 630 where Φ 1 and Φ 2 are relations representing variable assignments and their annotations. In standard SPARQL query forms  , such as SE- LECT and CONSTRUCT  , allow to specify how resulting variable bindings or RDF graphs  , respectively  , are formed based on the solutions from graph pattern matching 15 . We proposed VERT  , to solve these content problems   , by introducing relational tables to index values. In addition to the data provided by Zimmermann et al. The argument p is often called a template  , and its fields contain either actuals or formals. In the literature " approximate string matching " also refers to the problem of finding a pattern string approximately in a text. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. At each point  , partial or total pattern matching is performed  , depending on the existing partial matches and the current node. Thus  , treating a Web repository as an application of a text retrieval system will support the " document collection " view. The set of common attributes is preconfigured as domain knowledge  , which is used in attribute matching as well. A large body of work in combinatorial pattern matching deals with problems of approximate retrieval of strings 2  , 11. We designed our method for databases and files where records are stored once and searched many times. In the general computer science literature  , pattern matching is among the fundamental problems with many prominent contributions 4 . Surface text pattern matching has been adopted by some researchers Ravichandran & Hovy 2002  , Soubbotin 2002 in building QA system during the last few years. ple sentence to pattern  , and then shows a matching sentence. From all these images  , the software mentioned above detected matching points on the calibration pattern for each pan and tilt configuration. Most current models of the emotion generation or formation are focused on the cognitive aspects. Systems like EP-SPARQL 4 define pattern matching queries through a set of primitive operators e.g. Thus question answering cannot be reduced to mere pattern matching  , but requires firstorder theorem proving. Further  , research methods and contextual relations are identified using a list of identified indicator phrases. More like real life.. pattern matching using the colours can be used for quicker reference. " In parallel  , semantic similarity measures have been developed in the field of information retrieval  , e.g. First  , the new documents are parsed to extract information matching the access pattern of the refined path. We compared the labels sizes of four labeling schemes in Table 2. Finally  , K query partitions are created by assigning the queries in the i th bucket of any pattern to query partition i. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 To accomplish creation of inventory on future patterns   , a trigger as implemented in DBAL is defined . It entails a match step to find all rules with a context pattern matching the current context. Building on the suffix array   , it also incorporates ideas embedded in the Burrows-Wheeler transform. This restriction is not essential  , since those pattern-matching expressions could perfectly well generate a nested structure. Given an external concept  , we perform a pattern matching on the thesaurus  , made of the following operations : a-1 inclusion step : We look for a thesaurus item i.e a clique which includes the given group. The resulting fingerprint for Sildenafil is 1100. Therefore  , it is effective in giving the number n of unmatched characters permitted on pattern matching. Thus  , the larger the text collection is  , the greater the probability that simple pattern matching techniques will yield the correct answer. A considerable number of NEs of person  , organization and location appear in texts with no obvious surface patterns to be captured. We used pattern matching to extract and normalize this information. We have plans on generating classifiers for slot value extraction purposes. This automatic slot filling system contains three steps. In evaluations  , we only vary the definition pattern matching module while holding constant all other components and their parameters. Additionally  , ultrasonic diagnosis images were obtained for which pattern matching was performed to measure the virtual target position. Normally  , the For the detection of the same object rotated around the z-axis of the image plane  , the template has to be rotated and searched from scratch. Detection time with angle increment 6 5 5 varies between 2-4 seconds. In other words  , the object features used for pattern matching refer to the latter distribution. The generation of potential candidates i s performed by Prolog's pattern matching. Our stereo-vision system has been designed specifically for QRIO. Each sign is recognized by matching the operator's finger positions to the corresponding pattern acquired during calibration. Each of the 41 QA track runs ~ ,vas re-scored using the pattern matching judgments. However they are quite often used probably  , unconsciously! Consequently searches need to be based on similarity or analogy – and not on exact pattern-matching. The testing system of improved pre-decode pattern matching circuit is described in Figure 7. . which the other components on this level rely. Each size of the model of quadrangle  , each location of the pattern matching model  , and the location of the center of iris are established. An online pattern matching mechanism comparing the sensor stream to the entire library of already known contexts is  , however  , computational complex and not yet suitable for today's wearable devices. In general  , introducing uncertainty into pattern discovery in temporal event sequences will risk for the computational complexity problem. The time points are identified for the best matching of the segments with pattern templates. Second  , we allow for some degree of tolerance when we try to establish a matching between the vertex-coordinates of the pattern and its supporting transaction. Entity annotation systems  , datasets and configurations like experiment type  , matching or measure are implemented as controller interfaces easily pluggable to the core controller. Whenever a context change is detected  , the change is immediately examined to decide its influence on pat. words are mapped to their base forms thus completely solving the problem with the generation of plural forms. Unlike the approach presented in this paper  , PORE does not incorporate world knowledge  , which would be necessary for ontology building and extension. Most approaches applicable to our problem formulation use some form of pattern matching to identify definition sentences. In a similar fashion  , it keeps track of the provenance of all entities being retrieved in the projections getEntity. Similar to most existing approaches  , our information extractor can only be applied to web pages with uniform format. These techniques have also been used to extend WordNet by Wikipedia individuals 21 . Multi-level grouping can be efficiently supported in V ERT G . Traditional twig pattern matching techniques suffer from problems dealing with contents  , such as difficulty in data content management and inefficiency in performing content search. From a matching logic perspective  , unlike in other program verification logics  , program variables like root are not logical variables; they are simple syntactic constants. The generated pattern is concrete  , that is  , it contains no wildcards and no matching constraints. 31  , extracted the data from the Eclipse code repository and bug database and mapped defects to source code locations files using some heuristics based on pattern matching. The time overhead of event instrumentation and pattern matching is approximately 300 times to the program execution. Pattern matching checks the attributes of events or variables. -Named Entity analyzer uses language specific context-sensitive rules based on word features recognition pattern matching. Our approach combines a number of complementary technologies  , including information retrieval and various linguistic and extraction tools e.g. The weight of the matched sub-tree of a pattern is defined by the formula: For the evaluation of the importance of partially matching sub-trees we use a scoring scheme defined in Kouylekov and Tanev  , 2004. We describe herein a Web based pattern mining and matching approach to question answering. For the Streaming Slot Filling task  , our system achieved the goal of filling slots by employing a pattern learning and matching method. Instead of building a classifier we use pattern matching methods to find corresponding slot values for entities. The traditional method employed by PowerAnswer to extract nuggets is to execute a definition pattern matching module. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and then applies the soft-pattern model for matching these definition sentences. Also  , there is a need to find ways to integrate numberic matching into the soft pattern models. To facilitate pattern matching   , all verbs are replaced by their infinitives and all nouns by their singular forms. This subsection gives an overview of the basic ideas and describes recent enhancements to improve the recall of answer extraction. Graph matching has been a research focus for decades 2  , especially in pattern recognition  , where the wealth of literature cannot be exhausted. Yet usually  , there are many possible ways to syntactically express one piece of semantic information making a na¨ıvena¨ıve syntactic " pattern matching " approach problematic at best. Since they end with the word died  , we use pattern matching to remove them from the historic events. Automatic music summarization approaches can be classified into machine learning based approaches 1 ,2 ,3 and pattern matching based approaches 4 ,5 ,6. An interesting goal of an intelligent IRS may be to retrieve information which can be deduced from the basic knowledoe given by the thesaurus. Flexible parsing methods  , often based on pattern matching  , are of value in these situations 41. We take both patterns and test instances as sequences of lexical and syntactic tokens. When conducted on free texts  , an IE system can also suffer from various unseen instances not being matched by trained patterns. Here  , " Architecture " is an expression of the pattern-matching sublanguage. Other words in the question might be represented in the question by a synonym which will not be found by simple pattern matching. We have shown that a mixed algebra and type model can be used to perform algebraic specification and optimization of scientific computations. We describe a novel string pattern matching principle  , called n-gram search  , first proposed in preliminary form in 10. Using it for pattern matching promises much higher efficiency than using the original record. This is the biggest challenge of rewriting XSLT into XQuery. The rules with the highest weights then indicate the recommenders to be applied. The third interaction module that we implemented is a rhythmic phrase-matching improvisation module. Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. This ensures that there is no simple pattern  , such as the query always precisely matching the title of the page in question. Although we endeavored to keep queries short  , we did not sacrifice preciseness to do so. At the end of this phase  , the logical database subset has been produced. Furthermore  , pattern matching across hyper-links which is important for Web Site navigation is not supported. Rule writing requires some knowledge of the JAPE pattern-matching lan- guage 11 and ANNIE annotations. In the Collocation matching activity  , students compete in pairs to match parts of a collocation pattern. Listing 1 shows an example query. Fig.5shows an example of model location setting on the basis of the inputted eye image. Then the position data are transmitted to each the satellite. For assessing pattern validity  , we use a simple measure based on the relative frequency of matching contexts in the context set. The procedure of creating start-point list is illustrated in Fig. Moreover  , patterns can only be determined from the unencrypted segment i.e. Others 51  , 32 can automatically infer rules by mining existing software; they raise warnings if violations of the rules occur. The first context instance in Figure 1has a matching relation with the first pattern in Figure 2.  We propose two optimizations based on semantic information like object and property  , which can further enhance the query performance. Thus at the end of initialization  , each tp-node has a BitMat associated with it which contains only the triples matching that triple pattern. In general we observed that a small but specific set of attributes are sufficient indicators of a navigational page. While Prolog is based on unification and backtracking  , B is based on a simple but powerful pattern-matching mechanism whose application is guided by tactics. The scope of these free variables is restricted to the rule where they appear just like for Prolog clauses. For example  , one instrumentation rule states " Measure the response time of all calls to JDBC " . Second  , it would be useful to investigate customization solutions based on shared tree pattern matching  , once such technology is sufficiently developed. Leading data structures utilized for this purpose are suffix trees 11 and suffix arrays 2. For brevity  , we have omitted most of the components used to support keyword queries. For example  , suppose an input text contains 20 desired data records  , and a maximal repeat that occurs 25 times enumerates 18 of them. In our work  , a rule-based approach using string pattern matching is applied to generate a set of features. 5  employed a simple method which defines several manuallyconstructed definition patterns to extract definition phrases. This definition of basic graph pattern matching treats positively matched statement patterns as in 4. For example  , the extended VarTrees and TagTrees of example Q1 and Q2 are depicted in Figure 6respectively. In reporting on KMS for TREC 2004  , we described in detail the major types of functions employed: XML  , linguistic  , dictionary  , summarization  , and miscellaneous string and pattern matching. A list of over 150 positive and negative precomputed patterns is loaded into memory. The composition of the patterns  , the testing methodology  , and the results  , are detailed in Fernandes  , 2004. It does not have natural language understanding capabilities  , but employs simple pattern matching and statistics. The idea of partial pattern matching is based on the assumption that the answer is usually surrounded by keywords and their synonyms. Geometric hashing 14 has been proposed aa a technique for fast indexing. The main difference is however  , that XSLT templates are activated as a result of dynamic pattern matching while XQuery functions are invoked explicitly. The strategy of the pattern-matching can be ruled by an action planner able to dynamically define partial goals to reach. The patterns are assumed to be always right-adjusted in each cascade. RDF triples can also be removed from the knowledge base by providing a statement pattern matching the triples to be deleted delete. This principle will be applied decoupling the functional properties from the non functional properties matching. The other extracts the structure in some way from the text parsing  , recognizing markup  , etc. We conduct a series of extrinsic experiments using the two soft pattern models on TREC definitional QA task test data. Definition pattern matching is the most important feature used for identifying definitions. Providing formal models for modeling contextual lexico-syntactic patterns is the main contribution of this work. In this paper  , we use correlation based pattern' matching to realize the recognition of the oosperm and micro tube in real time. We assume that the occurrence of significant patterns in nonchronological order is more likely to arise as a local phenomenon than a global one. The grep program searches one or more input files for lines containing a match to a specified pattern  , and prints out matching lines. We can therefore define the notion of a strand  , which is a set of substrings that share one same matching pattern. In the tradeoff between space and time  , most existing graph matching approaches assume static data graphs and hence prefer to pre-compute the transitive closure or build variablelength path indexes to trade space for efficient pattern matching. For instantiation   , we exploit an index as well as a pattern library that links properties with natural language predicates. The matching percentage is used because the pattern may contain only a portion of the data record. Pattern inflexibility: Whether using corpus-based learning techniques or manually creating patterns  , to our knowledge all previous systems create hard-coded rules that require strict matching i.e. Although such hard patterns are widely used in information extraction 10  , we feel that definition sentences display more variation and syntactic flexibility that may not be captured by hard patterns. In addition to surface text pattern matching  , we also adopt N-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate passages and a list of named entities are extracted as answer candidate. We empirically showed that these two search paradigms outperform other search techniques  , including the ones that perform exact matching of normalized expressions or subexpressions and the one that performs keyword search. The input sources include data from lexico-syntactical pattern matching  , head matching and subsumption heuristics applied to domain text. Afterwards  , the location of eye can be measured by detecting a agreement part with the paltern matching model in the eye image input. In this paper  , we have proposed  , designed and implemented a pattern matching NIDS based on CIDF architecture and mature intrusion detection technology  , and presented the detailed scheme and frame structure. In a first pilot study 71  , we determined whether the tasks have suitable difficulty and length. The relationship between context instances and patterns is called the matching relation  , which is mathematically represented by the belong-to set operator . PORE is a holistic pattern matching approach  , which has been implemented for relation-instance extraction from Wikipedia. With that improvement one can still write filenames such as *.txt. The matching problem is then defined as verifying whether GS is embedded in GP or isomorphic to one or more subgraphs of GP . The restriction of axes in XSLT has been introduced for performance reasons and the goal was to allow efficient pattern matching. In the following  , we give some formulas in order to perform pattern matching between expressions and patterns. Each URL not matching any patterns is regarded as a single pattern. These approaches use information extraction technologies that include pattern matching  , natural-language parsing  , and statistical learning 25  , 9  , 4  , 1  , 23  , 20  , 8 . In order to define these two functions we need the statistics defined in Table 1 . It is less restrictive than subgraph isomorphism  , and can be determined in quadratic time 16. That also explains why many twig pattern matching techniques  , e.g. For example  , we use the POS tag sequence between the entity pairs as a candidate extraction pattern. KIM has a rule-based  , human-engineered IE system  , which uses the ontology structure during pattern matching and instance disambiguation. In order to express extractions of parts of the messages a pattern matching approach is chosen. 2 Specification based on set-theoretic notations. Seven propositions  , or " patterns " in were found. In typical document search  , it is also commonly used– e.g. Our FiST system matches twig patterns holistically using the idea of encoding XML documents and twig patterns into Prüfer sequences 17. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. Since the automata model was originally designed for matching patterns over strings  , it is a natural paradigm for structural pattern retrieval on XML token streams 7  , 8  , 4. Then  , this information is encoded as an Index Fabric key and inserted into the index. Users can request creation of a track by giving patterns for instrument names. The algebraic properties of AS allow us to quickly calculate the AS of an n-gram from the CAS encoded record. To achieve this goal we should re-formulate queries avoiding " redundant " conditions. This allows us to detect if the equation contains certain types of common algebraic structures . Here  , pattern matching can be considered probabilistic generation of test sequences based on training sequences. Previously  , a list of over 200 positive and negative pre-computed patterns was loaded into memory. We rely on hand-crafted pattern-matching rules to identify the main headings  , in order to build different indices and allow for field-based search. To identify the target of a question  , pattern matching is applied to assign one of the 18 categories to the question. The first and simplest level is trying RaPiD7 out according to the general idea of RaPiD7. Typically  , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7  , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. Furthermore  , JAD sessions are always somewhat formal  , whereas RaPiD7 sessions vary in formality depending on the case. Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist  , too. However  , RaPiD7 is not focusing on certain artifacts or phases of software development  , and actually does not state which kind of documents or artifacts could be produced using the method  , but leaves this to the practitioner of the method. JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents  , 7 steps. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. Three different levels of achievement can be perceived in implementing RaPiD7. In the following  , two approaches  , namely JAD and Agile modeling  , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. Although the methods resemble each other in many ways  , the differences are evident. This can be perceived from results already. On the other hand  , formal RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions can be quite alike. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. The obvious similarity with RaPiD7 is the idea of having well structured meetings in RaPiD7 called workshops in order to work out system details. This is probably why more efforts are put into the preparation work when using JAD  , and why with JAD the typical " from preparation to a finished document -time " is longer than with RaPiD7. Although it might be difficult to get people to change their ways of doing everyday work  , typically the teams trying out RaPiD7 for some time would not give up using it. The goal in RaPiD7 is to benefit the whole project by creating as many of the documents as possible using RaPiD7. The steps of RaPiD7 method are presented in figure 1. Specifically  , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. For the teams applying RaPiD7 systematically the reward is  , however  , significant. The people who would traditionally participate the inspections are the people who will participate the RaPiD7 workshops  , too. The last and final level is to utilize RaPiD7 in a full-scale software project  , and plan the documentation authoring in projects by scheduling consecutive workshops. On the other hand  , there is a clear and valid reason for the aforementioned hesitancy for the applicability of agile modeling. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. The cases differ by the time required  , the people participating the workshops and the techniques used in the workshops. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski  , Oula Heikkinen  , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. The workshops are well prepared  , and innovative brainstorming and problem solving methods are used. Furthermore  , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. Hundreds of people have been involved in making RaPiD7 as a working practice in Nokia. Joint application development JAD is a requirements-definition and user-interface design methodology according to Steve McConnell 4. However  , it suits best for documents that are not product-like in nature. By using RaPiD7 method  , the following benefits are expected to realize:  Artifacts and specifications will be produced in a relatively short time from couple of days to one week  Inspecting the documents will not be typically needed after the document has been authored in a workshop  Communication in projects will be easier and more effective  People can work more flexibly in teams as they all share the same information  The overall quality of artifacts and specifications will be improved  No re-work is needed and hence time is saved  Schedules for workshops in projects are known early enough to plan traveling efficiently  , and thus costs can be reduced 3URFHHGLQJVVRIIWKHWKK ,QWHUQDWLRQDO&RQIHUHQFHHRQ6RIWZDUHHQJLQHHULQJJ ,&6 ¶  , Workshop n. Finished Figure 2  , Creating a document using RaPiD7 RaPiD7 method can be applied for authoring nearly all types of documents. Invitation Figure 1  , Steps of RaPiD7 1 Preparation step is performed for each of the workshops  , and the idea is to find out the necessary information to be used as input in the workshops. Therefore  , the key issue seems to be getting the teams to try out RaPiD7 long enough to see the benefits realizing. Without the efforts of these users we would not have such good results nor would we have RaPiD7 as an institutionalized way of working. In addition  , agile modeling does not provide ways to plan the modeling sessions in your software projects whereas in JAD and RaPiD7 the planning is seen crucial for success. The first workshops  , when trying to find out the right approach for a specific document type  , are the most difficult ones. It is no surprise that these different methods provide and promote similar kind of techniques for effective documentation work. In addition  , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects. After all  , if projects are planned according to RaPiD7 methodology there will be a number of workshops to participate in. This usually requires approximately two to three days of work for the first workshop  , and a few hours for the following workshops. In JAD  , the general idea is to have a workshop or a set of workshops rather than having unlimited number of workshops throughout the project. On the other hand  , agile modeling provides a number of pragmatic ideas how to perform agile modeling sessions to produce certain kind of models. Two-stage hill climbing 5.2.1. T o obtain a successor node during hill climbing mode  , the following steps are taken. In the hybrid SSH  , localization by hill-climbing is replaced by localization in an LPIM. Two hill climbing scenarios are considered below. The hill climbing method generates solutions very fast if it does not encounter deadends. This experiment validates the effectiveness of the weighted LHS combined with the Smart Hill-Climbing. percolation "  ? .. -the way this task can bc achicvcd : " hill-climbing " gradient methods  ? " 12 and 13show the concave and convex transition of climbing up hill respectively. hill there may exist a better solution. This measure is then used for a search method similar to the hill climbing method. Hence  , the solution most likely converges to local minimum. 4. GA optimization combined with simple hill climbing is used to improve gaits. Finally  , it describes how SBMPC was specialized to the steep hill climbing problem. Hill climbing does not work well for nonconvex spaces  , however  , since it will terminate when it finds a local maxima. In both cases  , concave and convex transition gait are performed sequentially. The detailed tracing results show that hill-climbing started from choosing topfacets and gradually replaced similar facets by less similar ones. However  , even if we combine DP with hill-climbing  , the planning problem is not yet free from combinatorial explosion . However   , we adjust all the weights in a WNB simultaneously  , unlike the hill climbing method  , in which we adjust each weight individually. The final facets selected by hill-climbing usually were still within the top 30%  , while the ones selected by random-were evenly distributed among the results from single-facet ranking. In the sequel we describe several alternatives of hill climbing and identify the problem properties that determine performance by a thorough investigation of the search space. The general approach can be used to specify the vehicle velocity at the top of the hill in the steep hill climbing problem. Alternatively  , we can follow the hill climbing approach but it is computationally more expensive and requires more scans of the database 18. Each experiment performed hill climbing on a randomly selected 90% of the division data. The hill-climbing match procedure typically requires about one minute. Ten experiments were performed with each of the two divisions. A * search is therefore more computationally expensive on average than hill climbing. The heuristical method can be enhanced with known methodologies such as hill climbing. Finally  , a hill-climbing phase in which different implernentation choices are considered reintroduces some of the interactions. Figure 2 only shows the most often influential attributes; i.e. This procedure is formalized in Alg. As the robot climbed the hill  , it decelerated  , resulting in a continual decrease in velocity. Metaheuristic algo- rithms 9 are elaborate combinations of hill climbing and random search to deal with local maxima. The other dramatic effect is the time taken with hill-climbing; not only is it just a fraction of the time taken without hill-climbing  , it is very close to being a constant  , varying between 32- 42ps for this set of randomised motion parameters and hull sizes between 10 and 500. However  , no results have been produced for mixed level arrays using these methods. For feature smoothing  , we found that it is valuable to apply different amounts of smoothing to single term features and proximity features 5. The current implementation of the VDL Generator has been equipped with a search strategy adopting the dynamic programming with a bottom-up approach. This prompts a need to develop a technique to escape from local minima through tunnelling or hill-climbing. Three basic search techniques are combined to perform the search through the octree space. In our experiments  , the parameter pair Second  , we use the hill-climbing a1 orithm and the crossover-swapping operator in paralfel. Although it is not possible to avoid deadends completely during the search  , we can minimize the probability of encountering deadends based on the measure developed here. Such a path always exists for a connected graph. Further parallelization is possible by batching up all the states to be evaluated in a single optimizer step. For performance reasons  , the iterative medoid-searching phase is performed on a sample using a greedy hill-climbing technique. After this iterative search  , an additional pass over the data is performed for refinement of clusters  , medoids and associated subspaces. 11shows the result for hill climbing using SBMPC  , which commanded the robot to back up and then accelerate to a velocity of 0.55 m/s at 1.5 s  , a velocity maintained until approximately 2.3 s  , the time at which the vehicle was positioned at the bottom of the hill. When the objective function has an explicit form  , Hill-climbing could quickly reach an optimal point by following the local gradients of the function. One approach to reducing the number of choice interactions that must be considered is described by Low 'Low  , 1974. If the stopping condition is not met  , the framework will use a hill-climbing strategy to find a new value for N and a new iteration will start. Feature weights are learned by directly maximizing mean average precision via hill-climbing. Now that the model has been fully specified  , the final step is to estimate the model parameters. We now describe a technique that incorporates hill-climbing and is roughly We assume that which vertices are adjacent to each vertex is pre-computed and stored as a part of the polyhedron representation. Mobile manipulators may have difficulties for the stability in climbing up a hill  , maneuvering on unstructured terrain  , and fast manipulation. following and hill-climbing control laws  , moving between and localizing at distinctive states. The JUKF functioned as expected. The transformation that produces the best match is then used to correct the dead reckoning error. High and low values were chosen empirically based on reasonable values for level ground and hill climbing. All parameter values are tuned based on average precision since retrieval is our final task. Like the hill climbing method  , we stop adjusting the weights when the increase between the current AUC and the previous AUC is less than a very small value ¯. Expert knowledge can be included in the methods  , and the definition of the problem can be changed in different ways to reflect different user envi- ronments. Overall  , hill-climbing helps us reducing overlapping facets without losing much coverage of target articles. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the soft cardinalitybased semantic similarity where the expert coreness annotations were used as training data. There exist two general approaches: the hill-climbing approach based on the MDL score 16  , 23  , the prevalent  , more practical one which is used here  , and the constraint-based approach. First  , it can localize unambiguously at any pose within the LPM rather than relying on the basic SSH strategy of hill-climbing to an unambiguous pose. The method of simulated annealing provides suck a technique of avoiding local minima. Hill-climbing method is used for its simplicity and effectiveness. In our approach to GSL  , data patterns are first matched to HEC cluster patterns through hill-climbing 8201. Then mobile robots can plan motion using the multi-functional and efficient traversability vector t-vector obstacle detection model 6. To reduce the computational cost  , pruning using problem specific constraints is necessary. ORCLUS 3  , finds arbitrarily oriented clusters by using ideas related to singular value decomposition. To identify modes  , all data points are taken as starting points and their location is updated through a sequence of hill climbing step. Only those data points that have a density exceeding the noise threshold before beginning the hill-climbing are assigned to a cluster center. This hill-climbing search was conducted on COCOMO II data divided into pre-and post-1990 projects. We usually settle at a maximum within 15–25 iterations: Figure 3shows that Jα quickly grows and stabilizes with successive iterations. For the following discussion  , we assume medium or large nonindexed images and unrestricted variables. Earlier authors have considered instead using hill-climbing approaches to adjust the parameters of a graph-walk 14. 1for the robot is generated between the two node positions. In many cases the contact positions had to be heavily adjusted to fulfill reachability. Since our method has only 3 parameters  , we calculated their optimal setting with a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search method. Tuning Interrelated Knobs: We may know of fast procedures to tune a set of interrelated knobs. Note  , that this maximization is a special case of the maximization of the posterior 3  , just that the likelihood becomes a constant. We run preliminary experiments on a small scale system to validate that the theoretical results hold. That figure shows the percentage of times an attribute was selected by a N =4 hill climbing search. Hill climbing has the potential to get stuck in a local minimum or freeze  , so stopping heuristics are required. Table 8compares results for some fixed level arrays reported in 22 . The hill-climbing approach is fast and practical. We then perform a hill-climbing search in the hierarchy graph starting from that pair. In order to comprehend the behavior of hill climbing under different combinations of search strategies  , we first study the search space for configuration similarity. Therefore  , we propose as an " optimal " path the one obtained by a hill-climbing method with Euclidean distances as the metric for edge weight. Remolina and Kuipers 13  ,  151 present a formalization of the SSH framework as a non-monotonic logical theory. A gateway is a boundary between qualitatively different regions of the environment: in the basic SSH  , the boundary between trajectory-following and hill-climbing applicability. Each gateway has two directions  , inward and outward. For the refinement step  , we apply a greedy hill climbing procedure explained in Sec. This energy could be employed for hill climbing or long jumping  , or converted to vertical motion in a " pole vaulting " mode. Accepting bad moves corresponds to perform what is called a hill climbing: on the other side of the hill there may exist a better solution. This commanded velocity profile resulted in the vehicle's front wheels reaching the top of the hill at approximately 4.1 s. A time-lapse sequence of the motion with and without SBMPC is shown in Figure 12. All the other runs got stuck in an infeasible local maximum. Section II describes the dynamic model used in this research  , which was developed in 5 and emphasizes important model features that enable it to be used for motion planning in general and the steep hill climbing problem in particular. Second  , it constructs a complete representation of the paths at the place  , and hence of the dstates and possible turn actions. The hill climbing search strategy modifies the position of one fixel at a time until arriving at a fixel configuration achieving simultaneous contact and providing force closure with the feature tuple. Deletion of tuples is performed symmetrically  , from the leaves to the root  , updating each concerned summary to take into account tuple deletion. The β values are tuned via hill climbing based on the hybrid NDCG values of the final ranking lists merged from different rankers. Since both energy functions can be locally minimized by preserving the overlap  , a definite hill climbing is involved. It should be noted that local optimizing techniques  , such as hill climbing  , cannot be used here to find the global optimum  , due to the presence of local extrema. Despite the great deal of motion planning research  , not much work has been done directly on the area of pushing planning. surface are iden tifiedand counted as rocks for inclusion in the roughness assessment. Surprisingly  , although ensemble selection overfits with small data  , reliably picking a single good model is even harder—making ensemble selection more valuable. The latter approach was chosen in this paper because it avoids representing the high-dimensional feature space. Note that hill-climbing strategies are currently the only ones that are compatible with LLA  , because statistical goodness-offit tests χ 2  require the compared models to be nested. The method applies a " hill-climbing " strategy that makes use of a 3-D playing area measuring   , as visualised in the illustrations discussed above. In the latter case the hill-climbing procedure has been ineffective in escaping a poor local optimum. The average width and height of the facets generated by the three methods were about the same  , except that random-occasionally chose some much wider facets. However  , unlike the hill climbing approach where all the points are reassigned to the clusters  , we do not reassign the points already assigned to the 'complete' clusters . The system performs the path search in an octree space  , and uses a hybrid search technique that combines hypothesize and test  , hill climbing  , and A ' This paper discusses some of the issues related to fast 3-D motion planning  , and presents such a system being developed at NRS. The dotted lines indicate the path each contact took in 3D space during the iterated refinement and hill climbing steps. We can now focus on these type-II knobs  , and perform hill climbing to obtain a potentially better knob configuration. The so-called hill-climbing search method locally optimize the summary hierarchy such that the tree is an estimated structure built from past observations and refined every time a new tuple is inserted. In the experiments for this problem  , only 8 out of 480 single start statistical hill-climbing runs 6 hours on one Sparc 20 per run converged to a feasible solution-that is approximately 1.7%. It can be noticed that climbing hills are not very well localised and that sometimes rocks are wrongly classified as steps down. This set of items is a complete description of what the mobile robot can see during its runs. dynamic programming  , greedy  , simulated annealing  , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 22. The procedure commences with initial support and confidence threshold values  , describing a current location   in the base plane of the playing area. Although hill-climbing had a slightly worse target article coverage than the other two 5% less  , it outperformed them in pair-wise similarity which means the facets selected have smaller overlap of navigational paths. The number of blocks remains constant throughout the hill climbing trial. Additional parameters are tuned by running a hill-climbing search on the training data. Several measurements were made to ascertain the quality of the various selection techniques  , as seen in Figure 1. All of the design and selection of the distance measures was done using hill-climbing on the development set  , and only after this exploration was In Figure 1we see both development and test set results for answer selection experiments involving a sample of the distance measures with which we experimented. Applying a hill-climbing strategy for workload intensity along the stress vectors  , we are able to reach the stress goal. Due to the absence of the training corpus  , the tuning of all parameters was performed on the testing data using a brute-force hill-climbing approach. However  , the conventional G A applications generate a random initial population without using any expert knowledge. Further  , we will replace the exponential moving average with an more efficient stochastic gradient hill climbing strategy. This way it can significantly increase the number of prob­ lems for which a solution can be found. We have developed a technique that uses a hill-climbing search to match evidence grids constructed at the same estimated position at different times. The presented data is taken from the above experiment and for the bunny object. 3represents the largest possible output power for one side of the vehicle  , which is 51 W. Generally speaking  , the torque limit constraint 5 is what causes deceleration when climbing a steep hill  , while the power constraint 6 limits the speed of the vehicle while traveling on either horizontal or sloped terrains. This allows us to use iterative hill-climbing approaches  , such as coordinate ascent  , to optimize the classifier in under an hour.  The knowledge base is enriched by learning from user behaviors  , such that the retrieval performance can be enhanced in a hill-climbing manner.  The LGM provides a solid and generic foundation for multimedia retrieval  , which can be extended towards a number of directions. The problems remaining are those of stability and reliability. These parameters can be divided into two kinds: the weights on the classes of words  , like people or locations  , and the thresholds for deciding if enough of the content is novel. In general  , the quality of solutions increases with density. For the few times that the position uncertainty became too large  , we were able to re-estimate initial positions using hill-climbing and GSL. At the current stage of our work  , the parameters are selected through exhaustive search or manually hill-climbing search. Therefore  , a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search is used to optimize mean average precision by starting at the full independence parameter setting λT = 1  , λO = λU = 0. In this case it is advisable to choose the optimum slope which requires the nummum energy consumption. The relocalization subsystem then used hill-climbing to find the best match between these two grids and output the estimated error. During these experiments  , transient changes were present  , in the form of people moving past the robot as it constructed these evidence grids. A hill-climbing gradient ascent technique described independently by Sanderson 9 and Jarvis 4 is to compute the criterion function  , move the lens  , recompute the Criterion function  , and look at the sign of the difference of the criterion. As can be seen  , the energy function corresponding to the optimal assignment metric yields ibetter results than the overlap metric in all cases. In general  , the fitness of the composite operator is adjusted as  By adjusting the operator fitness  , we balance the exploration of new search space and the exploitation of promising solutions found by the hill-climbing algo- rithm. Anyway  , the C parameter tuning is a very time and labor intensive work so that we need some automatic hill-climbing parameter calibration given enough computing power. We needed to index most of the content  , so indexing the content with partial noise was preferred to the one where some content blocks are unrecognized. The ultimate goal of this work is the development of 3D machines that can cross rugged  , natural andl manmade terrains. The heading is then modified so that the robot moves towards the stronger reading. In 8  , we analyzed a simple vision-motion planning problem and concluded that hill-climbing is useful to limit a search space at each stage of DP. In this paper we present a randomized and hill-climbing technique which starts with an initial priority scheme and optimizes this by swapping two randomly chosen robots. For forward selection  , the generation of candidate alternatives to a current model relies on the addition of edges  , because graphical models are completely defined by their edges or two-factor terms. The method searches for the weights that correspond to the best projection of data in the ddimensional space according to S&D. This phase follows a hill climbing strategy   , that is  , in each iteration  , a new partition is computed from the previous one by performing a set of modifications movements of vertices between communities. Given ℐ −   , instead of exhaustively considering all possible element subsets of ℐ −   , we apply a hill-climbing method to search for a local optimum  , starting from a random -facet interface ℐ . To increase the chance of forming a good solution we repeat the random walk or trial a number of times  , each time beginning with a random initial feasible solution. Since EIL for M CICM where the limiting campaign has high effectiveness property or for COICM in general are submodular and monotone  , the hill climbing approach provides a 1 − 1/e ap- proximation 10  , 36 for these problems. However the substantial time required and perhaps the complexity of implementing such methods has led to the widespread use of simpler heuristics  , such as hill-climbing 8 and greedy methods. We shall examine normalized vectors to see if it helps for an easier parameter tuning. The small number of queries in the testing dataset precluded the use of any statistical significance tests. Rather  , it selects a successor at random  , and moves to that successor provided that there is an improvement of MP C. The computation usually halts when we have not been able to choose a better successor after a fixed number of attempts. In other search engines such as Hill-Climbing  , it is clear that starting from a good location can significantly improve chances for convergence to an optimal solution in a much shorter time. Given that the Meet space is unlikely to be convex  , there is no guarantee that this greedy hill climbing approach will find a global optimum  , but  , as we will show  , it tends to reliably find good solutions for our particular problem. Since our parameter space is small  , we make use of a simple hill climbing strategy  , although other more sophisticated approaches are possible 10. Under the experiment's conditions  , the maximum speed on smooth level ground was 4 2 c d s or approximately 2.5 body lengths per second. The goal was to apply SBMPC to the hill climbing problem in a computationally efficient manner. However  , one recursive coarsening step already improves results considerably over mere hill climbing on the original mesh at level 0. For this  , we consider how many hill climbing steps the approach requires at each level and how many grasps need to be compared in each of these steps. In order to maintain a heading close to the centre of the chemical plume the robot employs a hill-climbing strategy in which the robot turns to take sensor readings to the left and right of its current heading. All of the timings in this section were done on a 120MHz Pentium PC running Linux  , and the code was compiled using the gcc compiler with optimisation turned on  , This figure illustrates clearly the usefulness of hill-climbing  , with the effect being most noticeable for larger hulls. Despite previous refinements to avoid overfitting the data used for ensemble hill- climbing 3   , our experiments show that ensemble selection is still prone to overfitting when the hillclimb set is small. For large document clusters  , it has been found to yield good results in practice  , i.e. The presentation emphasizes the importance of using a closed-loop model i.e. This differs from the simple-minded approach above  , where only a single starting pose is used for hill-climbing search  , and which hence might fail to produce the global maximum and hence the best map. We produce five queries with 9 variables  , and five with 12  , and for each query we generate 500 random solutions in a dataset of 1 ,000 uniformly distributed rectangles with density 0.5 density is defined as the sum of all rectangle areas divided by the workspace. The idea of considering both similarity and cost is motivated in Section 4.2.   , pagelinks.sql  , categorylinks.sql  , and redirect.sql  , which provide all the relevant data including the hyperlinks between articles  , categories of articles   , and the category system. These latter effects probably account for the increase in average time per operation for the hill-climbing version to around 250-300ns; the difference in the code for these two methods is tiny. When a local maximum is reached with a stepsize of 0.125 feet and 0.125 degrees  , the search is stopped and the resulting maximum is output as the transformation between the two evidence grids. Besides the discrete design variables  , the size of the search space is further increased by six continuously varying parameters defining the position and orientation of the space shuttle with respect to the satellite. The speed limitations are expected to be particularly important when planning minimum time paths on undulating terrain. Given the vertex We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. The final solution to the optimization problem is a setting of the parameters w and a pruning threshold that is a local maximum for the Meet metric. In order to test this observation we ran experiments with the four variations of hill climbing 2 variable selection  2 value selection mechanisms using query sets of 6 and 15 variables over datasets of I000 uniformly distributed rectangles with densities of 0.1 and 1. Figure 7a presents the performance of the predictive hill climbing approachPHCA and the degree centralityDegi  heuristic under various amounts of missing information for the case where the limiting campaign L is started with 30% delay. The expected log-likelihood 14 i s maximized using EM  , a popular niethod for hill climbing in likelihood space for problems with latent variables 2. Finally  , note that we have assumed here that the coordinates of the object vertices are available on There is a catch though: whereas in visualisation we usually view from single directions  , in simulation we are likely to want to keep track of distances between many pairs of objects lo . We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. We conduct CLIR experiments using the TREC 6 CLIR dataset described in Section 5.1. Xu and Weischedel 19 estimated an upper bound on CLIR performance. Probabilistic CLIR. We chose probabilistic structured queries PSQ as our CLIR baseline because among vector space techniques for CLIR it presently yields the best retrieval effectiveness. It does not occur in an operational CLIR setting. The simpler MoIR models may be directly derived from the more general CLIR setting. Section 7 and 8 compare our system with structural query translation and MTbased CLIR. For commercial reasons  , we have developed technology for English  , Japanese  , and Chinese CLIR. We ran CLIR and computed MAP at different Cumulative Probability Thresholds CPT. Retrieval results show that their impact on CLIR is very small. Table 4shows a comparison of the recall precision values for the English-Chinese CLIR experimental results. Despite the big differences between the two language pairs  , our experiments on English- Chinese CLIR consistently confirmed these findings  , showing the proposed cross-language meaning matching technique is not only effective  , but also robust. In this paper we report results of an experimental investigation into English-Japanese CLIR. We propose an approach to estimate the translation probability of a query term according to its effect on CLIR. While most existing studies have concentrated on CLIR between English and one or more European languages  , there is a need to develop methods for CLIR between European and Asian languages . To perform such benchmark  , we use the documents of TREC6 CLIR data AP88-90 newswire  , 750MB with officially provided 25 short French-English queries pairs CL1-CL25. The actual CLIR research seeks to answer the question how fuzzy translation should be applied in an automatic CLIR query formulation and interactive CLIR to achieve the best possible retrieval performance. Both CLIR and CLTC are based on some computation of the similarity between texts  , comparing documents with queries or class profiles. The main difficulties for CLIR are the disambiguation of the query term in the source and target language and the identification of the query language. Next we examined transitive retrieval to gauge its impact on notranslation CLIR. Based on this fundamental idea of CLIR  , we can define a corresponding Mixed-script IR MSIR setup as follows. What is shown at each point in the figure is the monolingual percentage of the CLIR MAP. The resulting good performance of CLIR corresponds to the high quality of the suggested queries. In the other experiments  , the English queries are translated into French and French queries are translated into English using various tools: 2. Since monolingual retrieval is a special case of CLIR  , where the query terms and document terms happen to be of the same language e.g. Nonetheless  , the results suggest that a simple dictionary-based approach can be as effective as a sophisticated MT system for CLIR. In order to analyze how good our query translation approach for CLIR  , we display in Fig. We performed three official automatic CLIR runs and 29 post-hoc automatic CLIR runs. Overall  , English-French CLIR was very effective  , achieving at least 90% of monolingual MAP when translation alternatives with very low probability were excluded. This is also one of very few recent studies to empirically explore the value of multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies for CLIR. Such effectiveness is consistent across different translation approaches as well as benchmarks. Paradoxically  , technical terms and names are not generally found in electronic translation dictionaries utilised by MT and CLIR systems. In dictionary-based CLIR queries are translated into the language of documents through electronic dictionaries. In each case  , we formed title+description queries in the same manner as for the automatic monolingual run. Our most relevant work 10  presented a method to predict the performance of CLIR according to translation quality and ease of queries. The reader is referred to the technical report by Oard and Dorr for an excellent review of the CLIR literature 18. Moreover we investigate how a controlled vocabulary can be used to conduct free-text based CLIR. For English-Chinese CLIR  , we accumulated search topics from TREC-5 and TREC-6  , which used the same Chinese document collection. The effectiveness of the various query translation methods for CLIR was then investigated. Most present CLIR methods fall into three categories: dictionary-based  , MT-based and corpus-based methods 1 . CLIR is characterized by differences in query and document language 3. Table 5shows that probabilistic CLIR using our system outperforms the three runs using SYSTRAN  , but the improvement over the combined MT run is very small. RUN1: To provide a baseline for our CLIR results  , we used BableFish to " manually " translate each Chinese query. Applications for alignments other than CLIR  , such as automatic dictionary extraction  , thesaurus generation and others  , are possible for the future. Multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies   , however  , are an underrepresented class of CLIR resources. Our approach to CLIR in MEDLINE is to exploit the UMLS Metathesaurus and its multilingual components. Research in the area of CLIR has focused mainly on methods for query translation. However  , previous work showed that English- Chinese CLIR using simple dictionary translation yields a performance lower than 60% of the monolingual performance 14. Although the principle of using parallel texts in CLIR is similar  , the approaches used may be very different. Based on the observation that the CLIR performance heavily relies on the quality of the suggested queries  , this benchmark measures the quality of CLQS in terms of its effectiveness in helping CLIR. There might be two possible reasons. The multilingual information retrieval problem we tackle is therefore a generalization of CLIR. Section 2 introduces the statistical approach to CLIR. Table 6shows examples of queries transformed through both alternatives. cross-language performance is 87.94% of the monolingual performance. Similar as for MoIR  , the combined CLIR models are also compared. Based on the results of this study our future research will involve the identification of language pairs for which fuzzy translation is effective  , the improvement of the rules for example  , utilising rule co-occurrence information  , testing the effects of tuning a confidence factor by a specific language pair  , selecting the best TRT and fuzzy matching combination  , and testing how to apply fuzzy translation in actual CLIR research. The Ad Hoc task provides a useful opportunity for us to get new people familiar with the tools that we will be using in the CLIR track|this year we submitted a single oocial Ad Hoc run using Inquery 3.1p1 with the default settings. Because the commercial versions of the dictionaries were converted automatically to CLIR versions  , with no manual changes done to the dictionaries or the translations  , the performance level of the CLIR queries achieved in the study can be achieved in practice in an operational CLIR setting. The study used a structuring method  , in which those words that were derived from the same Finnish word were grouped into the same facet. Even though a common approach in CLIR is to perform query translation QT using a bilingual dictionary 32  , there were studies showing that combining both QT and document translation DT improved retrieval performance in CLIR by using bilingual representations in both the source and target language 28  , 19  , 7  , 4. Our experiments with an English-French test collection for which a large number of topics are available showed that CLIR using bidirectional translation knowledge together with statistical synonymy significantly outperformed CLIR in which only unidirectional translation knowledge was exploited  , achieving CLIR effectiveness comparable to monolingual effectiveness under similar conditions. The CLIR experiments reported in this section were performed using the TREC 2002 CLIR track collection  , which contains 383 ,872 articles from the Agence France Press AFP Arabic newswire  , 50 topic descriptions written in English  , and associated relevance judgments 12. Experiments for English and Dutch MoIR  , as well as for English-to-Dutch and Dutch-to-English CLIR using benchmarking CLEF 2001-2003 collections and queries demonstrate the utility of our novel MoIR and CLIR models based on word embeddings induced by the BWESG model. Section 5 presents the results  , Section 6 suggests future work  , and Section 7 concludes. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR refers to retrieval when the query and the database are in different languages. In this section  , we show the effectiveness of our approach for CLIR. The results are available in tab. 1997 found that their corpus-based CLIR queries performed almost as well as the monolingual baseline queries. Our approach is independent of stemmers  , part of speech taggers and parsers. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR remains a difficult task. Hence  , CLIR experiments were performed with different translations: i.e. Phrasal translation approach 17  , 11 was inspected for improving CLIR performance. However  , our approach is unique in several senses. This is importmt in a CLIR environment. Automatic phrase identification methods have been developed for CLIR environment Ballesteros & Croft  , 1997 . It also shows that monolingual performance is not necessarily the upper bound of CLIR performance. Moving from the global perspective to an individual level  , CLIR is useful  , for example  , for the people  , who are able to understand a foreign language  , but have difficulty in using it actively. The focus of this paper is on machine learning-based CLIR approaches and on metrics to measure orthogonality between these systems. Translation experiments and CLIR experiments are based on the CLEF topic titles C041-C200  , which are capitalized  , contain stopwords and full word forms. Technical terms and proper names constitute a major problem in dictionary-based CLIR  , since usually just the most commonly used technical terms and names are found in translation dictionaries. Direct comparison to techniques based on language modeling would be more difficult to interpret because vector space and language modeling handle issues such as smoothing and DF differently. In addition to the ambiguity problem  , each of the approaches to CLIR has drawbacks associated with the availability of resources. In this paper  , we look at CLIR from a statistical modelling perspective  , similarly to how the problems of part-of-speech tagging  , speech recognition  , and machine translation have been  , successfully  , approached. Dictionary based CLIR was explored by several groups including New Mexico State University 8  , University of Massachusetts l  , and the Xerox Research Center Europe ll. An overview of the technical issues involved in supporting CLIR within the European Library with a specific focus on user query translation can be found in Agosti1. It is certainly true that nonparticipants might have more difficulties in interpreting their results based on the small size of the CLIR pool  , as Twenty-One points out. In English-Chinese CLIR  , pre-translation query expansion means using a separate English collection for pretranslation retrieval in order to expand the English query with highly associated English terms. Our experiments of CLIR showed that the triple translation has a positive impact on the query translation  , and results in significant improvements of CLIR performance over the co-occurrence method. Finding translations in general dictionaries for CLIR encounters the problems of the translation of unknown queries -especially for short queries and the availability of up-to-date lexical resources. It has been suggested that CLIR can potentially utilize the multiple useful translations in a bilingual lexicon to improve retrieval performance Klavans and Hovy  , 1999. Section 3 then introduces our meaning matching model and explains how some previously known CLIR techniques can be viewed as restricted implementations of meaning matching . Research on CLIR has therefore focused on three main questions: 1 which terms should be translated ? Although not strictly an upper bound because of expansion effects  , it is quite common in CLIR evaluation to compare the effectiveness of a CLIR system with a monolingual baseline. More generally  , this research is motivated by the fact that  , relative to dictionaries and collection based strategies  , thesauri remain unexplored in the recent CLIR context. We investigate query translation based CLIR here. Even though precomputation can improve the efficiency of our system as we discussed earlier  , we expect MT-based CLIR would still be faster due to a sparser term-document matrix. One might wonder whether we can use the Arabic monolingual thesaurus to improve CLIR. The left graph shows a comparison of doing English-German CLIR using the alignments  , the wordlist or the combination of both. Research in CLIR explores techniques for retrieving documents in one language in response to queries in a different language. The most obvious approach to CLIR is by either translating the queries into the language of the target documents or translating the documents into the language of the queries. The problem of multilingual text retrieval has a long history. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR addresses the situation where the query that a user presents to an IR system  , is not in the same language as the corpus of documents being searched. However  , as the translation resource is constant across the experiments in the paper  , we were confident this would not affect the comparison of triangulation to other CLIR techniques. Thus  , it is important for a translation system based CLIR approach to maintain the uncertainty in translating queries when queries are ambiguous. OOV problem consists of having a dictionary that is not able to completely cover all terms of a language or  , more generally  , of a domain . These components interact  , respectively  , with the MT services and with the domain-specific ontology deployed on the CLIR system. The goal of the presented study was the investigation on the effectiveness of integrating semantic domain-specific resources  , like ontologies  , into a CLIR context. We obtained monolingual baselines for each language pair by retrieving documents with TD queries formulated from search topics that are expressed in the same language as the documents. Scanning the papers of CLIR Track participants in TREC-9 and TREC-2001  , we observe a trend toward the fusion of multiple resources in an attempt to improve lexical coverage. We also show how to use the alignments to extend the classical CLIR problem to a scenario where mono-and cross-language result lists are merged. In CLIR  , queries are translated from the source language to the target language  , and the original and translated queries are used to retrieve documents in both the source and targeted languages. This strategy works well with many relevant documents retrieved in the initial top n  , but is less successful when the initial retrieval effectiveness is poor  , which is commonly the case in CLIR where initial retrieval performance is affected by translation accuracy see  , e.g. However  , research funding by such projects as TIDES 1   , indicates that there is a need  , within intelligence organisations at least  , for CLIR systems using poor translation resources and pivots. Contributions. Indeed  , the impressive CLIR performance was typically observed in the following settings: 1 test documents were general-domain news stories i.e. Let L1 be the source language and L2 be the target language in CLIR  , all our corpus-based methods consist of the following steps: 1. Benchmarked using TREC 6 French to English CLIR task  , CLQS demonstrates higher effectiveness than the traditional query translation methods using either bilingual dictionary or commercial machine translation tools. Davis and Dunning 1996 and Davis 1997 also found that the performance of MRD-based CLIR queries was much poorer than that of monolingual queries. A common problem with past research on MT-based CLIR is that a direct comparison of retrieval results with other approaches is difficult because the lexical resources inside most commercial MT systems cannot be directly accessed. Tools for CLIR such as dictionaries are not universally available in every language needed or in every domain covered in digital libraries. Thirteen groups participated in the CLIR track introduced in TREC-6  , with documents and queries in German   , English  , French and queries in Dutch and Spanish as well. Interestingly  , this assumption yielded good results in the English-F'rench CLIR runs. We are interested in realizing 1 the possibility of predicting a query term to be translated or not; 2 whether the prediction can effectively improve CLIR performance; and 3 how untranslated OOV and various translations of non-OOV terms affect CLIR performance. This paper has proposed an approach to automatically translate unknown queries for CLIR using the dynamic Web as the corpus. The obtained experimental results have shown its effectiveness in efficiently generating translation equivalents of various unknown query terms and improving retrieval performance for conventional CLIR approaches. The most important difference between them is the fact that CLIR is based on queries  , consisting of a few words only  , whereas in CLTC each class is defined by an extensive profile which may be seen as a weighted collection of documents. In developing techniques for CLTC  , we want to keep in mind the lessons learned in CLIR. At query time  , the CLIR system may perform the construction of three types of queries  , starting from the ones formulated by users  , based on the system configuration: 1. CLIR systems need to be robust enough to tackle textual variations or errors both at the query end and at the document end. Explicitly expressing term dependency relations has produced good results in monolingual retrieval 9  , 18   , but extending that idea to CLIR has not proven to be straightforward. Query translation approaches for cross-language information retrieval CLIR can be pursued either by applying a machine translation MT system or by using a token-to-token bilingual mapping. Even for Spanish- Chinese CLIR  , we used the English projection to place documents of both languages in the reduced space where the actual CLIR-task is performed. However  , when MRD translation was supplemented with parts-of-speech POS disambiguation  , or POS and corpus-based disambiguation   , CLIR queries performed much better. We propose that translating pieces of words sequences of n characters in a row  , called character n-grams can be as effective as translating words while conveying additional benefits for CLIR. In pure thesaurus based retrieval  , documents and queries are matched through their thesaurus based representations   , with document representations derived by an indexer and query representations provided by users. As summarized by Schauble and Sheridan 24  the TREC- 6 CLIR results appear consistent with previous results in that the performances typically range between 50 and 75% of the corresponding monolingual baselines. From our perspective  , it is evident that given the nature of the TREC collections  , CLIR approaches based upon multilingual thesauri remain difficult to explore. Soergel describes a general framework for the use of multilingual thesauri in CLIR 27   , noting that a number of operational European systems employ multilingual thesauri such as UDC and LCSH for indexing and searching. Query translation  , which aims to translate queries in one language into another used in documents  , has been widely adopted in CLIR. Its correct Chinese translations result in average precision AP of 0.5914 for CLIR. Section 4 then describes the design of an experiment in which three variants of meaning matching are compared to strong monolingual and CLIR baselines. A major motivation for us to develop the cross-language meaning matching model is to improve CLIR effectiveness over a strong CLIR baseline. One of the simplest yet well performing approaches to CLIR is based on query translation using an existing Statistical Machine Translation SMT system which is treated as a black box. The fact that our approach outperformed one of the best commercial MT systems indicates that some specific translation tools designed for query translation in CLIR may be better than on-the-shelf MT systems. For evaluating the effectiveness of the CLIR system  , different standard metrics have been adopted. We also presented a revised version of the co-occurrence model. For patent search in compounding languages  , the CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than for other language pairs 3  , 7 . Recently  , approaches exploiting the use of semantics have been explored. Both NUS and NIfWP queries were divided into two subtypes  , structured and unstructured queries. However  , the performance can be improved by supplemental methods and by structuring of queries. CLIR typically involve translating queries from one language to another. In Section 2  , we review previous work on CLIR using query translation  , document translation  , and merged result sets. We proposed and evaluated a novel approach to extracting bilingual terminology from comparable corpora in CLIR. Exploiting different translation models revealed to be highly effective. In this paper  , we proposed a method to leverage click-through data to extract query translation pairs. 2 reports the enhancement on CLIR by post-translation expansion. From a statistical perspective  , the CLIR problem can be formulated as follows. This phenomenon motivates us to explore whether a query term should be translated or not. Still others are affected by the translation quality obtained. Score normalisation is not necessary for the web task  , but is relevant for other tasks like CLIR and topic tracking. Conventionally CLIR approaches 4 ,7 ,8 ,12 ,21 have focused mainly on incorporating dictionaries and domain-specific bilingual corpora for query translation 6 ,10 ,18. This is also observed in our experiments. The advantage of the dictionary-based approach is also twofold. We contrast and compare our recent work as CLIR/DLF postdoctoral fellows placed in three different institutions 2. On English-Chinese CLIR  , our focus was put on finding effective ways for query translation. 4a comparison of the retrieval results for the 25 queries. We have a large English-Chinese bilingual dictionary from LDC. Finally  , Section 8 states some conclusions. The above experiment demonstrates the effectiveness of using CLQS to suggest relevant queries for CLIR enhancement. The runs which do candidate selection fig. Corpus based methods have also been investigated independent of dictionaries. The impact of disambiguation for CLIR is debatable. Applying the research results in that area will be helpful. The effect on CLIR queries was small  , as the Finnish queries did not have many phrases. Therefore the main task in CLIR is not translating sentences but translating phrases. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR deals with the problem of finding documents written in a language different from the one used for query formulation. Two reports have measured retrieval performance as a function of resources for English-Chinese retrieval. Therefore  , it gives a good indication on the possible impact on query translation. The CLIR model described in 5 is based on the following decomposition: In particular  , the models proposed in 5  , 18  , 1 are considered. Large English- Chinese bilingual dictionaries are now available. 2 11 queries with monolingual Avg. P lower than CLIR. Despite the reasonable average percentual increase  , most of the differences are not significant. Groups experimenting with such approaches during this or former CLIR tracks include Eurospider  , IBM and the University of Montreal. A second approach we used for translation is based on automatic dictionary lookup. In this paper  , we explore several methods to improve query translation for English-Chinese CLIR. We evaluate the three proposed query translation models on CLIR experiments on TREC Chinese collections. According to Hull and Grefenstette 1996 human translation in CLIR experiments is an additional source of error. Pair-wise pvalues are shown in Table 4. Some should-not-betranslated terms inherently suffer from their ineffectiveness in CLIR. In CLIR  , given the expense of translation  , a user is likely to be interested in the top few retrieved documents. However  , it is often a reasonable choice to transliterate certain OOV words  , especially the Named Entities NEs. There are several ways to cross the language barriers in CLIR systems. Section 2 presents an overview of the works carried out in the field of CLIR systems. The Arabic topics were used in our monolingual experiments and the English topics in our CLIR experiments. Within the project Twenty-One a system is built that supports Crosslanguage Information Retrieval CLIR. Query translation is usually selected for practical reasons of eeciency. Thecompared AveP and G AveP. However  , it should be stressed that MT and IR have widely divergent concerns. Half of the topics shows an increase in average precision  , the other half a decrease. Section 3 describes our CLIR experiments with and without our automatically discovered dictionary entries. Results are presented and discussed in Section 4. They concluded that even if the translation ambiguity were solved correctly  , only limited improvement can be obtained. 3 9 queries with monolingual average precision higher than CLIR. This makes it worth finding how effective CHI is in CLIR when compared to WM1. 16  develops a cross-lingual relevancy model by leveraging the crosslingual co-occurrence statistics in parallel texts. In Section 3  , we presented a discriminative model for cross lingual query suggestion. The following list of user requirements related to CLIR was derived: Together with the observation notes  , the scenarios served to identify key factors for system design. In cross-language IR either documents or queries have to be translated. The last section summarizes this work and outlines directions for future work. We induced a bilingual lexicon from the translated corpus by treating the translated corpus as a pseudo-parallel corpus. The system achieved roughly 90% of monolingual performance in retrieving Chinese documents and 85% in retrieving Spanish documents. We define translation  , expansion  , and replacement features. Another group of useful features are CLIR features. To overcome the language barrier in cross-language information retrieval CLIR  , either queries or documents are translated into the language of their counterparts. Thus we argue that the DICT model gives a reasonable baseline. One reason is simply the cost of existing linguistic resources  , such as dictionaries. Another problem associated with the dictionary-based method is the problem in translating compound-noun phrases in a query. In this section  , we describe the approach we have adopted for addressing the CLIR problem. A gold standard that  , for each query  , provides the list of the relevant documents used to evaluate the results provided by the CLIR system. SMT-based CLIR-methods clearly outperform all others. In the following sections  , we first describe the system and the language resources employed for the TREC-8 CLIR track. In TREC-10 the Berkeley group participated only in the English-Arabic cross-language retrieval CLIR track. one such technique of implementing fuzzy text search for CLIR to solve the above mentioned problems. Thus  , the previous studies show that simple MRD-based CLIR queries perform poorly. Previous studies McCarley  , 1999 suggested that such a combination can improve CLIR performance. Research in the area of cross-language information retrieval CLIR has focused mainly on methods for translating queries. In particular we concentrate on the comparison of various query translation methods. We have explored a CLIR method for MEDLINE using only the multilingual Metathesaurus for query translation . Such approaches pursue the reduction of erroneous or irrelevant translations in hope that the CLIR performance could approach to that of monolingual information retrieval MIR. NTCIR test collection and SMART retrieval system were used to evaluate the proposed strategies in CLIR. Results showed that larger lexicon sources  , phrase translation  , and disambiguation techniques improve CLIR performance significantly and consistently on TREC-9 corpus. However  , MT systems are available for only a few pairs of languages. In comparison with MT  , this approach is more flexible. Many questions need to be answered. This year we approached TREC Genomics using a cross language IR CLIR techniques. In this work  , we have presented a CLIR system based on the combination of the usage of domain-specific multilingual ontologies i for expanding queries and ii for enriching document representation with the index in a multilingual environment. However  , except for very early work with small databases 22   , there has been little empirical evaluation of multilingual thesauri controlled vocabularies in the context of free-text based CLIR  , particularIy when compared to dictionary and corpus-based methods. There have been three main approaches to CLIR: translation via machine translation tectilques ~ad94; parallel or comparable corpora-based methods lJX195aj LL90  , SB96  , and dictionary-based methods Sa172 ,Pev72  , HG96  , BC96. CLIR has received more attention than any other querytime replacement problem in recent years  , and several effective techniques are now known. In the last decade  , however  , with the growth in the number of Web users  , the need of facing the problem of the language barriers for exchanging information has notably increased and the need for CLIR systems in everyday life has become more and more clear the recent book by J.-Y. Since the main goal of the presented work consists of exploring the impact of domain-specific semantic resources on the effectiveness of CLIR systems  , in our investigations we will focus on the strategies for matching textual inputs to ontological concepts applied to both the query and the documents in the target collection rather than on the translation of the textual query. It is caused by that statistical features reflect the underlying distribution of translated terms in the document collection  , and also that CLIR features reveal the degree of translation necessity. We have demonstrated that using statistical term similarity measures to enhance the dictionary-based query-translation CLIR method  , particularly in term disambiguation and query expansion  , can significantly improve retrieval effectiveness. Post-hoc CLIR results are reported on all 75 topics from TREC 2001 and TREC 2002. One reason is that ad-hoc CLEF tasks evaluate CLIR systems as a whole; there is no direct comparison of alternative solutions for specific system components  , such as translation strategies given a fixed set of translation resources  , or resource acquisition techniques given a fixed translation strategy. For TREC-7 and TDT-2 we had been using PRISE  , but our interest in trying out Pirkola's technique for CLIR led to our choice of Inquery for CLIR TREC-8. MRD-based approaches demonstrated to be effective for addressing the CLIR problem ; however  , when CLIR systems are applied to specific domains  , they suffer of the " Out-Of-Vocabulary " OOV issue 7. A plethora of literature about cross lingual information retrieval CLIR exists. These methods follow a very similar pattern: the query 28 or the target document set 3 is automatically translated and search is then performed using standard monolingual search. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file formats  , such as e.g. Jeff Rothenberg together with CLIR 25  envision a framework of an ideal preservation surrounding for emulation. Emulation requires sufficient knowledge from the user about the computer environment and dependencies of components. In both works  , the results demonstrated that the idea of using domain specific resources for CLIR is promising. Since then  , research in CLIR has grown to cover a wider variety of languages and techniques. Such a technique has been shown to improve CLIR performance. This more general problem will also be investigated in the CLIR track for the upcoming TREC-7 conference. Quality assessment independent of a specific application will be discussed in the following  , whereas an evaluation of the alignments for use in CLIR can be found in section 4. There are various reasons for textual variations like spelling variations  , dialectal variations  , morphological variations etc. The English NL/S and NUWP queries that provided the basis for Finnish queries  , were also used as baselines for CLIR queries see Figure 1. The syn-operator treats its operand search keys as instances of the same key. One possible way by which structuring disambiguates CLIR queries is that it enforces " conjunctive " relationships between search keys. Translating pieces of words seems odd. In this paper  , we proposed several approaches to improve dictionary-based query translation for CLIR. The latter runs the decoder directly with the new weights. WE-VS. Our new retrieval model which relies on the induction of word embeddings and their usage in the construction of query and document embeddings is described in sect. Sometimes such expressions are written identically in different languages and no translation is needed. CLIR systems' proven ability to rank news stories might not transfer readily to other genres such as medical journal articles – a point also raised by 16. We outline the corpus-based CLIR methods and a MT-based approach  , with pointers to the literature where detailed descriptions can be found. All of the correlation values exceed 0.6  , and therefore are statistically highly significant. We propose a novel approach to learning from comparable corpora and extracting a bilingual lexicon. Successful translation of OOV terms is one of the challenges of CLIR. A Chinese topic contains four parts: title  , description  , narrative and key words relevant to whole topic. This implies users would prefer them  , but the technique is rarely deployed in actual IR systems. So it is very interesting to compare the CLQS approach with the conventional query expansion approaches. Interestingly  , both systems obtained best results by using French as source language 4 . Disambiguation of multiplesense terms by estimating co-occurrence for each chandi- date3 has also shown evident accuracy enhancement. In this section  , we discuss the effect of translating OOV and non-OOV query terms on CLIR. For those ineffective OOV terms LRMIR < 0  , not-translating such terms is beneficial to CLIR performance. We also verify that translating should-be-translated terms indeed helps improve CLIR performance across various translation methods   , retrieval models  , and benchmarks. According to the authors  , it appears that document translation performs at least as well as query translation. For TREC-6  , the CLIR track topics were developed centrally at NIST Schäuble and Sheridan  , 1998. They found that users were able to reliably assess the topical relevance of translated documents . Only the umd99b1" and umd99c1" runs contributed to the relevance assessment pools. But in our CLIR system  , in some degree  , word disambiguation has not taken some obvious affect to retrieval efficiency. After that  , we submit four runs for CLIR official evaluation this year. TREC-8 marks the first occasion for CLARITECH to participate in the CLIR track. With our TREC-8 submission  , we are in a position to assess how well our techniques extend to European languages. For CLIR involving more than two languages  , we decompose the task into bilingual retrieval from the source language to the individual target languages  , then merge the retrieval results. While there is little research on using syntactic approaches for resolving translation ambiguity for CLIR  , linguistic structures have been successfully exploited in other applications. This study explores the relationship between the quality of a translation resource and CLIR performance. The upper two figures are for AP88-89 dataset  , and the lower two are for WSJ87-88 dataset. Arabic  , the same retrieval system was also used for monolingual experiments. The TREC-9 collection contains articles published in Hong Kong Commercial Daily  , Hong Kong Daily News  , and Takungpao. As discussed earlier  , direct comparisons with other techniques have been a problem because lexicons in most MT systems are inaccessible. Table 3shows the retrieval results of our CLIR system on TREC5C and TREC9X. Once a list of monolingual results has been retrieved in each collection   , all the lists are merged to produce a multilingual result list. In cultures where people speak both Chinese and English  , using mixed language is a common phenomenon. On English-Chinese CLIR of TREC5 and TREC6  , we obtained 75.55% of monolingual effectiveness using our approach. The main aim of our participation in the cross-language track this year was to try different combinations of various individual cross-language information retrieval CLIR approaches. This is because even though we invested considerable effort  , we were not able to locate an offthe-shelf German Italian machine translation system. shows Kendall's rank correlations with the NTCIR-3 CLIR Chinese data for all pairs of IR metrics considered in this study. We used the English document collection from the NTCIR- 4 1 CLIR task and the associated 50 Chinese training topics. We therefore omitted Model 4 for the English- Chinese pair. The wordlist contains about 145 ,000 entries. Thus  , we both use a Japanese corpus to validate the hypothetical katakana sequences. The co-occurrence technique can also be used to reduce ambiguity of term translations. Similarly to last year  , CLIR track participants were asked to retrieve documents from a multilingual pool containing documents in four different languages. Another advantage of the proposed method is that it can automatically extract the popular sense of the polysemous queries. Nevertheless  , it is arguable that accurate query translation may not be necessary for CLIR. For example  , in 12  , syntactic dependency was exploited for resolving word sense ambiguity. Our experimental results will show that the probabilistic model may achieve comparable performances to the best MT systems. The results we have obtained already showed clearly the feasibility of using Web parallel documents for model training. A CLIR BMIR-J2 collection was constructed by manually translating the Japanese BMIR-J2 requests into English. In previous work on direct word-for-word translation  , Ballesteros and Croft 1 reported CLIR effectiveness 60% below monolingual. Our comparable results for the direct run indicated performance 81% below monolingual. CLIR methods involving machine translation systems  , bilingual dictionaries  , parallel and comparable collections are currently being  explored. Disambiguation strategies are typically employed to reduce translation errors. Thus  , our second measure is average interpolated precision at 0.10 recall. We utilize linguistic Ling  , statistical Stat  , and CLIR features f si of query term si to capture its characteristics from different aspects. CLIR features are the key to learning what characteristics make a term favorable or adverse for translation. Note that the English and Chinese documents are not parallel texts. Realizing what factors determine translation necessity is important. Both tasks use topic models to retrieve similar documents. We distinguish preretrieval and post-retrieval data merging methods. A key resource for many approaches to cross-language information retrieval CLIR is a bilingual dictionary bidict. Query translation research has developed along two broad directions  , typically referred to as " dictionary-based " and " corpus-based " techniques. 2 11 queries with monolingual average precision lower than CLIR. Researchers have used various language pairs Copyright is held by the author/owner. The probabilistic approach will be compared empirically with two popular CLIR techniques  , structural query translation and machine translation MT. Studies that used MT systems for CLIR include Ballesteros and Croft 1998; Oard 1998. WEAVER was used to induce a bilingual lexicon for our approach to CLIR. Its performance is around 85% of monolingual retrieval. Term disambiguation has been a subject of intensive study in CLIR Ballesteros  , 1998. The paper will also offer explanations  , why these methods have positive effects. This has a depressing effect on CLIR performance  , as such expressions are often prime keys in queries. Besides the above phrase translation method  , we also use another two methods in our Chinese-English CLIR system: CEMT-based method and dictionary-based method. These context-sensitive token translation probabilities can then be used in the same way as context-independent probabilities. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file format. Section 3 discusses methods for evaluating the alignments and section 4 shows the application of alignments in a CLIR system. For application in a CLIR system  , pairs from classes 1 through 4 are likely to help for extracting good terms. A technique for translating queries indirectly using parallel corpora has been proposed by Sheridan & Ballerini 19  , 20. In this paper  , we present an approach facing the third scenario. This problem has been addressed in two different ways in the literature. In the provided evaluation   , the gold standard was manually created by the domain experts. This further enrichment of the documents representation permits to increase the effectiveness of the CLIR system. However  , the combined use of the two ontologies is destructive with respect to the use of the sole Organic. Lingua one. Our method of fuzzy text search could be used in any type of CLIR system irrespective of their underlying retrieval models. The former reuses hypergraphs/lattices produced with the MIRA-tuned weights and applies new weights to find an alternative  , CLIR-optimized  , derivation. The user may not be proficient at reading a foreign language  , so could not be expected to look through more than the top retrieved documents. Figure 2: Comparison of CLIR performance on heterogeneous datasets using both short and long queries. In 19  , for example  , an IR-like technique is used to find statistical association between words in two languages. The use of the combined dictionary is motivated by previous studies 9  , 17  , which showed that larger lexicon resource improves CLIR performance significantly. EuroWordNet has a small phrase vocabulary  , which we anticipated would reduce the effectiveness of our CLIR system. Many applications of CLIR rely on large bilingual translation resources for required language pairs. Hence  , this approach bears high potential for CLIR tasks. The problem of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR extends the information retrieval framework by assuming that queries and documents are not in the same language. Particular difficulties exist in languages where there are no clearly defined boundaries between words as is the case with Chinese text. For example  , AbdulJaleel and Larkey describe a transliteration technique 1  that they successfully applied in English- Arabic CLIR. English stop words were removed from the English document collection  , and the Porter stemmer 13  was used to reduce words to stems. Our English-Chinese CLIR experiments used the MG 14 search engine. No statistically significant improvements over the baseline were observed for the fine fax resolution or the standard fax resolution not shown. In section 4  , we describe the use of query expansion techniques. In CLIR  , queries can be expanded prior to translation  , after translation or both before and after translation. 3 9 queries with monolingual Avg. P higher than CLIR. On its own the CLIR approach gives varying results: some topics benefit from the reweighting of important query terms and the expansion with tokens related to the detected biomedical concepts. One Arabic monolingual run and four English-Arabic cross-language runs were submitted. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 11. With the explosion of on-line non-English documents  , crosslanguage information retrieval CLIR systems have become increasingly important in recent years. extracted from parallel sentences in French and English  , the performance of CLIR is improved. We investigate the retrieval ability of our new vector space retrieval model based on bilingual word embeddings by comparing it to the set of standard MoIR and CLIR models. LM-UNI  , which was the best scoring MoIR model  , is now outscored by the other two models which rely on structured semantic representations. For a parallel corpus  , we use Brown et al's statistical machine translation models Brown et al  , 1993 to automatically induce a probabilistic bilingual lexicon. The syn-operator was used in structured CLIR queries; the words of the same facet were combined by the syn-operator. Disambiguation through increasing the weight of relevant search keys is an important way of disambiguation Hull  , 1997. This is made more critical as the number of languages represented in electronic media continues to expand . Combining either of these two expansion methods with query translation augmented by phrasal translation and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance above 90% monolingual. Furthermore  , post-translation expansion is capable of improving CLQS-based CLIR. We first explored the viability of no-translation CLIR on a broader range of disparate language pairs than has been heretofore reported. However  , the accuracy of query translation is not always perfect. NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 CLIR tasks also provide English and Chinese documents  , which are used as the source and target language corpora  , respectively. The coefficient of determination R 2 measures how well future outcomes are likely to be predicted by the statistical models. We use NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 English-Chinese tasks for evaluation and consider both <title> and <desc> fields as queries. It shows that T is influenced by intrinsic ineffectiveness  , semantic recovery by query expansion  , or poor translation quality. Our goal is to assess the UMLS Metathesaurus based CLIR approach within this context. We also show that such dictionaries contribute to CLIR performance . In this study we presented a novel fuzzy translation technique based on automatically generated transformation rules and fuzzy matching. One of them is based on cognates  , for which untranslatable and/or similar terms in case of close languages are used for matching the query. We argue that these variations can be captured by successfully matching training resources to target corpora. This simple scenario is modified in the context of CLIR  , where   , dN } consists of only those documents that are in the same language and script  , i.e. This paper's main contribution is a novel approach to CTIR. Since all of our models require large sets of relevance-ranked training data  , e.g. The evaluation metric is Mean Average Precision MAP. Informal tests " viewing the interaction with a CLIR system available on the Web ARCTOS and machine-translated web pages Google. CLIR is to retrieve documents in one language target language providing queries in another language source language. Although different resources or techniques are used  , all these methods try to generate the best target queries. Only the title and description fields of the topics were used in query formulation. Clearly a need for enhanced resources is felt. We have used it for three popular languages Hindi  , Bengali and Marathi which use Brahmi origin scripts. This is called the ambiguity problem in CLIR. Related work on alignment has been going on in the field of computational linguistics for a number of years. Evaluating document-level alignments can have fundamentally different goals. The full topic statements were used for all runs  , and the evaluation used relevance assessments for 21 queries. Much of the research conducted in this area has focused on supporting more effective cross-language information retrieval CLIR. The knowledge source used in English-Chinese-oriented CLIR system mainly includes dictionary knowledge and Chinese Synonym Dictionary. In addition  , stopword list and word morphological resumption list are also utilized in our system. Ogden and Davis 19 were among the first to study the utility of CLIR systems in interactive settings. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 18. In Section 2  , we describe the various components of CLIR systems  , existing approaches to the OOV problem  , and explain the ideas behind the extensions we have developed. While each of the above phases involve different tech-niques  , they are all inter-related. Table 1provides some statistics of the data. 3 report on CLIR experiments for French and Spanish using the same test collection as we do OHSUMED  , and the UMLS Metathesaurus for query translation  , achieving 71% of baseline for Spanish and 61 % for French. One principled solution to this problem is Pirkola's structured query method 6. This is an encouraging result that shows the approach based on a probabilistic model may perform very well. multi Searcher deals with several CLIR issues. We proposed a context-based CLIR tool  , to support the user  , in having a certain degree of confidence about the translation. We performed one Chinese monolingual retrieval run and three English-Chinese cross-language retrieval runs. A good MT system  , if available  , may perform query translation of reasonable quality for CLIR purposes. We return to the issue of vocabulary coverage later in the paper. An underlying assumption in this approach is that the initial manual translation is accurate  , and that it can be unambiguously translated back to the original Japanese query. We had found that dividing the RSV by the query length helps to normalize scores across topics. Corpus-based approaches are also popular. We employed the query translation approach to CLIR by translating the English queries and retrieve in monolingual Chinese. Overall  , both translations are quite adequate for CLIR. The Natural Language Systems group at IBM participated in three tracks at TREC-8: ad hoc  , SDR and cross-language. Full document translation for large collections is impractical  , thus query translation is a viable alternative. Newly borrowed technical words and foreign proper names are often written in Japanese using a syllabic alphabet called katakana. Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval CLIR addresses the problem of ranking documents whose language differs from the query language. In this section  , we present the results of our CLIR experiments on TREC Chinese corpora. We focused on translation of phrases  , which has been demonstrated to be one of most effective ways to obtain more accurate translations. CLIR experiments in the literature have used multilingual   , document-aligned corpora  , where documents in one language are paired with their translation in the other. We used four graded-relevance data sets from the TREC robust track and the NTCIR CLIR task: some statistics are shown in Table 1. N and R denote the number of judged nonrelevant and relevant documents. Their correct translation therefore is crucial for good performance of machine translation MT and cross-language information retrieval CLIR systems. This can be attributed to the presence of compounds  , which leads to higher rates of OOV compound For patent search in compounding languages  , the CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than for other language pairs 3  , 7 . In this paper  , we propose to use CLQS as an alternative to query translation  , and test its effectiveness in CLIR tasks. This also shows the strong correspondence between the input French queries and English queries in the log. For each English word a precise equivalent was given. As a result  , many nonrelevant documents are ranked high. Levow and Oard  , 1999 studied the impact of lexicon coverage on CLIR performance. In our experiments  , we used SYSTRAN version 3.0 http://www.systransoft.com for query and document translation. Extending this to CLIR is straightforward given a multilingual thesaurus. Selected English Phrases: therapy  , replacement Final English Query: causation  , cancer  , thorax  , estrogens   , therapy  , replacement Since we have follow up refinement steps in our CLIR approach  , we set M  , the number of concepts identified for each query  , to 15. Their concern was evaluated on a whole query  , whereas we think every single term has its own impact on CLIR performance. We denote tj as the corresponding translation of si in target language. As linguistic  , statistical and CLIR features are complementary  , we use all of the features in the following experiments. Based on the pre-trained model  , we'd like to test if we can improve the CLIR performance with 4 different translation strategies. Each strategy generates its own tj given source term si. " Context features are useful for predicting translation quality. In brief sum  , " to-translate-or-not-to-translate " is influenced by various and complicated causes. How to efficiently translate unknown terms in short queries has  , therefore  , become a major challenge for real CLIR systems 4 ,7. This section presents two methods of combining dictionary and spelling evidence in the framework given by Eq. Use of the alignments for CLIR gives excellent results  , proving their value for realworld applications. However  , the degrees of improvement are not similar for all the query sets. CLIR is concerned with the problem of a user formulating a query in one language in order to retrieve documents in several other languages. The proposed CLIR system manages a collection of documents containing multilingual information as well as user queries that may be performed in any language supported by the system. The CLIR system has been evaluated by adopting three different configurations and the results have been compared with the gold standard  , according to the metrics described above. This paper explores flat and hierarchical PBMT systems for query translation in CLIR. The lower similarity between CVMR and CVMF M can be explained by training data Table 3: Test results for combined CLIR models see Table 2. Some dictionary-based and corpus-based methods perform almost as well as monolingual retrieval 7  , 8  , 9. Future research includes collecting more interview data and developing a thesaurus of English terms used in CLIR to enhance traditional or monolingual controlled vocabularies. There are three broad types of CLIR systems: those based on query translation  , those based on document translation  , and those that use some aspects of both 15. Our tests in TREC8 showed that using Web documents to train a probabilistic model is a reasonable approach. We evaluated three multilingual data merging methods to obtain a single ranked list for the purpose of TREC-8 CLIR track submission. In distinction from the earlier TREC-5/6 Chinese corpus  , these sources were written in the traditional Chinese character set and encoded in BIG5. In addition to the specific results reported by each research team  , the evaluation produced the first large Arabic information retrieval test collection. Finding a good monolingual IR method is a prerequisite for CLIR. The MAP were cross-language runs  , not monolingual runs. It can reduce translation error by 45% over automatic translation bringing CLIR performance up from 42% to 68% of monolingual performance. This is still well below a monolingual baseline  , but irnprovedphrasrd translations should help to narrow the gap. This amounts to no sense disambiguation for query words. As indicated in Table 1Figure 1: Comparison of CLIR performance on homogeneous datasets using both short and long queries. The second approach is to project document vectors from one language into another using cross-language information retrieval CLIR techniques. When we embarked on this line of research  , we did not find any publications addressing the area of Cross-Lingual Text Categorization as such. In CLIR  , we need a relevance model for both the source language and the target language. The second can be obtained using either a parallel corpus or a bi-lingual lexicon giving translation probabilities. In CLTC  , for performing translations we shall have to use similar linguistic resources as in CLIR. Since our resources are less than ideal  , should we compensate by implementing pre-and post-expansion ? Finally  , we combined the various transitive runs to determine whether triangulated retrieval is useful in the absence of translation resources. The corpora consisted of comparable news articles in Hindi  , Bengali  , and Marathi collected during 2004 to 2007. Our paired T-test results indicate that our retrieval scores are statistically significant. But combining these sources would presumably improve effectiveness of CTIR  , much as evidence combination has aided CLIR 25. More specifically  , the problem is considered solved if high-quality training resources parallel text  , online dictionaries  , multi-lingual thesauri  , etc. Challenges for domainspecific CLIR  , in particular the problem of distinguishing domainspecific meanings  , have been noted in 12. more likely to be a person or entity vs. medical domain documents more likely to be a chemical. Section 4 discusses our CLIR approaches. Note that all the documents in a typical CLIR setup are assumed to be written in the corresponding native scripts. The commercial versions of the dictionaries were converted automatically to CLIR versions by removing from them all other material except for actual dictionary words. For these reasons  , a special dictionary alleviates the translation polysemy problem  , in which the translation of one source language word to many target language words causes fuzziness in CLIR queries. Future research should concentrate on finding methods by which the performance of CLIR queries could be improved further. Still another method that would be worth studying is data fusion; different translation methods produce different result lists. There are two main scenarios where the user input could be incorporated into the system to enhance multilingual information retrieval: 1. Section 6 compares CLIR performance of our system with monolingual IR performance. We proposed and evaluated a probabilistic CLIR retrieval system. To our knowledge  , this is the first systematic comparison of those models on the task of English to Chinese CLIR on gold test sets. The following three runs were performed in our Chinese to English CLIR experiments: 1. Kraaij 8 showed successful use of the widely used BableFish 6 translation service based on Systran. Without any English OOV terms  , our translated queries achieved 86.7% of the monolingual result. In order to assess the value of what we have done  , we tested the usefulness of the newly derived dictionaries on a medical document collection. They use probabilities derived from the target language corpus to choose one transliteration  , reporting improved CLIR results  , similar to ours. This work evaluated a number of search strategies for the retrieval of Arabic documents  , using the TREC Arabic corpus as the test bed. Example-based method can provide very good translation results but the similarity computation between sentences is quite complex. Hull & Grefenstette 10 demonstrated that the retrieval performance of queries produced using manual phrase translation was significantly better than that of queries produced by simple word-forword  dictionary-based translation. No tools such as part of speech taggers  , stemmers and separate corpora are involved. Though these works have brought significant improvement in translation accuracy  , they eventually tried to translate as many terms as possible  , which we believe is not always an effective approach in CLIR. Particularly  , they incorporate dictionaries   , bilingual corpora  , or the Web to estimate the probability of translation ptj|si  , Qs. Usage of correct translations shall help reveal the necessity of translation. The basic formulae are a straightforward generalization of Darwish's PSQ technique with one important difference: no translation direction is specified. An important reason for this is that there is an implicit query expansion effect during translation because related words/phrases may be added. This indicates that the coverage of the dictionary is still an important problem to be solved to improve the performance of CLIR. We will extensively use this property during the construction of our MoIR and CLIR models. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 6. Besides the well-known Precision and Recall measure  , other metrics are widely used in the IR community. We expect similar improvements on CLIR  , and this will be confirmed by our experiments. This expansion task is very similar to the translation selection in CLIR. This section tries to point out similarities and differences of the presented approach with respect to other statistical IR models presented in the literature. Already  , the current results indicate that an automatically constructed parallel corpus may be a reasonable resource for CLIR. In this paper  , we investigated the possibility of replacing MT with a probabilistic model for CLIR. The numbers in table 1 show that the CLIR approach in general outperforms our baseline. In this paper  , decompounding German words is realized by an approach which has been employed in domain-specific CLIR 2. The decompounding is based on selecting the decomposition with the smallest number of words and the highest decomposition probability . 2 It is helpful for CLIR since it can extract semantically relevant queries in target language. One advantage of the proposed method is that it can extract relevant translations to benefit CLIR. Typically  , queries are translated either using a bilingual dictionary 22  , a machine translation software 9 or a parallel corpus 20. Even if this point of view is not original  , neither for IR 1 nor for CLIR Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. We sought to answer three questions: 1 what is the best that can be done using freely available resources; 2 how w ell does Pirkola's method for accommodating multiple candidate translations work on the TREC CLIR collection; and 3 would building a single index be more eeective than building separate indices for each language ? McCarley 28 trained a statistical MT system from a parallel corpus  , applied it to perform QT and DT  , and showed that the combination of scores from QT and DT drastically improved either method alone. Other specific works on CLIR within the multilingual semantic web may be found in 17 and 18   , while a complete overview of the ongoing research on CLIR is available at the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum CLEF 3   , one of the major references concerning the evaluation of multilingual information access systems. The assumption behind such mechanism is that queries are consistently used in one language. Only Translations: query terms are translated into the reference language used for retrieving documents. Since the evaluation of the Organic . Lingua CLIR system is based on the methodology introduced by CLEF 21 ,22  , the same metrics will be used for evaluating the described system. The question of how well the findings apply to a range of different collections remains open; however  , the fact that AP and SDA are quite dissimilar gives hope that a lot of data can be aligned. Translation polysemy is a phenomenon   , in which the number of word senses increases when a source language word is translated to a target language by replacing it with all of its target language equivalents. Ballesteros and Croft 1997 studied the effect of corpus-based query expansion on CLIR performance  , and found that expansion helped to counteract the negative effects of translation failures. Thus  , in unstructured CLIR queries unimportant search keys and irrelevant translation equivalents tend to dominate and depress the effect of important keys. Note how the term o~feoporosis has relatively more weight in the structured queries. Through our experiments  , we showed that each of the above methods leads to some improvement  , and that the combined approach significantly improves CLIR performance. In other words  , given the rank order produced through the use of one translation  , what would be the effect of treating the other word as part of the same cluster ? Thus  , a monolingual retrieval engine does not need to be altered after translating queries into the target language. where f w ,k ∈ R denotes the score for the k-th inter-lingual feature associated with w within the dim-dimensional shared inter-lingual embedding space. For EN→DE  , MAP is even slightly higher  , due to hyphenated compounds in the German translation of recovered topics  , i.e. To investigate the scientific knowledge inherent in patent retrieval  , we also used the NTCIR-3 CLIR test collection consisting of two years of newspaper articles  , and compared the results obtained with different genres of documents. Finally  , CLIR can be achieved by using the described document placement methods to place documents of different languages in the same map. While languages like Chinese and Japanese use multiple scripts 24  , they may not illustrate the true complexity of the MSIR scenario envisaged here because there are standard rules and preferences for script usage and well defined spellings rules. 10 used CLIR followed by MT to find domain-specific articles in a resource-rich language  , in order to use them for language modeling in a resource-poor language. This calculation results in a matrix of term-term associations  , which we use for query translation in the same manner as the matrix of translation probabilities in WM1. In this paper  , we return to first principles to derive an approach to CLIR that is motivated by cross-language meaning matching. For example  , to find documentlangauge synonyms  , we computed: Because statistical wordto-word translation models were available for use in our CLIR experiments  , we elected to find candidate synonyms by looking for words in the same language that were linked by a common translation. Model 4 seeks to achieve better alignments by modeling systematic position variations; that is an expensive step not commonly done for CLIR experiments . Figure 3shows the MAP of the top five official monolingual French runs from CLEF 2001. In addition  , the baseline PSQ technique exhibited the same decline in MAP near the tail of the translation probability distribution i.e. The latter finding suggests the necessity of combining bidirectional translation with synonymy knowledge. For the experiments reported below  , a greedy method was used  , with replacements retained in order of decreasing probability until a preset threshold on the cumulative probability was first exceeded. Even with a higher baseline of monolingual with expansion  , combining the CO method with expansion can still yield up to 88% of monolingual performance . Cross language information retrieval CLIR is often based on using a bilingual translation dictionary to translate queries from a source language to the target language in which the documents to be retrieved are written e.g. These solutions  , and others  , such as considering CLIR as spell- correction 2  , will all work reasonably well if the two languages in question are linguistically historically related and possess many cognates. We have been experimenting with a method for automatically creating candidate Japanese transliterated versions of English words. Our baseline bilingual CLIR lexicon is based on EDICT 4   , a widely used Japanese-to-English wordlist that contains a list of Japanese words and their English translations. However the issue is more difficult in Chinese as many characters have the same sound  , and many English syllables do not have equivalent sounds in Chinese  , meaning that selecting the correct characters to represent a transliterated word can be problematic. As shown in Table 2  , the extracted top translations are closely related to the source query  , even though sometimes they are not the translation equivalent of the source query. Therefore  , if a candidate for CLQS appears often in the query log  , then it is more likely the appropriate one to be suggested. Despite the various types of resources used  , out-of-vocabulary OOV words and translation disambiguation are the two major bottlenecks for CLIR 20. To overcome this knowledge bottleneck  , web mining has been exploited in 7  , 27  to acquire English- Chinese term translations based on the observation that Chinese terms may co-occur with their English translations in the same web page. The improvement on TREC French to English CLIR task by using CLQS demonstrates the high quality of the suggested queries. This  , however  , does not compromise our results since our experiments are aimed at comparing the performance of two different CLIR methods and not at comparing different search engine architectures. Moreover  , the search engine we employ is more in line with current clinical and Web retrieval engines and the requirements they have to fulfill. Various translation methodologies such as phrasal translation or sense disambiguation have brought significant improvements in CLIR. Translations with non-negative LRT D are regarded having good translation quality  , as they perform as well as or better than correct translation in the benchmarks. Documents of a comparable collection may be aligned at the document  , sentence or even word level. As reported in 24  , another interesting angle in the CLIR track is the approach taken by Cornell University wherein they exploit the fact that there are many similar looking words between French and English   , i.e. On the CLIR task  , due to the nature of the evaluation metric  , the computation time for MAP  , DO and HSA  , while being different for each metric  , is equal across the different model configurations. The issue of CLIR has also been explored in the cultural heritage domain. The question answering task in the interactive track of the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum iCLEF is an example of that more comprehensive perspective 8 . Our work involved two aspects: Finding good methods for Chinese IR  , and finding effective translation means between English and Chinese. We reused the same corpus-based methods that we utilized last year with considerable success  , while experimenting with using a number of off-the-shelf machine translation products.  The Salmone Arabic-to-English dictionary  , which was made available for use in the TREC-CLIR track by Tufts University. The first experiment CLARITdmwf used preretrieval data merging  , i.e. The goal of the track is to facilitate research on systems that are able to retrieve relevant documents regardless of the language a document happens to be written in. There was some concern over the test collection built in the TREC 2001 CLIR track in that the judgment pools were not as complete as they ideally would be. This presents a number of challenges  , primarily the problem of translation. Ballesteros 3 researched a transitive scheme and techniques to overcome word ambiguity. The availability of test collection and translation resources was the overriding factor determining our choice of languages. Examination of it suggested that the best choice of query language was German  , as its vocabulary coverage in EuroWordNet was reasonable. Thus  , the collection used for this investigation was the English corpus from the TREC8 CLIR Track and the 28 German and English queries from the same track for which relevance judgements are available. In this paper  , we investigate several approaches to translate an IR query into a different language. However  , when a query is truly ambiguous and multiple possible translations need to be considered  , a translation based CLIR approach can perform poorly. Because of the first point  , the rarity of electronic sources for translation  , investigators may be drawn to use the resources most readily available to them  , rather than those best suited for bilingual retrieval. In order to differentiate the source language from the target language  , a superscript s is used for any variable related to the source language and a superscript t is used for any variable related to the target language. All three were formed from the UN parallel corpus and the Buckwalter lexicon using the same procedure described in Section 3. Although their impact on CLIR performance is small  , spelling normalization and stemming are still useful because they reduce the need for memory because there are fewer entries in the lexicon and they improve the retrieval speed by simplifying the score computation. In CEMT-based method  , we use a CEMT system named TransEasy 4 to translate the queries into English. We use a probabilistic cross-lingual retrieval system  , whose theoretical basis is probabilistic generation of a query in one language from a document in another. For TREC-9  , the CLIR task used Chinese documents from Hong Kong. Once we had a dictionary in a suitable format  , we used it with our existing Dictionary-based Query Translation DQT routines to translate the query from English into the language of one of the four language-speciic CLIR subcollections no translation was needed for the English subcollection. The first three of them are automatic query translation run  , using our word segmentation approach for indexing  , while the monolingual run we submit uses n-gram based segmentation. As an alternative  , we also explored three ways of incorporating translation probabilities directly into the formulae: 1. Experimental evaluation of the CLIR model were performed on the Italian-to-English bilingual track data used in the CLEF 2000 C0 and CLEF 2001 C1 evaluations. In order to create broadly useful systems that are computationally tractable  , it is common in information retrieval generally  , and in CLIR in particular  , to treat terms independently . The key insight between what we call meaning matching is to apply that same perspective directly to CLIR. Figure 4 shows the relative English-French CLIR effectiveness as compared to the monolingual French baseline. However  , in both cases  , the best DAMM was statistically indistinguishable from the best IMM. There are other variants of cross-language meaning matching  , depending on translation in which direction is used and synonymy knowledge in which language is used. But for unrelated languages  , such as English and Japanese  , a word missing from the dictionary has little chance of matching any pertinent string in the other language text. Despite promising experimental results with each of these approaches   , the main hurdle to improved CLIR effectiveness is resolving ambiguity associated with translation. However  , CLIR is a difficult problem to solve on the basis of MT alone: queries that users typically enter into a retrieval system are rarely complete sentences and provide little context for sense disambiguation. In particular  , if the user intends to perform CLIR  , then original query is even more likely to have its correspondent included in the target language query log. Our experiments showed that the decaying co-occurrence model performs better than the standard co-occurrence model  , and brings significant improvements over the simple dictionary approaches in CLIR. The translation resource was EuroWordNet  , a multilingual thesaurus consisting of WordNets for various European languages including those used in TREC CLIR queries 20. However  , the relatively poor performance of the translation component of our test CLIR system was not a major concern to us  , as it remained a constant throughout our experiments. Such a study will help identify good candidate pivot languages. When compared with previous results we see that Spanish CLIR using the Metathesaurus for query translation is on the high end of the performance range of 50- 75% of baseline scores observed with approaches based on dictionaries with or without information extracted from corpora 12  , 3  , 7  , 14. Yet 10  focused merely on evaluating the performance of a whole query and did not give insight into the effect of translation for each query term. The focus of previous works1  , 4 did key-term selection in the mono-lingual environment; however  , our discovery of various causes such as pre-and post-translation query expansion would influence the preference of translation in CLIR. Finally   , a larger R 2 can be achieved by including more features for training. InQuery's synonym operator was originally designed to support monolingual thesaurus expansion  , so it estimates TF and DF as follows 11 Pirkola appears to have been the first to try separately estimating TF and DF for query terms in a CLIR application 13  , using the InQuery synonym operator to implement what he called " structured queries. " In general  , language modeling approaches to retrieval rely on collection frequency CF in place of DF: Corpus-based approaches to CLIR have generally developed within a framework based on language modeling rather than vector space models  , at least in part because modern statistical translation frameworks offer a natural way of integrating translation and language models 19. Inclusion of rare translations in a CLIR application was shown to be problematic for all three methods  , however. Use of only the most likely of those translations turned out to be an effective expedient  , but only when an appropriate threshold on cumulative probability was selected. The combination of our approach with the MT system leads to a high effectiveness of 105% of that of monolingual IR. Experience has shown that several factors make it hard to obtain statistically significant results in CLIR evaluations . The goal of cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR is to find documents in one language for queries in another language. Therefore  , we cannot draw a firm conclusion about the retrieval advantage of probabilistic CLIR without further study. Figure  1shows the results. For retrieving newspaper articles  , we used <DESCRIPTION> and a combination of <DESCRIPTION> and <NARRATIVE>  , extracted from all 42 topics in the NTCIR-3 CLIR collection. While NEs have been worked on extensively in IR and CLIR  , transliterated queries where the text  , in addition to NE  , is represented in the script of another language  , typically English  , have not received adequate attention. Experiments on the TREC-5/6 English-Chinese CLIR task show that our new approach yields promising although not statistically significant improvements over that baseline. In future work we plan to try this approach for document translation where we would expect greater benefit from context  , although with higher computational cost  , at least in experimental settings. This task is similar to cross-language information retrieval CLIR  , and so we will refer to it as cross-temporal retrieval CTIR. On the other hand  , there is a rich literature addressing the related problem of Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval CLIR. Two approaches can be distinguished: 1. translation-based systems either translate queries into the document language or languages  , or they translate documents into the query language 2. In this case  , the alignments help overcome the problem of different RSV scales. Results for the strategies just described on the TREC-6 CLIR collection are presented in the following: Figure 2shows a comparison of using alignments alone  , using a dictionary pseudo-translation and then using both methods combined  , i.e. doing initial retrieval using a dictionary translation  , and then improving this translation using the alignments  , as outlined above. Some caution is appropriate with regard to the scope of the conclusions because this was the first year with a CLIR task at the TREC conference  , and the size of the query set was rather small. Cross-language retrieval supports the users of multilingual document collections by allowing them to submit queries in one language  , and retrieve documents in any of the languages covered by the retrieval system. Several studies recognized that the problem of translating OOV has a significant impact on the performance of CLIR systems 8 ,9. In the following subsections  , we will present the results obtained with the different configurations adopter for evaluating the proposed CLIR system. Indeed  , in all experiments performed on our document collection  , the usage sole or combined of the two described ontologies outperformed our baseline. The implemented approach has been applied to a document collection built in the context of the Organic. Lingua EU-funded project where documents are domain-specific and where they have been annotated with concepts coming from domain-specific ontologies. We opt for ADD-BASIC as the composition model unless noted otherwise. This provides ground truth to evaluate the effectiveness of the two translation approaches discussed above: machine translation in this case  , we used Google Translate 1  and direct vector projection using the CLIR approach. Thus  , the collections in two languages are converted into a single collection of document vectors in the target language . Thus  , the computation cost of the maximum coherence model is modest for real CLIR practice  , if not overestimated. Intrinsic to the problem is a need to transform the query  , document  , or both  , into a common terminological representation  , using available translation resources. The effectiveness of both corpus and dictionary-based resources was artificially lowered by randomly translating different proportions of query terms  , simulating variability in the coverage of resources. Since the main purpose of these experiments was to examine if the proposed approach can help conventional approaches for CLIR  , we simply used some basic techniques of query expansion and phrase translation in our experiments. The task of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR addresses a situation when a query is posed in one language but the system is expected to return the documents written in another language. The goals of our fellowship are to raise awareness of the need for proper data management and preservation as well as to promote data curation as a professional activity. For CLIR  , the requirements are much less: It only requires the model to provide a list of the most probable translation words without taking into account syntactic aspects. The CLIR experiments on TREC collections show that the decaying co-occurrence method performs better than the basic cooccurrence method  , and the triple translation model brings additional improvements. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 provides a brief description on the related work. As the problem of translation selection in CLIR is similar to this expansion task  , we can expect a similar effect with the decaying factor. Using pivots doubles the number of translations performed in a CLIR system  , therefore  , increasing the likelihood of translation error  , caused mainly by incorrect identification of the senses of ambiguous words. In this paper we describe English-Japanese CLIR experiments using the standard BMIR-J2 Japanese text collection 4. Our approach to CLIR takes advantage of machine translation MT to prepare a source-language query for use in a target-language retrieval task. The success of dictionary-based CLIR depends on the coverage of the dictionary  , tools for conflating morphological variants  , phrase and proper name recognition  , as well as word sense disam- biguation 13 . We consider automatic lexicon acquisition techniques to be a key issue for any sort of dictionary-based efforts in IR  , CLIR in particular . In this paper we present a system for cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR working over the multilingual corpora of European Legislation Acquis Communautaire 1. For what concerns the query-document model  , this is often referred to as language model approach and has been already applied for monolingual IR see the extensive review in 19 and CLIR 5. Our CLIR experiments used the Lucy search engine developed by the Search Engine Group 5 at RMIT University. These terms may help focus on the query topic and bring more translated terms that together are useful for disambiguating the translation. These problems explain why CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than the monolingual runs  , even with the best translation tools of the world. On the other hand  , if we compare the probabilistic translation models with other translations means in particular  , with MT systems  , their performances are very close Nie99. We hope  , however  , that this will encourage these people to participate in the future  , thus increasing the size of the pool. These interfaces provide query translation from the source language into the target languages using bilingual dictionaries . The document collection used in the TREC-2001 CLIR track consisted of 383 ,872 newswire stories that appeared on the Agence France Press AFP Arabic Newswire between 1994 and 2000. The documents were represented in Unicode and encoded in UTF-8  , resulting in a 896 MB collection. The TREC-2001 CLIR track focussed this year on searching Arabic documents using English  , French or Arabic queries. Cross-language Information Retrieval CLIR is the task of finding documents that are written in one language e.g. 2Sakhr's Arabic/English CLIR system is one example an automated technique for converting an unstructured term-to-term translation dictionary into a structured dictionary. It is intuitive that the LM-UNI model will lead to much better results in the monolingual setting  , as the amount of shared words between different languages is typically very limited  , and therefore other representations for CLIR are sought 41 see next. Each of the approaches has shown promise  , but also has disadvantages associated with it. Automatic dictionarytranslationsareattractivebecause they are cost effective and easy to perform  , resources are ily available  , and performance is similar to that of other CLIR methods. Table 13shows the performance of each method as measured by average precision and percentage of monolingual performance  , LCA  , which typically expands queries with muki-term phrases  , is more sensitive to translation effects when pm-translation expansion is performed. Usually it is simpler and more efficient to translate queries than to translate documents because queries are generally much shorter than documents. We shall demonstrate that linguistic units such as NP and dependency triples are beneficial to query translation if they can be detected and used properly. This is consistent with the observations on general reasoning: when more information is available and is used in reasoning  , we usually obtain better results. A comparison between the two approaches will show the advantages and disadvantages of using probabilistic term translation for CLIR. The results show that dialect similarity can also affect retrieval performance. The major difference between MT-based CLIR and our approach is that the former uses one translation per term and the latter uses multiple translations. Therefore in the University of Tampere we have adopted the dictionary-based method for our CLIR studies. The results presented in this paper show that MRD-based CLIR queries perform almost as well as monolingual queries  , if domain specific MRD is used together with general MRD and queries are structured on the basis of the output of dictionaries . It is possible to address automatically the domain specific terms of queries to the correct dictionaries  , because different domains have different terminologies. Therefore  , as the study attacked the translation polysemy and the dictionary coverage problems  , the results are applicable to most languages  , even though phrases can lower the relative performance of CLIR in some languages. So they may help improve CLIR by leveraging the relevant queries frequently used by users. Moreover  , it can extract semantically relevant query translations to benefit CLIR. We are interested in realizing: whether this nice characteristic makes it possible for the bilingual translations of a large number of unknown query terms to be automatically extracted; and whether the extracted bilingual translations if any can effectively improve CLIR performance. The proposed approach was found to be effective in extracting correct translations of unknown query terms contained in the NTCIR-2 title queries and real-world Web queries. A model-based approach usually utilizes the existing statistical machine translation models that were developed by the IBM group 3. Our empirical study with documents from ImageCLEF has shown that this approach is more effective than the translation-based approach that directly applies the online translation system to translate queries. Figure 1shows that if one of the query terms is not translated x-axis  , how the corresponding AP y-axis changes using the correct translations of the rest of terms as a query. Statistical features consistently achieve better R 2 than CLIR features  , which are followed by linguistic features R 2 of linguistic features is the same across different corpora since such properties remain still despite change of languages. For a non-OOV term  , we show that if there exists an effective translation in dictionaries  , it is suggested that translating si would help CLIR performance. Groups such as ETH 15  , and a collaboration between the University of Colorado  , Duke University and Microsoft 21 investigated corpus based methods. Combining the UMLS Metathesaurus with a MEDLINE test database enables an empirical investigation of a high quality multilingual thesaurus as a resource for free-text based CLIR using two broad approaches: document translation and query translation. As anticipated  , performance is still behind dictionary independent methods using parallel corpora lo. We first showcase DO and HSA on two document similarity tasks: prior-art patent search 10 and the cross-language IR CLIR task of finding document translations 4. On the patent retrieval task  , following the experimental setup of 10  , model performance was evaluated using MAP computed over 372 queries and a test collection of 70k patents. However  , specific non-dictionary nouns and proper names often supply key evidence on the relevance of documents with respect to a query. In this case  , the distribution figures suggest that the TRT based fuzzy translation technique is viable in operational CLIR systems  , the noise being acceptable. A novel method for CLIR which exploits the structural similarity among MDS-based monolingual projections of a multilingual collection was proposed. In terms of computation  , the two methods are equally efficient since the joint and marginal probabilities used in computing PMI can be easily derived from the counts of A  , B  , C and D defined in 4.2. Another thread of research has focused on translating multiword expressions in order to deal with ambiguity 2  , 28. For example  , the industry standard leverages state-of-theart statistical machine translation SMT to translate the query into the target language  , in which standard retrieval is performed 4 . Various publications have investigated different methods of system combination for CLIR  , including logical operations on retrieved sets 3   , voting procedures based on retrieval scores 1  , or machine learning techniques that learn combination weights directly from relevance rankings 14. We evaluated our approach on the English-Chinese CLIR task of TREC-5/6: although we did not observe significant improvements  , we feel that this approach is nevertheless promising. Current methods of solving this problem have difficulty in tuning parameters and handling terms that are not registered in a dictionary  , when applied to large-scale and/or distributed digital libraries. Cross-language information retrieval CLIR has emerged as an important research area since the amount of multilingual web resources is increasing rapidly. Such records are also found in the Mainichi newspaper collection but they are excluded from the NTCIR-3 CLIR-J-J evaluation. Despite such biases  , the MEDLINE collection seems to close to the Japanese newspaper collections see Table  5 rather than the Patent collections. The discussed approach uses domain-specific ontologies for increasing the effectiveness of already-available machine translation services like Microsoft Bing 1 and Google Translate 2  by expanding the queries with concepts coming from the ontologies. In this paper we consider a specific bi-language DL—the Niupepa 1 collection—and examine how the default language setting of the DL interface affects usage. Results and performances of different models and combinations are described in The proposed two-stages model using comparable corpora '4' showed a better improvement in average precision compared to '3'  , the simple model one stage and approached the performance of the dictionary-based model '2' with 79.02%. Because statistical wordto-word translation models were available for use in our CLIR experiments  , we elected to find candidate synonyms by looking for words in the same language that were linked by a common translation. The importance of the technique and the study lies in it introduces a novel and effective way of using statistical translation knowledge for searching information across language boundaries. Based on the above consideration  , we apply example-based query phrase translation in our Chinese-English CLIR system  , and the experiments achieve good results. Regarding translation resources for CLIR  , we believe that two points are widely agreed upon:  resources are scarce and difficult to use; and  resources with greater lexical coverage are preferable. Ballesteros and Croft explored query expansion methods for CLIR and reported " combining pre-and post-translation expansion is most effective and improves precision and recall. " Their results showed that the effectiveness of cross-language retrieval was almost the same as that of monolingual retrieval. They found that posttranslation query expansion  , i.e. Our CLIR method uses an off-the-shelf IR system for indexing and retrieving the documents. This makes the results directly comparable to the ones reported by participants of the TREC-6 CLIR task. A variety of research has also examined the multilingual mapping of different knowledge organization systems such as thesauri or subject headings in order to support CLIR in multilingual library collections. In TREC-9  , Microsoft Research China MSRCN  , together with Prof. Jian-Yun Nie from University of Montreal  , participated for the first time in the English- Chinese Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR track. In section 3  , we describe in detail the proposed method --improved lexicon-based query term translation  , and compare with the method using a machine translation MT system in CLIR. For the Cross-Lingual Arabic Information retrieval  , our automatic effort concentrated on the two categories; English-Arabic Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR and monolingual information retrieval. We plan to use 50 new topics in the same languages and to ask participating teams to also rerun the 25 topics from this year with their improved systems as a way of further enriching the existing pools of documents that have been judged for relevance. While the libraries are focusing on the customization of existing tools  , such as the The CLIR/DLF fellow at Indiana University has been placed within the D2I Center as a liaison to the libraries. One of the projects that build upon the library-D2I partnership is the NSFfunded DataNet project  , called Sustainable Environment- Actionable Data SEAD. We have looked in detail at the OOV problem as it applies to Chinese-English and English-Chinese CLIR. The tracks consist of 33 and 47 topics  , respectively  , which are provided both in extended Title+Description+Narrative and synthetic Title+Description forms. We implemented this by starting with the most likely translation and adding additional translations in order of decreasing probability until the cumulative probability of the selected translations reached a preset threshold that was determined through experimentation using the TREC-2001 CLIR collection. Last year  , in TREC7  , we compared three possible approaches to CLIR for French and English  , namely  , the approach based on a bilingual dictionary  , the approach based on a machine translation MT system  , and the approach based on a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts. We adopted MT-based query translation as our way of bridging the language gap between the source language SL and the target language TL. Using these measures  , PRF appears beneficial in most CLIR experiments  , as using PRF seems to consistently produce higher average precision than baseline systems. In this paper  , we will describe the construction of a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts and its use in CLIR. For this  , a parallel corpus of lower quality still can provide reasonably good query translations. This paper proposed two statistical models for dealing with the problem of query translation ambiguity. Our work strongly suggests that a lexical triangulation approach to transitive translation can have a beneficial effect on retrieval. A non-technical issue of use of pivots that must be examined is a study of existing translation resources to determine the range of resources available to researchers and users of CLIR systems. Our results suggest that FMT can perform substantially better than DTL methods and is generally robust to a lack of linguistic structure in queries. Pirkola appears to have been the first to try separately estimating TF and DF for query terms in a CLIR application 13  , using the InQuery synonym operator to implement what he called " structured queries. " The paper then concludes with some notes on limitations of the new techniques and opportunities for future work on this problem. Two teams from the University of Massachusetts 9 and the University of Maryland 2 tried variants of this approach for Text Retrieval Conference's CLIR track in 2002. Therefore  , as with CLIR  , WTF/DF is clearly the preferred technique in this application. C3 We construct a novel unified framework for ad-hoc monolingual MoIR and cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR which relies on the induced word embeddings and constructed query and document embeddings. end  , we rely on two key modeling assumptions: 1 We treat documents and queries as bags of words and do not impose any syntactic information to the document structure. In summary  , we have created a unified framework for MoIR and CLIR which relies solely on word embeddings induced in an unsupervised fashion from document-aligned comparable data. We address this problem by discriminative training techniques which are widely used in the SMT community  , and use automatically constructed relevance judgments from linked data. The main problems observed are: 1 the dictionary may have a poor coverage; and 2 it is difficult to select the correct translation of a word among all the translations provided by the dictionary. We first carried out a set of preliminary experiments to investigate the impact of lexicon sources  , phrase  , and ambiguity on query translation. The bad effectiveness in these cases is not due to translation  , but to the high difficulty of query topics. One common approach  , known as "query translation ," is to translate each query term and then perform monolingnal retrieval in the language of the document 11. The aim of cross-language information retrieval CLIR is to use a query in one language to search a corpus in a different language. To understand the fingerprinting analogy  , imagine the documents of one language stacked on a pile  , next to a pile that has the translations in the same order as the original. Suppose we are interested in using the projections of figure 1 for performing CLIR of new documents  , any of the three monolingual maps can be actually used for the retrieval task. Although MSIR has attained very little attention explicitly   , many tangentially related problems like CLIR and transliteration for IR do discuss some of the issues of MSIR. The results show that this new " translation " method is more effective than the traditional query translation method. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 introduces the related work; Section 3 describes in detail the discriminative model for estimating cross-lingual query similarity; Section 4 presents a new CLIR approach using cross-lingual query suggestion as a bridge across language boundaries. The new CLIR performance in terms of average precision is shown in Table 3. Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. The term "Genetic Programming" was first introduced by Koza 12 and it enables a computer to do useful things by automatic programming. However  , whether the balance can be achieved by genetic programming used by GenProg has still been unknown so far. The problems all shared a common set of primitives. GGGP is an extension of genetic programming. The core of this engine is a machine learning technique called Genetic Programming GP. Given a problem  , the basic idea behind genetic programming 18 is to generate increasingly better solutions of the given problem by applying a number of genetic operators to the current population . Compared to random search  , genetic programming used by GenProg can be regard as efficient only when the benefit in terms of early finding a valid patches with fewer number of patch trials  , brought by genetic programming  , has the ability of balancing the cost of fitness evaluations  , caused by genetic programming itself. Communication fitness for controller of Figure  93503 for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. In Section 2  , we provide background information on term-weighting components and genetic programming. l   , who used genetic programming to evolve control programs for modular robots consisting of sliding-style modules 2  , 81. al. Several program repair approaches assume the existence of program specification. First  , the initial population is generated  , and then genetic operators  , such as Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. One of the key problems of genetic programming is that it is a nondeterministic procedure. These primitives were d e signed to aid genetic programming in finding a solution and either encapsulated problem specific information or low-level information that was thought to be helpful for obtaining a solution. In this paper  , however  , we plan to further investigate whether genetic programming used by GenProg has the better performance over random search  , when the actual evolutionary search has started to work. Determining which information to add was the result of parallel attempts to examine the unsuccessful results produced by the genetic programming and attempts to hand code problem solutions. We defer discussing the possible reason to Section 6. In this paper  , we try to investigate the two questions via the performance comparison between genetic programming and random search. One novel part of our work is that we use a Genetic Programming GP based technique called ARRANGER Automatic geneRation of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming to discover ranking functions automatically Fan 2003a. Ranking functions usually could not work consistently well under all situations. We compared EAGLE with its batch learning counterpart. Other researchers used classifier systems 17  or genetic programming paradigm 3  to approach the path planning problem. RQ2 is designed to answer the question. proposed GenProg  , an automatic patch generation technique based on genetic programming. In Section 3  , we present our Combined Component Approach for similarity calculation. Individuals in the new generation are produced based on those in the current one. 19  select ranking functions using genetic programming   , maximizing the average precision on the training data. GP maintains a population of individual programs. Individuals in a new generation are produced based on those in the previous one. The entity resolution ER problem see 14 ,3  for surveys shares many similarities with link discovery. An individual represents a tentative solution for the target problem. We are not surprised for this experimental results. 17  propose matching ads with a function generated by learning the impact of individual features using genetic programming. This approach randomly mutates buggy programs to generate several program variants that are possible patch candidates. The 'Initial Repair' heading reports timing information for the genetic programming phase and does not include the time for repair minimization. for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. collision avoidance as well as helping achieve the overall task. 7  proposed a new approach to automatically generate term weighting strategies for different contexts  , based on genetic programming GP. Interested readers can reference that paper or  The details of our system and methodology for Genetic Programming GP are discussed in our Robust track paper. Generate an initial population of random compositions of the functions and terminals of the problem solutions. GP is expansion of GA in order to treat structural representation. As our time and human resources were limited for taking two tasks simultaneously  , in this task we only concentrate on testing our ranking function discovery technique  , ARRANGER Automatic Rendering of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming Fan 2003a  , Fan 2003b  , which uses Genetic Programming GP to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for various information needs. Given the problem  , RQ1 asks whether genetic programming used by GenProg works well to benefit the generation of valid patches. Although promising results have been shown in their work  , the problem of whether the promising results are caused by genetic programming or just because the used mutation operations are very effective is still not be addressed. Genetic Programming GP 14 is a Machine Learning ML technique that helps finding good answers to a given problem where the search space is very large and when there is more than one objective to be accomplished. Also  , the work in 24  applies Genetic Programming to learn ranking functions that select the most appropriate ads. The experimental results show that the matching function outperforms the best method in 21 in finding relevant ads. We also compared our method with genetic programming based repair techniques. Genetic programming approaches support more complex repairs but rely on heuristics and hence lack these important properties. In Genetic Programming  , a large number of individuals  , called a population  , are maintained at each generation. Genetic Programming searches for the " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. Our first approach extends a state-of-the-art tag recommender based on Genetic Programming to include novelty and diversity metrics both as attributes and in the objective function 1. Genetic Programming searches for an " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. Koza applied GP Genetic Programming to automatic acquisition of subsum tion architecture to perform wall-following behavior  ?2. Given that genetic programming is non-deterministic  , all results presented below are the means of 5 runs. Each experiment was ran on a single thread of a server running JDK1.7 on Ubuntu 10.0.4 and was allocated maximally 2GB of RAM. We also employed GenProg to repair the bugs in Coreutils. Learning approaches based on genetic programming have been most frequently used to learn link specifications 5 ,15 ,17. In addition  , it usually requires a large training data set to detect accurate solutions. Another genetic programming-based approach to link discovery is implemented in the SILK framework 15. Genetic ProgrammingGP is the method of learning and inference using this tree-based representation". Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , overtraining is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. Finally  , we applied data mining DM techniques based on grammar-guided genetic programming GGGP to create reference models useful for defining population groups. The average time required by SEMFIX for each repair is less than 100 seconds. This confirms that if the repair expression does not exist in other places of the program  , genetic programming based approaches have rather low chance of synthesizing the repair. There has also been work on synthesizing programs that meet a given specification. These functions are discovered using genetic programming GP and a state-of-the-art classifier optimumpath forest OPF 3  , 4. We use genetic programming to evolve program variants until one is found that both retains required functionality and also avoids the defect in question. A framework for tackling this problem based on Genetic Programming has been proposed and tested. In this paper we presented EAGLE  , an active learning approach for genetic programming that can learn highly accurate link specifications. The following experiments were run by connecting FX- PAL'S genetic programming system to a modular robot simulator  , built by J. Kubica and S. Vassilvitskii. Active learning approaches based on genetic programming adopt a comitteebased setting to active learning. As the planning motion  , we give this system vertical movement and one step walk. Sims studied on co-evolution of motion controller and morphology of rirtual creatures 3. All the experiments were conducted on a Core 2 Quad 2.83GHz CPU  , 3GB memory computer with Ubuntu 10.04 OS. The classifier uses these similarity functions to decide whether or not citations belong to a same author. To this purpose we have proposed randomized procedures based on genetic programming or simulated annealing 8  , 9. Subsequently  , we give some insight in active learning and then present the active learning model that underlies our work. GP is a machine learning technique inspired by biological evolution to find solutions optimized for certain problem characteristics. The main inconvenient of this approach is that it is not deterministic. Using an error situation obtained with the sampled parameters  , a fitness unction based on the allowed recovery criteria can be defined. We used strongly typed genetic programming The specific primitives added for each problem are discussed with setup of the the initial population  , results of crossover and mutation  , and subtrees created during mutation respectively . The three most common and most important methods are: Genetic programming applies a number of different possible conditions to the best solutions to create the next generation of solutions. The goal of grammarguided genetic programming is to solve the closure problem 7. External validity is concerned with generalization. Other approaches based on genetic programming e.g. Although they also used genetic programming  , their evaluation was limited to small programs such as bubble sorting and triangle classification  , while our evaluation includes real bugs in open source software. The 'Time' column reports the wall-clock average time required for a trial that produced a primary repair. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , over-training is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. With this system  , we simulate motion generation hierarchically for six legged locomotion robot using Genetic Programming. Here  , the mappings are discovered by using a genetic programming approach whose fitness function is set to a PFM. Supervised batch learning approaches for learning such classifiers must rely on large amounts of labeled data to achieve a high accuracy. This paper has reported our initial experiments aimed at investigating whether evolutionary programming  , and genetic programming in particular can evolve multiple robot controllers that utilise communication to improve their ability to collectively perform a task. Answer for RQ1: In our experiment  , for most programs 23/24  , random search used by RSRepair performs better in terms of requiring fewer patch trials to search a valid patch than genetic programming used by GenProg  , regardless of whether genetic programming really starts to work see Figure 1 or not. For the representation problem  , GenProg represents each candidate patch as the Abstract Syntax Tree AST of the patched program. They doubted that the promising results may not be brought by genetic programming used by GenProg  , because the patch search problem can be easy when random search would have likely yielded similar results. With the hypothesis that some missed important functionalities may occur in another position in the same program  , GenProg attempts to automatically repair defective program with genetic programming 38. Then  , in this subsection we plan to investigate to what extent genetic programming used by GenProg worsens the repair efficiency over random search used by RSRepair. " Genetic programming GP is a computational method inspired by biological evolution  , which discovers computer programs tailored to a particular task 19. Our classification approach combines a genetic programming GP framework  , which is used to define suitable reference similarity functions   , with the Optimum-Path Forest OPF classifier  , a graph-based approach that uses GP-based edge weights to assign input references to the correct authors. As we can see  , Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space. To give proper answers for these questions  , we propose a new approach to content-targeted advertising based on Genetic Programming GP. We show how the discovery of link specifications can consequently be modeled as a genetic programming problem. sKDD transforms the original numerical temporal sequences into symbolic sequences  , defines a symbolic isokinetics distance SID that can be used to compare symbolic isokinetics sequences   , and provides a method  , SYRMO  , for creating symbolic isokinetics reference models using grammar-guided genetic programming. We developed a genetic programming approach to finding consensus structural motifs in a set of RNA sequences known to be functionally related. Both GenProg and Par use the same fault localization technique to locate faulty statements  , and genetic programming to guide the patch search  , but differ in the concrete mutation operations. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 18. Their approach relies on formal specifications  , which our approach does not require. Recent work has addressed this drawback by relying on active learning  , which was shown in 15 to reduce the amount of labeled data needed for learning link specifications. For example   , the approach presented in 5 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. In this paper we have introduced a new approach based on the combination of term weighting components  , extracted from well-known information retrieval ranking formulas  , using genetic programming. Genetic Programming has been widely used and approved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management. Genetic Programming shows its sharp edge in solving such kind of problems  , since its internal tree structure representation for " individuals " can be perfectly used for describing ranking functions. Section 2 of the paper gives an overview of the I4 Intelligent Interpretation of Isokinetics Information system  , of which this research is part. A follow-up work 13 proposes a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function. Guided by genetic programming  , GenProg has the ability to repair programs without any specification  , and GenProg is commonly considered to open a new research area of general automated program repair 26  , 20  , although there also exists earlier e.g. Construct validity threats concern the appropriateness of the evaluation measurement. GP makes it possible to solve complex problems for which conventional methods can not find an answer easily. In a follow-up work 7 the authors propose a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function.   , but none of these strategies reaches the level of applicability and the speed of execution of random testing. Our technique takes as input a program  , a set of successful positive testcases that encode required program behavior  , and a failing negative testcase that demonstrates a defect. In order to answer these questions  , we choose ARRANGER – a Genetic Programming-based discovery engine 910 to perform the ranking function tuning. Genetic Programming has been widely used and proved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management 119. As we have formalized link specifications as trees  , we can use Genetic Programming GP to solve the problem of finding the most appropriate complex link specification for a given pair of knowledge bases. This approach is yet a batch learning approach and it consequently suffers of drawbacks of all batch learning approaches as it requires a very large number of human annotations to learn link specifications of a quality comparable to that of EAGLE. The robot modules we consider are the TeleCube modules currently being developed at Xerox PARC 13 and shown in Figure 1 . For example  , the genetic programming approach used in 7 has been shown to achieve high accuracies when supplied with more than 1000 positive examples. Still  , none of the active learning approaches for LD presented in previous work made use of the similarity of unlabeled link candidates to improve the convergence of curious classifiers. For example  , the approach presented in 8 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. Several other strategies for input generation have been proposed symbolic execution combined with constraint solving 30  , 18  , direct setting of object fields 5  , genetic programming 29  , etc. 15 proposes an approach based on the Cauchy-Schwarz inequality that allows discarding a large number of superfluous comparisons. Particularly  , we investigate an inductive learning method – Genetic Programming GP – for the discovery of better fused similarity functions to be used in the classifiers  , and explore how this combination can be used to improve classification effectiveness . Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space. Another approach to contextual advertising is to reduce it to the problem of sponsored search advertising by extracting phrases from the page and matching them with the bid phrase of the ads. In addition  , gradient primitives   , shown to be effective for communication in modular robots We also gave the genetic programming runs additional primitives for each problem. The best computer program that appeared in any generation  , the best-so-far solution  , is designated as the result of genetic programming Koza 19921. In addition  , similar to other search-based software engineering SBSE 15  , 14 approaches  , genetic programming often suffers from the computationally expensive cost caused by fitness evaluation  , a necessary activity used to distinguish between better and worse solutions. That is  , compared to random search  , genetic programming does not bring benefits in term of fewer NCP in this case to balance the cost caused by fitness evaluations. 26  introduced the idea of program repair using genetic programming  , where existing parts of code are used to patch faults in other parts of code and patching is restricted to those parts that are relevant to the fault. Out of the 90 buggy programs  , with a test suite size of 50 — SEMFIX repaired 48 buggy programs while genetic programming repaired only 16. This is the major motivation to choose GP for the ranking function discovery task. Based on the plaintext collection  , our ARRANGER engine  , a Genetic Programming GP based ranking function discovery system  , is used to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for the topic distillation task. The function is represented as a tree composed of arithmetic operators and the log function as internal nodes  , and different numerical features of the query and ad terms as leafs. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 8. With flexible GP operators and structural motif representations  , our new method is able to identify general RNA secondary motifs. We choose not to record the genetic programming operations performed to obtain the variant as an edit script because such operations often overlap and the resulting script is quite long. The isolation of the search strategies from the search space makes the solution compatible with that of Valduriez891 and thus applicable to more general database programming languages which can be deductive or object-oriented Lanzelotte901. Yet  , so far  , none of these approaches has made use of the correlation between the unlabeled data items while computing the set of most informative items. Furthermore  , affected by GenProg  , Par also uses genetic programming to guide the patch search in the way like GenProg. The fact that it has been successfully applied to similar problems  , has motivated us to use it as a basis for discovering good similarity functions for record replica identification. This approach captures the novelty and diversity of a list of recommended tags implicitly  , by introducing metrics that assess the semantic distance between different tags diversity and the inverse of the popularity of the tag in the application novelty. AutoFix-E 37 can repair programs but requires for the contracts in terms of pre-and post-conditions. Running test cases typically dominated GenProg's runtime " 22  , which is also suitable for RSRepair  , so we use the measurement of NTCE to compare the repair efficiency between GenProg and RSRepair  , which is also consistent with traditional test case prioritization techniques aiming at early finding software bugs with fewer NTCE. Short titles may mislead the results  , specially generic titles such as Genetic Programming  , then we add the publication venue title to this type of query. That is  , RSRepair immediately discards one candidate patch once the patched program fails to pass some test case. After that  , general automated program repair has gone from being entirely unheard of to having its own multi-paper sessions  , such as " Program Repair " session in ICSE 2013  , in many top tier conferences 20  , and many researchers justify the advantage of their techniques  , such as Par and SemFix  , via the comparison with GenProg. We conducted a set of experiments aiming to evaluate the proposed disambiguation system in comparison with stateof-the-art methods on two well-known datasets. To the best of our knowledge  , the problem of discovering accurate link specifications has only been addressed in very recent literature by a small number of approaches: The SILK framework 14  now implements a batch learning approach to discovery link specifications based on genetic programming which is similar to the approach presented in 6. Several approaches that combine genetic programming and active learning have been developed over the course of the last couple of years and shown to achieve high F-measures on the deduplication see e.g. The evaluation has shown that the numerical and symbolic reference models generated from isokinetics tests on top-competition sportsmen and women are  , in the expert's opinion  , similar. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. Defining the I-space and a continuous mapping from I-space onto W-space. A mapping from capability space to resource space expresses the fidelity profiles of available applications. As described by Heck- bert Hec86   , the traditional graphical texturing problem comprises mapping a defined texture from some convenient space called the texture-space   , to the screen-space. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: Example. Let R be the orientation mapping from the surface-space to the world-space The object's surface-space can thus be mapped to world-space. This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. For homogeneous robots  , it is the mapping From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. We call this new space the reduced information space and the mapping from the information space onto it the aggregation map. The radial distance between the camera and target  , as measured along the optical axis  , factors into this mapping. This fixed mapping gives more flexibility to the k-mer feature space  , but only increases the size of the feature space by a constant factor of 2. The tangential space mapping where V s 7 is tlie gradient function for 7. and Veep is tlie tangential space mapping of the kinematic function' . the arm is in constant contact with the obstacle . Mapping transforms the problem of hashing keys into a different problem  , in a different space. Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. The directory space. Reverse mapping is indicated by dotted arrows  , where the mapping of force flows in the opposite direction as velocity. The mapping can include time variant contact conditions and also timely past and/or future steps during manipulation. The texture properties are defined relative to an object's surface. The relationship between the topic space and the term space cannot be shown by a simple expression. Of course  , this mapping concurs with inaccuracy. It admits infinite number of joint-space solutions for a given task-space trajectory. the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. The " directions " of these matrices show the forward mapping of velocity from one space to another. These parameters are used to derive a mapping from each camera's image space to the occupancy map space. B; denotes the stiffness mapping matrix relating the operational space to the fingertip space. There is a continuous many-to-one mapping from I-space t o W-space determined by the forward kinematics of the arm. A singular value decomposition of this mapping provides the six-dimensional resolvabilify measure  , which can be interpreted as the system's ability to resolve task space positions and orientations on the sensor's image plane. The key idea in mapping to a higher space is that  , in a sufficiently high dimension  , data from two categories can always be separated by a hyper-plane. The mapping  , termed the planar kinematic mapping in Bottema and Roth 1979  , is a special case of dual quaternion representation of object position in a three dimensional space. For the defined model the phase space is 6-dimensional. It requires  , first  , mapping a world description into a configuration space  , i.e. In the case of our mobile robot we chose four particular variables for the reduced information vector. This kernel trick makes the computation of dot product in feature space available without ever explicitly knowing the mapping. The Hilbert curve is a continuous fractal which maps each region of the space to an integer. As a result  , collision checking is also performed directly in the work space. Although the mapping is diffeomorphic  , the transformed path to the joint space possibly does not coincide with the optimal path in the joint space. This slicing was developed in 6 for use in teleoperation of robot arm manipulators. Available resource levels are provided by the system  , and constrain the configuration space to a feasible region. The resulting dynamical model is described by fewer equations in the u-space. First  , a conventional automobile is underactuated non-holonomic  , so the mapping from C-space to action space is under-determined . But unlike the mapping on a basis  , a mapping to a dictionary does not allow the reconstruction of the data element. Experiments in 1  , 5 show that the LegoDB mapping engine is very effective in practice and can lead to reductions of over 50% in the running times of queries as compared to previous mapping techniques. We have proved that the forbidden region of an obstacle can be computed only by mapping the boundary of the obstacle using the derived mapping function. Also  , the stiffness mapping matrix B; between the operational space and the fingertip space of each hand can be represented by where i  B ;   denotes the stiffness mapping matrix between the operational space and the fingertip space of the ith hand. Due to space limitations  , we cannot present all mapping rules. However  , non-holonomic vehicles have constrained paths of traversal and require a different histogram mapping. We have performed the task that pouring water from a bottle with the power grasp  , which can test the joint space mapping method. Similar to the mapping on a basis the mapping on a dictionary takes as input a data space element and outputs a coordinate vector. As reasoned above  , HePToX's mapping expressions define the data exchange semantics of heterogeneous data transformation. The results of the Mapping stage are sufficiently random so that more space-expensive approaches are unnecessary . Teleoperation experiments show that the human hand model is sufficient accuracy for teleoperation task. Instead we provide a few examples to illustrate the mapping. Given the search space ΩP  covering all possible mappings   , finding a C min mapping boils down to inferring subsumption relationship between a mapping and the source predicate  , and between two mappings. The transformation of pDatalog rules into XSLT is done once after the mapping rules are set up  , and can be performed completely automatically. As in the example in Section 2  , the user provides the mapping between application resources and role-based access control objects using a Space-provided embedded domain-specific language. The baseline approach builds a non-clustered index on each selection dimension and the rank mapping approach builds a multi-dimensional index for each ranking fragment. Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the scnsorimotor mapping. The joint space mapping and modified fingertip position mapping method are exercised in the manipulation of dexterous robot hand. Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the sensorimotor mapping. In this context a datatype theory T is a partial mapping from URIrefs to datatypes. That is  , the cross-modal semantically related data objects should have similar hash codes after mapping. A mapping function has been derived for mapping the obstacles into their corresponding forbidden regions in the work space. If we control the sparsity of projection matrix A  , we could significantly reduce the mapping computation cost and the memory size storing projection matrix. The coordinate form representation of the latter is given by tlie n x n manipulator Jacobian matrix DecpO. These solutions realize a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. For example   , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closedloop structured finger such as the finger with five-bar mechanism described in 8  , the backward mapping is unique. In this paper  , we treat a robot hand with five-bar finger mechanism and then the stiffness relation between the fingertip space and joint space is described by using the backward Jacobian mapping. The lexical-to-value mapping is the obvious mapping from the documents to their class of equivalent OWL Full ontologies. 1 We learn the mapping Θ by maximizing the likelihood of the observed times τi→j. The skill mapping SM gives the relation between the desired object trajectory This skill mapping SM maps from the 6-dimensional object position and orientation space to the 3n- dimensional contact point space. That is where it hurts in parallel kinematics  , especially when one considers only the actuator positions for sensing: the mapping is neither bijective several solutions to the forward kinematic problem nor differentiable singularities of any type. Fullyisotropic PWs presented in this paper give a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. The mapping is done through kernel functions that allow us to operate in the input feature-space while providing us the ability to compute inner products in the kernel space. toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. A partial function I : S C mapping states to their information content is called an interpretation. The result is a task velocity toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. Mapping all the obstacles onto C-space is not computationally efficient for our particular problem; therefore  , collision detection is done in task space. the set of positions and orientations that the robot tool can attain  , will be denoted by W = this section  , we show how the robot's task space can be mapped to the camera's visual feature space and then we will consider the mapping from the robot's configuration space to the visual feature space. The control space is defined by the degrees of freedom of our haptic device  , the Phantom. The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. The 2n + 1 variables of.the access tree model form a 2n + 1 dimensional space R. The access model implies a mapping G: S ---> R from the space of file structures S ontu the space of all the combinations of model variable values  , R. This mapping is usually many-to-one because the variables only represent average characteristics of the file structures  , i.e. Weston et al 30 propose a joint word-image embedding model to find annotations for images. For a kinematically redundant system  , the mapping between task-space trajectory and the join-space trajectory is not unique. Further  , addition and scalar multiplication cannot yield results similar to those performed in the data space. Intuitively  , a tight connection between two documents should induce similar outputs in the new space. average pointer proportion and average size of filial sets of a level. But this mapping is not one-to-one  , there are infinite number of possible joint-space solutions for the same task-space trajectory. The tracking of features will be described in Section 3.1. Figure 2shows the resolvability of two different stereo camera configurations. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as Figure 4shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. Since the mapping from I-space t o W-space is continuous  , and since a sphere is an orientable surface  , so is the cylinder surface. An alternative method of dealing with sparsity is by mapping the sparse high-dimensional feature space to a dense low-dimensional space. Instead of mapping documents into a low-dimensional space  , documents are mapped into a high dimensional space  , but one that is well suited to the human visual system. Finally  , Space verifies that each data exposure allowed by the application code is also allowed by the catalog. A mapping from capability space to utility space expresses the user's needs and preferences. 4 showed that the lexical features of the query space and the Web document space are different  , and investigated the mapping between query words and the words in visited search results in order to perform query expansion. In other words  , with longer lifespan  , the partitions at the upper corner of the space rendition contain more tuples  , hence more pages. The Hough transform 5 was developed as an aid to pattern recognition and is widely used today. Ordering paves the way for searching in that new space  , so that locations can be identified in the hash table. In SMART the Jacobian is used for a wide variety of variable mappings. Many classical visualization techniques are based on dimensionality reduction  , i.e. To explain this mapping from intention space to relevancy space  , let us assume we have a resource R which has been tweeted by some author at time ttweet. This difference becomes larger in the region which is far from the origin. The unique mapping is highly related to the concept of observability. Figure 2: Mapping between sensor space and mental space based on empirical rules and physical intuition. Therefore  , it is represented by a mapping of the shape space Q into the force-distribution space T*Q. Using the learned sensorimotor mapping and body ima.ge  , the robot chooses an action in the sensorimotor space to circumnavigate obstacles and reach goals. First  , for an input hyper-plane  , all the cluster boundaries intersect the hyper-plane are selected. The paper is organized as follows. Among the many possible ways of choosing a partition   , one solution is to choose a particular function mapping the information space onto a smaller tractable space. The robot links and obstacles are represented directly in the work space  , thus avoiding the complex mapping of obstacles onto the C-space. From this perspective  , visual tools can help to better understand and manipulate the mapping into the program space. a differentiable bijective mapping between the sensor-space and the state-space of the system 16. The redundancy allows one to obtain a low-order model for the manipulator dynamics by mapping the joint velocity q- space to a pseudovelocity U- space. A typical trial comprised the mapping of several hundred square metres of trials space  , followed by two or more days testing a wide variety of runs through this space. Let  , the joint velocity polytope of a n-dof manipulator be described by the 2n bounding inequalities: This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. Tracking by camera pan requires mapping pixel positions in the image space to target bearing angles in the task space. Note that this definition implicitly assumes to be able to generate negative values for the joint variables. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 3shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration . In this paper  , we consider a compliance and damping as impedance elements. However  , there is a large gap between the problem space and the solution space. To compare the operations allowed by an application to those permitted by our security patterns  , a mapping is required between the objects defined in the RBAC model and the resources defined by the application. Space asks the user to define this mapping. Formally  , it is a mapping from types of application resources to types of RBAC objects; the mapping is a relation  , since some application resources may represent more than one type of RBAC object. The robot learns the mapping a.nd categorizations entirely within its seiisorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a priori internal representations. The robot learns the mapping and catego-rizations entirely within its sensorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a przorz internal representations. The results of the experiment are summarized in Figure 4. We transformed the strings to an integer space by mapping them to their frequency vectors. Extensive fault tests show that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly hurt reliability. These embeddings often capture and/or preserve linguistic properties of words. plastic  , metal or glass  , to friction cone angles that define the grasp wrench space. The mapping is straight-forward  , but space precludes us from explaining it in detail. In this section  , we formally define the extension of the database . So uncertainty can be represented as a sphere in a six dimensional space. The -mapping model confirms that this gap does exist in the 4-D space. Triplify automatically generates all the resources in the update URI space  , when the mapping µ in the Triplify configuration contains the URL pattern " update " . However  , space precludes an explanation here. Another dynamically consistent nullspace mapping  , which fits very well in the framework of operational space control  , was proposed by Khatih 61: by the manipulator's mass matrix. Word-embeddings are a mapping from words to a vector space. This mapping has two main advantages. Clearly  , this constraint reduces the size of our search space. However  , the efficiency of exhaustion is still intolerable when SqH is large. This mapping can be extended naturally to expressions. Therefore  , we only describe a number of representative examples  , though others can be described in a similar way. Traditional information retrieval systems have focused on mapping a well-articulated query onto an existing information space 4  , 43. This places reliable memory under complete database control  , eliminates double buffering  , and simplifies recovery. In the EROC architecture this mapping function is captured by the abstraction mapper. For space reasons  , here we just informally explain the mapping semantics by examining the two DTDs in Figure 1. First artificial space-variant sensors are described in 22. This implies that the mapping of a data element in the coordinate space of a dictionary does not allow reconstruction. After this approach  , C hyperplanes are obtained in the feature space. However  , the lack of this optimization step as of now does not impact the soundness of the approach. Graphically  , their mapping points in the space rendition move up wards. The exact mapping of topics and posts to vectors depends on the vector space in which we are operating. Tracking of articulated finger motion in 3D space is a highdimensional problem. We can understand them as rules providing mapping from input sensor space to motor control. The mapping of the Expressivity to more than one sub-parameter consequently constrains the space of all possible configurations. The space of word clouds is itself high-dimensional  , and indeed  , might have greater dimension than the original space. Thus the Hough transform provides a one-to-one mapping of lines in the original space to points in the transform space. Absolute space comes from the idea that the representation for each space should be independent of all other spaces. Since an adversary can no longer simulate a one-to-n item mapping by a one-to-one item mapping  , in general  , we can fully utilize the search space of a one-to-n item mapping to increase the cost of attack and prevent the adversary to easily guess the correct mapping. Because it is difficult to build a feature space directly  , instead kernel functions are used to implicitly define the feature space. Because the synibol space is continuous space and the dynainics in this space is continuous system  , the continuous change of the vector field in the inotioIi space and the continuous motion transition is realized. U refers to map the query text q from the m-dimensional text space to the kdimensional latent space by a liner mapping  , and V refers to map the retrieved image d from the n-dimensional image space to the k-dimensional latent space. Lewis Lew89 surveys methods based on noise  , while Perlin Per851 Per891 presents noisebased techniques which by-pass texture space. However  , it is difficult to work in such a high-dimensional configuration space directly   , so we provide a mapping from a lower-dimensional control space to the configuration space  , and manipulate trajectories in the control space. For example  , the integral and differential equations which map A-space to C-space in a flat 2D world are given below: During the transient portion the steering mechanism is moving to its commanded position at a constant rate. Note that the forward or backward Jacobian mapping between the joint space and the fingertip space may not be unique due to the structure of finger used in robot hands. The wirtual obstacle is a continuum of points in I-space corresponding t o those arm positions in W-space at which the arm intersects some obstacles. When the hand system grasps the peg for the compliance center 0 1 of Figure 4   , this is identical to combine the two cases of Figures 2If the compliance center is moved to the point 0 2   , the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y1 in 6 changes into negative  , and the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y2 in 11 changes into negative . While a tight as possible mapping uses the reach space of the robot hand optimally   , it may nevertheless occur that  , since the human finger's workspace can only be determined approximately   , some grasps may lead to finger tip positions which lie outside reach space of the artificial hand. For a more complete description of this mapping from activation level space to force space  , see 25. Then the two robots exchange roles in order to explore a chain of free-space areas which forms a stripe; a series of stripes are connected together to form a trapezoid. LSH is a framework for mapping vectors into Hamming space  , so that the distances in the Hamming hash space reflect those in the input space: similar vectors map to similar hashes. The one-class classification problem is formulated to find a hyperplane that separates a desired fraction of the training patterns from the origin of the feature space F. This hyperplane cannot be always found in the original feature space  , thus a mapping function Φ : F − → F   , from F to a kernel space F   , is used. In vector-space retrieval  , a document is represented as a vector in t-dimensional space  , where t is the number of terms in the lexicon being used. Therefore  , it can be computed off-line and used as a look-up table  , forming the following pseudo-code: The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. It is not possible  , in general  , to compute the speed and steering commands which will cause a vehicle to follow an arbitrary C-space curve. The interface allows direct mapping between the interaction space to a 3D physical task space  , such as air space in the case of unmanned aerial vehicles UAVs  , or buildings in the case of urban search and rescue USAR or Explosive Ordnance Disposal EOD robotic tasks. Denote the joint space of an n-joint  , serialdifferentiability of g is necessary because the joint accelerations are bounded  , and therefore the joint velocities must be continuous . The space overhead problem is crucial for Semantic Search  , which involves the: use of a space consuming indexing relation: A weighted mapping between indexing terms and document references. The construction of the configuration space  , the control space  , the mapping between them and the haptic forces makes it possible to author and edit animations by manipulating trajectories in the control space. For example  , we can present a current situation and retrieve the next feasible situation through interpolation. If our thesis is correct  , physical TUIs such as the 3D Tractus can help reduce the ratio of users per robots in such tasks  , and offer intuitive mapping between the robotic group 3D task space and the user's interaction space. ORDBMSs that execute UDFs outside the server address space could employ careful mapping of address space regions to obtain the same effect. However  , subsequent research publications report 1 ,13 that a direct mapping from source to target TUs without an intermediate phonetic representation often leads to better results. The manipulator knows some mappings from the problem space to the solution space and estimates the mapping for the goal problem by using them. We will discuss the haptics in Section 2.3  , but first we give the mathematical model. During learning  , the simple classifier is trained over dataset T producing a hypothesis h mapping points from input space X to the new output space Y . FigureObject a has a different geometrical feature than object b  , yet under many grasping configurations  , the relation between the body attached coordinate system of the gripper and the object is the same. Furthermore  , this mapping is naturally a many to many mapping that can be reduced to a many to one mapping in obstacle free environments  , thus reducing the learning space and resulting in a much better generalization. In future it is likely that as we move to a push model of information provision we should provide the means to have local variants of ontologies mapping into our AKT computer science 'standard reference' ontology. The mapping provided by the user translates between the RBAC objects constrained by the pattern catalog and the resource types defined in the application code. Space does not permit entire rules templates are shown or the inclusion of the entire mapping rule set  , but this is not needed to show how the homomorphism constrains the rules. If space-filling curves are used  , the mapping is distance-preserving  , i. e. similar values of the original data are mapped on similar index data  , and that for all dimensions. The PSOM concept SI can be seen as the generalization of the SOM with the following three main extensions: the index space S in the Kohonen map is generalized to a continuous mapping manifold S E Etm. Also  , we performed some teleoperation tasks to test modified fingertip position mapping method such as: grasping a litter cube block only with index finger and thumb; grasping a bulb and a table tennis ball with four fingers. Figure 2shows the structure of the global address scheme and an example mapping. The overall Mapping- Ordering-Searching MOS scheme is illustrated in Figure   2. The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. Here  , we adopt the PARAFAC model 4 to carry out further tensor decomposition on the approximate core tensorˆStensorˆ tensorˆS to obtain a set of projection matricesˆPmatricesˆ matricesˆP The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. LegoDB is a cost-based XML storage mapping engine that automatically explores a space of possible XML-torelational mappings and selects the best mapping for a given application. We represent the design space synthesis function  , c  , as a semantic mapping predicate in our relational logic  , taking expressions in the abstract modeling language to corresponding concrete design spaces. Example 2.2 select culture painting title : t  , Figure 5: Path-to-path Mappings pings save space by factorizing DTD similarities and allow semi-automatic mapping generation. This inference is specific to data types– For some types  , it is straightforward  , while others  , it is not. The solutions we obtain through mapping are not optimal; however  , due to the good locality properties of the space mapping techniques  , information loss is low  , as we demonstrate experimentally in Section 6. Let the mapping function Φ contain m elementary functions  , and each of them φ : X → R map documents into a onedimensional space. In the following  , we measure the information loss of each k-anonymous or -diverse group using N CP   , and the information loss over the entire partitioning using GCP see Section 2. For navigation  , the mapping is served as the classifier for the distribution of features in sensor space and the corresponding control commands. In this method  , the optimal trajectories in the state space are grouped using the data obtained from cell mapping. The information bases under the other mappings show the same general trend. Space uses this mapping to specialize the constraints derived from the checks present in the code to the set of RBAC objects  , so that the two sets of security checks can be compared. If the handles were clustered  , the strength of Btrees and direct mapping was exhibited. When a robot link moves around an obstacle  , the link-obstacle contact conditions vary between vertex-edge and edge-vertex contacts . In this paper  , we investigate the collision-free path planning problem for a robot with two aims cooperating in the robot's work space. However  , despite the importance of vision as a localization sensor  , there has been limited work on creating such a mapping for a vision sensor. Particular mapping functions have to be defined  , which makes the problem more complex but in turn only meaningful configurations might be created. Experimental results on a Pentium 4 with an average load of 0.15 have shown an average query time of 0.03 seconds for the mapping and 0.35 seconds for the ranking when mapping to 300 terms. The user can interact in the 3D domain by physically sliding the 3D Tractus surface up and down in space. Within the RDS we can treat elements of X as if they were vectorial and  , depending on the approximative quality of the mapping  , we can expect the results to be similar to those performed if they were defined in the original space. Queries belonging to this URL pattern have to return at least two columns. Figure 4 shows that the first two latent dimensions cluster the outlets in interpretable ways. We emphasize that these features cannot be calculated before the result page is formed  , thus do not participate in the ranking model. To our knowledge  , this is the first work that measures how often data is corrupted by database crashes. Our second software design Section 5.2 addresses this problem by mapping the Rio file cache into the database address space. This exposes reliable memory to database crashes  , and we quantify the increased risk posed by this design. This is consistent with the estimates given in Sullivan9la  , Sullivan93J. Then any multi-dimensional indexing method can be used to organize  , cluster and efficiently search the resulting points. First  , we generated a dictionary that has a mapping between terms and their integer ids. Documents are retrieved by mapping q into the row document space of the term-document matrix  , A: Like the documents  , queries are represented as tdimensional vectors  , and the same weighting is applied to them. We address these two issues by mapping the answer and question to a shared latent space and measure their similarity there. TermWatch maps domain terms onto a 2D space using a domain mapping methodology described in SanJuan & Ibekwe-SanJuan 2006. In this paper we introduce one way of tackling this problem. IJsing this mapping reactive obstacle avoidance can be achieved. This could be done by mapping the object parameters into the feature space and thus writing them as a geometric constraint. We also plan to apply this method to general C-space mapping for convex polyhedra. Due to space limitation  , the detailed results are ignored. Finally  , an implementation of concurrent control as a mapping of constraints between individual controllers is demonstrated. Nevertheless it's possible that with different kernels one could improve on our results. This paper explores the utility of MVERT for exploration and observing multiple dynamic targets. In semi-autonomous navigation  , omnidirectional translational motion is used for mapping desired user velocities to the configuration space. We then calculate the mean of its column-wise Pearson correlation coefficients with Y . We c m directly transfer the calibrated joints value measured by the CyberGlove@ to the robot hand. If the automated system could function well in this space  , then it will also function well in the retirement community. These include scaling  , rotation  , and synchronization of observations from several tours of a space. The time series are further standardized to have mean zero and standard deviation one. Let¨be Let¨Let¨be a feature mapping and be the centroid matrix of¨´µ of¨´µ  , where the input data matrix is represented as in the feature mappingörmappingör the feature space explicitly. At this time  , it might be effective to subtract the explained component in the target ordering from sample orders. This helps to prune the space for conducting containment mapping. For discrete QoS dimensions  , for instance audio fidelity   , whose values are high  , medium and low  , we simply use a discrete mapping table to the utility space. Since the target predicate has a pre-defined domain of values  , each representing a range  , our search space is restricted to disjunctions of those ranges. triples that represent specific points in the geometric space. Thus  , mapping reliable memory directly into the database address space does not significantly lower reliability. Thus the mapping from one we consider the characteristically same configuration of a manipulator. We use this mapping to parameterize the grasp controller described in Section 3. The particular minimum of 3 in which the robot finds itself is dependent on the path traversed through through joint space to reach current joint angles. For example  , a typical mapping approach  , called approximate cell decomposition 7  , maps an environment into cells of predefined shapes. Second  , the inverse model  , the mapping from a desired state to the next action is not straightforward. The above results represent the first approach to a perception mapping system; it involves all sensors and all space around the robot. The global exploration st ,rategy provides the order in which these areas are explored. Section 2 extends Elfes' 2-D probabilistic mapping scheme to 3-D space and describes a framework for workspace modeling using probabilistic octrees. -procedures for mapping sensory errors into positional/rotational errors e.g. This property can be viewed as the contraction of the phase space around the limit cycle. This is because we excluded the coupling terms iKfxyi=1 ,2 ,3 in the fingertip space for independent finger control. The sensory-motor elements are distributed and can be reused for building other sequences of actions. In particularly  , by allowing random collisions and applying hash mapping to the latent factors i.e. we can both reduce the search space and avoid many erroneous mappings between homonyms in different parts of speech. Imitation of hand trajectories of a skilled agent could be done through a mapping of the proprioceptive and external data. A mapping is defined by specifying an implementation component in the requires section of an abstract package definition. The kernel function implicitly maps data into a highdimensional reproducing kernel Hilbert space RKHS 7  and computes their dot product there without actually mapping the data. Clearly  , this plot does not reveal structures or patterns embedded in the data because data dojects spread across the visual space. two different paths in the interpretation space can lead to the same program. An architectural style specification  , omitted due to space limitation  , defines the co-domain of an architectural map. Section 2 presents object-relational mapping ORM as a concrete driving problem. Space  , in contrast  , requires only that the programmer provide a simple object mapping. Later  , we generalized this idea to map the strings to their local frequencies for different resolutions by using a wavelet transform. 7  , 8  presented techniques for representing text documents and their associated term frequencies in relational tables  , as well as for mapping boolean and vector-space queries into standard SQL queries. The acquired parameter values can then be used to predict probability of future co-occurrences. Indeed  , mapping technology itself—including the prior technology of the printed map— privileges a particular cognitive perspective 9. We built an earlier Java-based prototype in order to rapidly explore the design space for visual mapping of organizations. Our choice of visual design builds upon one of the simplest hierarchical layouts  , the icicle plot 1. The classifier was trained to be conservative in handling the Non-Relevant categorization. Second  , suboptimal mappings have a larger impact in the two-dimensional space than in the unidimensional one. The access interface need only maintain a relatively simple mapping between object identifiers and storage locations. The attribute for each sample point object occupanjcy or free space was determined by the solid interference function "SOLINTERF" in AME. Higher map resolution and better path usually mean more cells thus more space and longer planning time. Our main conclusion is that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly decrease reliability. Mapping reliable memory into the database address space allows a persistent database buffer cache. maximum heap space  , and the numbers of MultiExprs and ExprXlasses in the logical and physical expression spaces at the end of optimization. This narrows down the search space of potential objects on the image significantly. Second  , consider the mapping of textual words into the latent space in LSCMR. The mapping of feasible initial-state perturbations around a nominal initial state x 0 to sensor-observation perturbations is given by the observability matrix Let the columns of the matrix N span the null-space of B. We apply a. liyclrodynamic potential field in the sensorimotor spa.ce to choose an action cf. For an environment depicted in Fig. The fuzzy rules and membership functions are then generated using the statistical properties of the individual trajectory groups. Figure 11shows another mapping. In computer graphics  , for cxample  , an object model is defined with respect to a world coordinate system. Fundamentally  , thc dccomposition in 12 rcprcscnts a. mapping from the space of infinitc-dimcnsiona.1 rcalvalucd functions to thc finitc-dimcnsiona.1 spa.cc  ?P. Employing this demonstration technique saves from the burden of mapping the human kinematics as in other approaches 7  , 14. A phase space represents the predicted sensory effects of chains of actions. We will develop a polygonal line method to avoid the poor solutions by fitting the line segments without any mapping or length constraints. Additionally  , potential clusters are maximally S-connected  , i.e. In the aforementioned methods it is assumed that the dataset is embedded into a higher-dimensional space by some smooth mapping. Figure 1: Mapping entities in folksonmies to conceptual space rameters by maximizing log-likelihood on the existing data set. The intent of any input query is identified through mapping the query into the Wikipedia representation space  , spanned by Wikipedia articles and categories. According to the objective function 6  , we think that the optimal r-dimensional embedding X *   , which preserves the user-item preference information  , could be got by solving the following problem: Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. During the final phase of resolution i.e. These relations may include temporal relations  , meronymic relations  , causal relations  , and producer/consumer relations. In practice  , we can often encode the same probability distribution much more concisely. The mapping from the system state to the Java code we implemented is straightforward. In this section  , we discuss our development of predicate mapper  , which realizes the type-based search-driven mapping machinery. Both problems are NP-hard in the multidimensional space. The relationship between database intension and extension then is an injective mapping between two topological spaces. The idea is to extract n numerical features from the objects of int ,erest  , mapping them into points in n-dimensional space. In the following  , lower-case bold Roman letters denote column vectors  , and upper-case ones denote matrices. The use of these techniques for document space representation has not been reported In the literature. This solution is one of five Pareto-optimal solutions in the design space for our customer-order object model. The second component of the visual mapping is brightness . Indeed  , there is no theoretical basis for mapping documents into a Euclidean space at all. Apart from the limited number of discontinuities  , the mapping from pose-space to eigenspace is conformal: that is  , continuous but curved. The tip of the bucket position and its orientation relative to the horizontal are the task space variables being controlled. Selective usage of these elements may be more suited for specific situations of navigation. The output is well-defined  , closed under the operation  , and is unique. These are highly desirable properties for an unsupervised feature mapping which facilitate learning with very few instances. The camera-totarget distance remains constant when the target horizontally translates in a plane parallel to the camera's image plane and simple perspective is used for the image-to-task space mapping. uncertainty in the kinematics mapping which is dynamic dependent. These approaches build maps of an unknown space by selecting longterm goal points for each robot Other approaches focus more mapping I81 19. Since the PCM contains only obstacles in a fixed vicinity of the vehicle  , obstacles "enter" and "leave" the map gradually as the robot moves. We have shown an efficient and robust method for recomputing 3-d Minkowski sums of convex polyhedra under rotation. Bottema and Roth 1979 introduce this mapping directly and study the image curves which represent the coupler motion of a planar four bar linkage. Mapping motion data is a common problem in applying motion capture data to a real robot or to a virtual character . Mapping with only stationary objects  , and localization using entire observations in which the dual sensor model of occupancy grids is applied for range readings from moving objects. They obtain an affordance map mapping locations at which activities take place from learned data encoding human activity probabilities. What follows is a sequence of strings that define the traversal path through the output space of the selected extractor. The second data set contains 2 ,000 data items in 3- dimensional space with 2 clusters the middle one in Fig.3. To calculate the document score for document d i   , the vector space method applies the following equation: We will now show how LSA is as an extension to the VSM  , by using this query mapping. We also consider transforming the NED mapping scores into normalized confidence values. The other primitives are less crucial with respect to the YQL implementation  , and therefore we skip their discussions due to space limitations. Since the adversary only has information about the large itemsets  , he can only find the mappings for items that appear in the background knowledge. However  , mapping an inherently high-dimension data set into a low-dimension space tends to lose the information that distinguishes the data items. The SOM defines a mapping from the input data space onto a usually two-dimensional array of nodes. This is because wild stores rarely touch dirty  , committed pages written by previous transactions. However  , due to space limitation  , we describe the intension to extension mapping only. We also test a number of other standard similarity measures  , including the Vector Space Similarity VSS 3 and others. When decoding the relative strength of active signals in a complex 3d world with different densities of matter – i.e. The mapping  can not be achieved by the system without breaking contact constraints. For the purposes of synthesizing a compliance mapping   , it is assumed that the robotic manipulator and the gripper holding the object can move freely in space without colliding with the environment. In this paper  , we investigate a novel approach to detect sentence level content reuse by mapping sentence to a signature space. the terms or concepts in question. Our use of the stress function is slightly unusual  , because instead of projecting the documents onto a low-dimensional space  , such as R 2   , we are mapping documents to the space of word clouds. Consider a naive indexing approach where a sentence-file stores keyword vectors for the sentences in the collection. Hashing then involves mapping from keys into the new space  , and using the results of Searching to find the proper hash table location. According to the preceding calculations  , both procedures will yield exactly the same ranking. Therefore  , the knowledge of inverse kinematics mapping is of great interest since it allows the path planing to be independent of the geometry of the robot. Currently  , a 7:l position amplification permits comfortable mapping of RALF's full workspace into the workspace of the human operator. The control law is provided by mapping these two spaces as an open-loop schema. Errors in the estimated and actual generalized force were used to drive the system to minimize the external loads projected into the configuration space. These ellipsoids are the mapping froin unitary balls in t ,he velocity/force joint space to the analogous in the task space. The geometric configuration of robot manipulability includes two wellknown types: manipulability ellipsoidl  and manipulability polytope2  , 3 ,4. But a large number of latent intents would greatly increase the cost of mapping queries from book space to the latent intent space. Most tasks  , for example welding  , insertions  , and grasping   , require a higher precision than can be achieved by using artificial forces. The proposed method uses a nullspace vector in the velocity mapping between the q-space and the u-space to guarantee the continuity in the joint velocities. Figure 7shows the trajectory taken by the wheelchair green when the user attempts to follow a leader blue. Practically  , the document space is randomly sampled such that a finite number of samples   , which are called training data R ⊆ R  , are employed to build the model. Bound the marginal distributions in latent space In the previous section  , we have discussed how the marginal distribution difference can be bounded in the space W . Thus  , we develop a mechanism for efficient wordoverlap based reuse 33  by mapping sentence domain context to a multi-dimensional signature space and leveraging range searches in this space. Index schemes: There have been a number of proposals for finding near-duplicate documents in the database and web-search communities 21  , 37  , 10. Relation c can be seen as mapping abstract  , intensional models of design spaces to extensional representations   , namely sets of concrete design variants. The inputs of the system are assembly quality ternis  , i.e. In their original formulation  , these manipulability measures or ellipsoids considered only single-chain manipulators  , and were based on the mapping in task space trough the Jacobian matrix of the joint space unit ,a.ry balls qTq 5 1 and T ~ T 5 1. A kinematic mapping f has a singularity at q when the rank of its Jacobian matrix Jf q drops below its maximum possible value  , which is the smaller of the dimensions k of the joint-space and n of the configuration space. In computational biology  , it has been found that k-mers alone are not expressive enough to give optimal classification performance on genomic data. But what happens if the grasping configuration doesn't follow any of the simple built-in action models ? In its most abstract form  , the forward kinematics of a serial-link manipulator can be regarded as a mapping from joint space to operational space. A unique mapping will need additional constraints  , such as in the form of desired hand or foot position. Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. Resolvability provides a shared ontology  , that is a scheme allowing us to understand the relationships among various visual sensor configurations used for visual control. is the Jacobian matrix and is a function of the extrinsic and intrinsic parameters of the visual sensor as well as the number of features tracked and their locations on the image plane. This set is called The above theorem states that points in the workspace close to obstacles  , relate to points in the configuration space with even less clearance. News articles are also projected onto the Wikipedia topic space in the same way. The motion strategy can be represented as a function mapping the information space onto the control space. In contrast to this direction of research  , relatively little research e.g. These mapping methods are not widely used because they are not as efficient as the VSM. This fact is especially interesting if the data space is non-vectorial. The derivation of t from a induces a mapping  , cl  , from concrete designs to concrete loads parameterized by a choice of abstract load. Space is otherwise completely automatic: it analyzes the target application's source code and returns a list of bugs. A load/store using out of bounds values will immediately result in a hardware trap and we can safely abort the program . In the above definition  , it is equivalent to compute the traditional skyline  , having transformed all points in the new data space where point q is the origin and the absolute distances to q are used as mapping functions. We employ two well-known space-mapping techniques: the Hilbert space-filling curve 15 and iDistance 23. Given a source logical expression space  , a target physical expression space  , and a goal an instance of Goal  , a Mapper instance will return a physical expression that meets whatever constraint is specified by the goal. The condition number and the determinant of the Jacobian matrix being equal to one  , the manipulator performs very well with regard to force and motion transmission. As opposed t o mapping < to new active joint space velocities through a given shape matrix Jcp   , this approach introduces additional joint space velocities using a new shape matrix . Basically  , defuzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control action defined over an universe of discourse into a space of non-fuzzy control actions. Although inany strategies can be used for performing the defuzzifi- cation 8  , we use the height defuzzification method given by where CF is a scale factor. A key component of this measure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. The set of all possible twists at a given position and orientation of a rigid body is the tangent space at that point; it is represented by the tangent space at the origin of a chosen reference frame. Among the collision-free paths that connect the initial and goal configurations  , some may be preferable because they will make more information available to the robot  , hence improving the knowledge of its current state. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 2F shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. Before planning the vision-based motion  , the set of image features must be chosen. Fingerprint-based descriptors  , due to the hashing approach that they use  , lead to imprecise representations  , whereas the other three schemes are precise in the sense that there is a one-to-one mapping between fragments and dimensions of the descriptor space. Dimension reduction is the task of mapping points originally in high dimensional space to a lower dimensional sub-space  , while limiting the amount of lost information. Therefore  , the text query and the retrieved image are mapped to a common k-dimensional latent aspect space  , and then their similarity is measured by a dot product of the two vectors in the kdimensional space  , which is commonly used to measure the matching between textual vectors 1. I Absolute Space Representation: An Absolute Space Representation or ASR 7   , is a cognitive mapping technique used to build models of rooms or spaces visited. Similar to a  we project these unreachable positions back to the closest reachable position in the workspace. In this section  , the results of numerical simulation of the Stiffness mapping between 2-dof cylindrical space and 2-dof joint space using both direct and indirect CCT are presented. The former problem may be solved by the use of perfect hash functions  , such as those proposed in 1 ,2 ,3 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,9 ,10 ,26 ,28 ,301  , where a perfect hash function is defined as a oneto-one mapping frcxn the key set into the address space. As a result of COSA  , they resolve a synonym problem and introduce more general concepts in the vector space to easily identify related topics 10. Then we attempt to learn a bridging mapping matrix  , M  , to map the hash codes from mpdimensional hamming space to mq-dimensional hamming space or vice versa  , by utilizing the cross-modal semantic correlation as provided by training data objects. The indexing relation is of the kind defined in IOTA Ker84In this chapter we present  , first  , the query language structure. If X and Y are input and output universes of discourse of a behavior with a rule-base of size n  , the usual fuzzy if-then rule takes the following form Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. where a k are comers of the n-dimensional unit activation hypercube  , or the set of all combinations of minimally and maximally activated muscles. Dehzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control actions defined over an output universe of discourse into a space of nonfuzzy control actions. A specific form of the ho­ mography is derived and decomposed to interpolate a unique path. Daumé and Brill 5 extracted suggestions based on document clusters that have common top-ranked documents. The concept of robot manipulability means that constraints on joint space are transformed to that of task space through the mapping zk = J q   , or in general the transformation P = A&. The object centered Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space is an essential component of the sensor placement measure .   , it is very tlifficidt to implement and optimize the mapping f l : l iising the mathematical or numeric approaches. In other words  , it is sufficient Remarkably  , in this case the optimization problem corresponds to finding the flattest function in the feature space  , not in the input space. Consequently several projections or maps of the hyperbolic space were developed  , four are especially well examined: i the Minkowski  , ii the upperhalf plane  , iii the Klein-Beltrami  , and iv the Poincaré or disk mapping. One advantage of this is that the high dimensional representation  , e.g. A fundamental assumption for multimodal retrieval is that by mapping objects in a modalityconsistent latent space  , the latent space representations of semantically relevant inter-modal pairs should be consistent. Tradeoffs   , Pareto-optimal solutions  , and other critical information can then be read from the results. The use of a solid arrow to make this connection denotes that this mapping from the problem level to the solution level facilitates two goals  , in this case both the generation of new variants and also expedited navigation. Scans from a triangle of points in pose-space will project to a non-Euclidean triangle of points in eigenspace. This is generated during mapping; as the robot moves into unvisited areas  , it drops nodes at regular intervals  , and when it moves between existing nodes it connects them. A homography is a mapping from 2-D projective space to 2-D projective space  , which is used here to define the 2-D displacement transformation between two ob­ ject poses in the image. A good example of the use of geometry within this application is the mapping of two dimensional views of the roadway into a three dimensional representation which can be used for navigation. Repeatability is guaranteed in the augmented Jacobian method because repeated task-space motion is carried out with repeated joint-space motion  , whereas in the resolved motion method repeatability is not guaranteed. Valuable prior research has been conducted in this direction for learning hashing codes and mapping function with techniques such as unsupervised learning and supervised learning. To alleviate this problem  , we propose a second mapping which transforms the 3D C-space into a discontinuous 2D space of " sliced " C-space obstacles. For each data item in the compressed data  , a backward mapping is necessary to discover the coordinates of the original space  , so that a new position can be computed corresponding to the new requdsted space. This transformed state space is equivalent to the state space consisting of the deflection angles θ and ψ i with its timederivatives . It is clear that the most difficult phase of object recognition is making the pointwise mapping from model to scene. With the FSTM partitioned effectively as an union of hyper-ellipsoids  , we can obtain the mapping from an input space of a dimensions to an output space of f3 dimensions in the N-dimensional augmented space  , a+f31N. Formally  , any density matrix ρ assigns a quantum probability for each quantum event in vector space R n   , thereby uniquely determining a quantum probability distribution over the vector space. We map the human hand motion to control the dexterous robot hand when performing power grasps  , the system adopts the joint space mapping method that motions of human hand joints are directly transferred to the robot hand and the operator can adjust the posture interactively; when performing the precise tasks  , the system adopts the modified fingertip position mapping method. A recent work has shown that a finger or manipulator should have at least the same number of active joints as the number of independent elements of the desired operational compliance matrix to modulate the desired compliance characteristic in the operational space 5. Force sensors are built into HITDLR hand. To find the stiffness in the joint space of each finger  , first we have to compute the unique Jacobian relation; particularly  , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closed-loop structured finger  , the backward mapping is unique 5. Performing this mapping also provides a means to model the relationship between question semantics and existing question-answer semantics which will be discussed further in Sect. This information is augmented with that derived from the set of answer terms  , thus by mapping a query question to the space of question-answers it is possible to calculate its similarity using words that do not exist in the question vocabulary and therefore are not represented in the topic distribution T Q . Relation a  , an abstraction relation  , explains how any given concrete design  , d ∈ cm  , instantiates i.e. This mapping is described by As in 2  , see also 3  , 4  , 5  , 7  , 8  , we assume that the image features are the projection into the 2D image plane of 3D poims in the scene space  , hence we model the action of the camera as a static mapping from the joint robot positions q E JR 2 to the position in pixels of the robot tip in the image out­ put  , denoted y E JR2. This way of sharing parameters allows the domains that do not have enough information to learn good mapping through other domains which have more data. A pointer in each entry of the mapping table would lead to what is essentially an overflow chain stored on the magnetic disc of records that are assigned to the hash bucket but which have not yet been archived on the optical disc. These mapping matrices are calculated for a given coil arrangement by treating the coils as magnetic dipoles in space and are calibrated through workspace measurements as outlined in 11  , 10. where each element of I is current through each of the c coils  , B is a 3 × c matrix mapping these coil currents to the magnetic field vector B and B x   , B y   , B z are the 3 × c matrices mapping the coil currents to the magnetic field spatial gradients in the x  , y and z directions  , respectively. However  , since the thumb and the ATX are coupled by the position constraints at the attachment points  , a unique mapping can be achieved between the degrees of freedom of the thumb and the ATX leading to the redundancy of the coupled system the same as that of the thumb alone. These internal points are hidden within the polytope P and they do not contribute to manipulability information. Using a known object model the interpolation of thi  , desired path can then be represented in the task space by a 3-D reconstruc­ tion or mapped directly to the image space. By performing a singular value decomposition 8 on the task space to sensor space Jacobian  , and analyzing the singular values of J and the eigenvectors of JTJ which result from the decomposition  , the directional properties of the ability of the sensor to resolve positions and orientations becomes apparent. From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. The 3D Tractus was designed to support direct mapping between its physical space to the task virtual space  , and can be viewed as a minimal and inexpensive sketch-based variant of the Boom Chameleon 14. Assuming that spatial and temporal facets of concepts are potentially useful not only in human understanding but also in computing applications  , we introduce a technique for automatically associating time and space to all concepts found in Wikipedia  , providing what we believe to be the largest scale spatiotemporal mapping of concepts yet attempted. In addition to the object-oriented description of a perspective we define a navigation path where the navigation space is restricted depending on the selected perspective. The navigation space is defined by the semantic distance between the initial concept and other related concepts. Determining manipulability polytope requires the mapping of an n-dimensional polytope Q in joint space to an m-dimensional polytope P in task space by the transformation P = AQ with n > m. It is known that one part of the hypercube vertices becomes final zonotope vertices5  while the remainder become internal points of P . In order to incorporate the curiosity information   , we create a user-item curiousness matrix C with the same size as R  , and each entry cu ,i denotes u's curiousness about item i. When users ask for a particular region  , a small cube within the data space  , we can map all the points in the query to their index and evaluate the query conditions over the resulting rows. For each document in X represented as one row in X  , the corresponding row in V explicitly gives its projection in V. A is sometimes called factor loadings and gives the mapping from latent space V to input space X . If intervals are represented more naturally   , as line segments in a two-dimensional value-interval space  , Guttman's R-tree 15  or one of its variants including R+-tree 29 and R*-tree 1  could be used. A sufficient condition is that the mapping defined by the task function between the sensor space and the configuration space is onto for each t within O ,T. We recall that the feasibility of a task defined by a task function and an initial condition lies in the existence of a solution F *  t  to the equation e@  , t  = 0 for each t within O  , TI. According to the Jordan Curve Theorem  , any closed curve homeomorphic t o a circle drawn around and in the vicinity of a given point on an orientable surface divides the surface into two separate domains for which the curve is their common boundaryll. Then  , Space uses the  Alloy Analyzer—an automatic bounded verifier for the Alloy language—to compare the specialized constraints to our pattern catalog which is also specified in Alloy. As this technique offers conceptual simplicity   , it will be pursued. Successively  , this germinal idea was further developed  , considering the dynamics a  , multiple arms 35  , defective systems and different motion capabilities of the robotic devices 6  , 83  , wire-based manipulators  , 9  , 101. So the joint-space trajectories of the thumb can be determined by the joint-space trajectories of the ATX and vice versa. In this paper we describe the 3D Tractus-based robotic interface  , with its current use for controlling a group of robots composed of independent AIBO robot dogs and virtual software entities. This is just one method of generating a query map  , if we look further at types of mappings  , we will realise that the possibilities are endless. Spatial databases have numerous applications  , including geographic information systems  , medical image databases ACF+94   , multimedia databases after extracting n features from each object  , and mapping it into a point in n-d space Jaggl  , FRM94  , as well as traditional databases  , where each record with n attributes can be considered as a point in n-dimensional space Giit94. In order to guarantee the fast retrieval of the data stored in these databases  , spatial access methods are typically used. HiSbase combines these techniques with histograms for preserving data locality  , spatial data structures such as the quad- tree 8 for efficient access to histogram buckets  , and space filling curves 6 for mapping histogram buckets to the DHT key space. As a request must search the Q buckets contained in the fraction of the volume of the address space as defined by the request  , one method of mapping to these buckets would be to generate all possible combinations of attribute sets containing the request attributes and map to the address space one to one for each possible combina- tion. Space Security Pattern Checker finds security bugs in Ruby on Rails 2 web applications  , and requires only that the user provide a mapping from application-defined resource types to the object types of the standard role-based model of access control RBAC 30  , 15 . However they are not adequate to accurately estimate the actual performance achievable at the End Effector EE for two main reasons: the ellipsoids  , or 'hyperellipsoids' in R m   , derive from the mapping to the task space of hyperspheres in the normalized joint space  , while the set of joint performances is typically characterized by hypercubes  , i.e. Since a continuous state s ∈ S specifies the placement of objects  , one can determine whether or not the predicate holds at s. This interpretation of which predicates actually hold at a continuous state provides a mapping from the continuous space to the discrete space  , denoted as a function map S →Q : S → Q. Moreover  , trajectories over S give meaning to the actions in the discrete specification. For the single stance motion  , we modify the animation motion to be suitable for the robot by 1 keeping the stance foot flat on the ground  , and 2 mapping the motion in the Euclidean space into the robot's configuration space. Using our fully decoupled tracker and mapper design and fast image space tracking  , we are able to compute the pose estimates on the MAV in constant time at 4.39 ms while building the growing global map on the ground station. The approach we take is to use an online optimization of one-step lmkahead  , choosing trajectories that maximize the space explored while minimizing the likelihood we will become lost on re-entering the map. each joint performance is bounded by +/-a maximum value; the ellipsoids are formulated using task space vectors that are not homogeneous from a dimensional viewpoint  , to take into account both translational and rotational performances; the weight matrices used to normalize do not provide unique results this problem had already been identified in 5. In such a case there is one dominant direction  , which is reflected in one slot  , see figure 3 -d. The advising orientation depends on the pq-histogram quadrant where the peak is found. Overall  , the mapping of linguistic properties of the quotes in the latent bias space is surprisingly consistent  , and suggest that out-an longer  , variable period of time 32. We do not describe the mechanism of such automation due to the scope and the space limitation of this paper. The proliferation of generated components is the main limitation of the naive method-to-component mapping. The results 812 were encouraging but mixed and revealed some shortcomings of the AspectJ design with respect to its usability in this context. Notice that it is possible for two distinct search keys to be mapped to the same point in the k-dimensional space under this mapping. Schema mappings are inserted at the key space corresponding to the source schema at the overlay layer – or at the key spaces corresponding to both schemas if the mapping is bidirectional: U pdateSchema M apping ≡ U pdateSource Schema Key  , Schema M apping. They use minimal space  , providing that the size is known in advance or that growth is not a problem e.g. By mapping one-dimensional intervals to a two-dimensional space  , we illustrate that the problem of indexing uncertainty with probabilities is significantly harder than interval indexing  , which is considered a well-studied problem. In the information visualization field  , mapping of data variables on the display space is often performed by means of visual attributes like color  , transparency  , object size  , or object position. The local internal schema consists of a logical schema  , storage schema  , level schema. The error involved in such an assignment will increase as the difference in effective table sizes between the new query and the leader increases. Within these triangles  , users were asked to compare the three systems by plotting a point closest to the best performing system  , and furthest from the worst. Similar in spirit  , PSI first chooses a low dimensional feature representation space for query and image  , and then a polynomial model is discriminatively learned for mapping the query-image pair to a relevance score. For example  , the question string " Where is the Hudson River located ? " In a computer implementation  , if the available storage space is scarce  , it is straightforward to devise other mappings from hexagonal to quadractic not necessarily rectangular grids that do not leave empty cells. However  , the large number of cells necessary for precise mapping results in time-consuming grid update procedures. The master workspace was transformed into a cylindrical shaped space to assist the operator in maintaining smooth motion along a curved surface. Finally  , we introduce two applications of ILM that bring out its potential: first  , Diffusion Mapping is an approach where a highly redundant team of simple robots is used to map out a previously unknown environment  , simply by virtue of recording the localization and line-of-sight traces  , which provide a detailed picture of the navigable space. This trajectory  , moreover  , is generate in advance. However  , our experience with doing this using an optimal control approach is that the computational cost of adding many obstacles can be significant. The RRC manipulator used in this task is equipped with a Multibus-based servo control unit located in a separate cabinet. Since there is no natural mapping of documents to vectors in this setting  , the procedure for posts is similar. However  , most existing research on semantic hashing is only based on content similarity computed in the original keyword feature space. Most importantly  , the manipulability definitions are independent of the choice of parametrization for these two spaces  , as well as the kinematic mapping. Due to the geometrical structure of the state space and the nature of the Jacobian mapping between joint velocities and rates of change of a behavioral variable see eq. We have divided the full SLAM problem into a fast monocular image space tracking MIST on the MAV and a keyframe-based smoothing and mapping on the ground station. After examining the relevancy of the datasets using our developed relevancy classifier  , we now use our TIRM mapping scheme in transforming the results into the intention space. Such a peripherally graded pattern was first expressed as a conformal exponential mapping in 21. On the other hand  , the inverse kinematic method has symbolic solutions only in types of manipulator kinematics 7. The mapping between workspace and configuration space is straightforward: A point p in the workspace corresponds to the set of configurations in C which have p as their position. On-line control command is calculated mapped from the learned lookup table with the on-line sampled new sensor signals. Summarizing  , in this paper we present a framework for solving efficiently the k-anonymity and -diversity problems  , by mapping the multi-dimensional quasi-identifiers to 1-D space. In the context of a search engine  , inverted index compression encoding is usually infrequent compared to decompression decoding   , which must be performed for every uncached query. During the mapping of FMSVs  , the most effective heuristic feature sets are selected to ensure reasonable prediction accuracy. This histogram was established from a mapping from a 3D space to 2D ZXplane using the depth inforniation to represent the obstacles in the environment. This will build a mapping of the sensory-motor space to reach this goal. This is another issue that has seen a great deal of exploratory research  , including studies of offices and real desks 6. For example  , pattern matching classes that encode multi- DoF motions 22 or force functions for each joint 9; or direct control within a reduced dimensionality space 14. This dictionary element is therefore represented twice. The space V now consists of all time series extracted from shapes with the above mapping . However  , our study shows that fractal dimensions have promising properties and we believe that these dimensions are important as such. They also use a query-pruning technique  , based on word frequencies  , to speed up query execution. For example  , outlets on the conservative side of the latent ideological spectrum are more likely to select Obama's quotes that contain more negations and negative sentiment  , portraying an overly negative character. The constraints associated with these exposures and the user-provided mapping are passed through a constraint specializer  , which re-casts the constraints in terms of the types in our pattern catalog. Then  , Space uses the Alloy Analyzer to perform automatic bounded verification that each data exposure allowed by the application is also allowed by our catalog. Given the correct user-provided mapping  , the patterns applied by Space were always at least as restrictive We examined the code of the applications in our experiment for precisely this situation—security policies intended based on evidence in the code itself to be more restrictive than the corresponding patterns in our catalog—and found none. Q4 no results presented due to lack of space features the 'BEFORE' predicate which may be expensive to evaluate. This makes it very difficult for GA to identify the correct mapping for an item. Figure 2shows a simple example of query reformulation. Thus  , LSH can be employed to group highly similar blocks in buckets  , so that it suffices it compare blocks contained in the same bucket. To avoid epoch numbers from growing without bound and consuming extra space  , we plan to " reclaim " epochs that are no longer needed. By mapping multi-dimensional data to one-dimensional values  , a one-dimensional indexing method can be applied. Based on the findings from our evaluations  , we propose a hybrid approach that benefits from the strength of the graph-based approach in visualising the search space  , while attempting to balance the time and effort required during query formulation using a NL input feature. This system may be implemented in SMART using the set of modules shown in figure 4. 2  , this direction changes during movement  , even in the absence of other perturbations. Therefore  , we can control the closed-chain system with the same control structure in Equation This immediately provides an important result; the dynamically consistent null space mapping matrix for the closed-chain system is the same as the one for the open-chain system   , N in Equation 9. The time savings would be crucial in real-world applications when the category space is much larger and a real-time response of category ranking is required . But since only partial term-document mapping is preserved  , a loss in retrieval performance is inevitable. The expected disc space consumption for a buffered hashing organization BHash for WORM optical d.iscs is analyzed in 191. Based on that  , a bridging mapping is learned to seamlessly connect these individual hamming spaces for cross-modal hashing . In addition  , superposition events come with a flexible way in quantifying how much evidence the observation of dependency κ brings to its component terms. The order of this list was fixed to give a one-to-one mapping of distinct terms and dimensions of the vector space. Secondly  , transaction language constructs should be functions in the logic such that transactions can be represented as expressions mapping states to states that can be composed to form new transactions . This section contains the results of running several variations of the traversal portion of the 001 benchmark using the small benchmark database of 20 ,000 objects. Correspondingly  , the cost of the outer query block can vary significantly depending on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the tuples produced. For a given nested query block  , several execution plans are possible  , each having its own required parameter sort order and cost. However   , we have chosen to re-arrange bytes by the sort order of prefixes read right to left. Results for such queries are shown in column TLC-O for the second group of queries q1-q2. This approach avoids generation of unwanted sort orders and corresponding plans. This Sort should also simplify the Group operation that follows and associates to each researcher the number of projects it belongs to. The sort continuous in this manner until the list of items is fully sorted in ascending order after the lg m th phase. While generating the plans for the nested blocks we consider only those plans that require a parameter sort order no stronger than the one guaranteed by the outer block. The cost of evaluating inner query block can vary significantly depending on the parameter sort order guaranteed by the outer query block. Correspondingly  , the cost of the outer parent query block can vary significantly depending on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the tuples produced. Then we sort the set of average intensities in ascending order and a rank is assigned to each block. The BWT rearranges characters in a block by the sort order of the suffixes of these characters. To reduce the number of candidate plans we can adopt a heuristic of considering only the physical operators that requires the strongest parameter sort order less than the guaranteed sort order. Depending on the delay condition  , HERB either simultaneously released the block no delay or waited until its head was fully turned and then released the block delay  , Fig- ure 2. Finally  , the block size for AIX is 2KB  , with Starburst assuming 4KB pages  , so each Starburst I/O actually requires two AIX I/OS.' A cost-based optimizer can consider the various interesting sort orders and decide on the overall best plan. For the table in Figure 3  , one might imagine that IP Address was used as a predictor for Client ID to some benefit because each user had a preferential computer   , shown below. However  , note that a sort-merge anti-join cannot be used if the correlated query block is part of a procedure or function where as NISR can be used in this case. If this heuristic is adopted in the above example  , when the parameter sort order guaranteed from the parent block is {p 1 } only the state retaining scan is considered and the plain table scan is dropped. An approximated block matrix is generated when we then sort the eigenvectors and rearrange the eigenvector components accordingly before calculating the eigenprojector. Figure 8shows an example of this technique in action. In this approach we first traverse all the blocks nested under a given query block and identify the set of all interesting parameter sort orders. Vo and Vo also showed that usage of multiple predictors for breaking ties in sort order often improves compression. For queries where other factors dominate the cost  , like join q2  , the speedup is relatively small. The rewrite applies only to single block selection queries. The run block size is the buffer size for external Instead of sorting the records in the data buffer directly  , we sort a set of pointers pointing to the records. We consider LB to be the elementary block and we attempt to discuss the possibilities of fault tolerance in this program. Since the matrices are hermitian  , the blocks are symmetric but different in color. We have implemented block nested-loop and hybrid hash variants. Similarly  , the second phase of bitonic sort involves merging each even-indexed 2- item block with the 2-item block immediately following it  , producing a list where consecutive 4-item blocks are sorted in alternating directions. Now  , the compatible combinations of plans and the effective parameter sort order they require from the parent block are as shown in Figure 5. Participants were also told that HERB's head would move and that HERB may provide suggestions about how to sort the blocks  , but that the final sorting method was up to them. When m is a power of 2  , bitonic sort lends itself to a very straight-forward non-recursive implementation based on the above description. Further  , the cost of the plan for the outer query block can vary significantly based on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the parameters. The necessary conditions to bundle operators within a block are: same degrees of parallelism and same partitioning strategies. Traditionally  , BWT rearranges bytes in a block by the sort order of all its suffixes. The minimum amount of main memory needed by Sort/Merge is three disk block buffers  , because in the sort phase  , two input buffers and one output buffer are needed. It is unfair for one sort to allocate extra memory it cannot use while others are waiting; l a sort whose performance is not very sensitive to memory should yield to sorts whose performance is more affected by memory space; l large sorts should not block small sorts indefinitely   , while small sorts should not prevent large sorts from getting a reasonable amount of mem- ory; l when all other conditions are the same  , older sorts should have priority over younger sorts. To eliminate unnecessary data traversal  , when generating data blocks  , we sort token-topic pairs w di   , z di  according to w di 's position in the shuffled vocabulary  , ensuring that all tokens belonging to the same model slice are actually contiguous in the data block see Figure 1 . If suffixes provide a good context for characters  , this creates regions of locally low entropy  , which can be exploited by various back-end compressors. Besides SIMDization  , implementing bitonic sort efficiently on the SPEs also require unrolling loops and avoiding branches as much as possible. The final permutation 41352 represents the sort order of the five tokens using last byte most significant order  , and can be used as input to future calls to permute. Then the Hilbert value ranges delineated by successive pairs of end marker values in the sorted list have the prop erty that they are fully contained within one block at each level of each participating tree. The bottom-up approach can be understood by the following signature of the Optimizer method. In the logical query DAG LQDAG  , due to the sharing of common subexpressions  , the mapping of parameters to the level of the query block that binds it cannot be fixed statically for each logical equivalence node. In each ordering we consider the first 5 blocks  , and for each block we calculate the maximum similarity to the 5 blocks on both the next and previous page. Plan operators that work in a set-oriented fashion e.g. To understand this property  , consider the paradigm used by previous skyline evaluation techniques  , such as Block Nested Loops 4 and Sort-First Skyline 9 . A cost-based optimizer can consider the various options available and decide on the overall best plan. This approach combines the benefits of both the top-down exhaustive approach and the bottom-up approach. In block B'Res  , a Sort operation is added to order the researchers according to their key number. A 6-axis force-torque sensor in the robot's hand identifies when the participant has grasped the block to begin the transfer phase of the handover. Our memory adjustment policy aims to improve overall system performance  , that is  , throughput and average response time  , but it also takes into account fairness considerations. The output of a single block FLWOR statement in XQuery can be ordered by either the binding/document order as specified in the FOR clauses or the value order as specified in the OR- DERBY clause. In order to avoid optimization of subexpressions for sort orders not of interest the bottom-up approach first optimizes the inner most query block producing a set of plans each corresponding to an interesting order. Inference of " bounded disorder " appears to be relevant when considering how order properties get propagated through block-nested-loop joins  , and could be exploited to reduce the cost of certain plan operators. Since the tuples within each block are sorted by timestamp  , a merge sort is employed to retrieve the original order of tuples across the different blocks in the run. The size of the shared pool  , which is used by Oracle to store session information such as sort areas and triggers  , was set to 20MB and the size of the log buffer to 4MB to minimise the influence of Oracle internals on the measurements. To the best of our knowledge  , the state-retention techniques and optimization of multi-branch  , multi-level correlated queries considering parameter sort orders have not been proposed or implemented earlier. We take a multi-phase optimization approach to cope with the complexity of parallel multijoin query optimization.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. a join order optimization of triple patterns performed before query evaluation. We focus on static query optimization  , i.e. Specify individual optimization rules. There has been a lot of work in multi-query optimization for MV advisors and rewrite. We now apply query optimization strategies whenever the schema changes. Thus the system has to perform plan migration after the query optimization. In query optimization using views  , to compute probabilities correctly we must determine how tuples are correlated. Semantic query optimization is well motivated in the literature6 ,5 ,7  , as a new dimension to conventional query optimization. Our experiments were carried out with Virtuoso RDBMS  , certain optimization techniques for relational databases can also be applied to obtain better query performance. The major problem that multi-query optimization solves is how to find common subexpressions and to produce a global-optimal query plan for a group of queries. Multi-query optimization detects common inter-and intra-query subexpressions and avoids redundant computation 10  , 3  , 18  , 19. Logical query optimization uses equalities of query expressions to transform a logical query plan into an equivalent query plan that is likely to be executed faster or with less costs. It complements the conventional query optimization phase. One category of research issues deals with mechanisms to exploit interactions between relational query optimization and E-ADT query optimization. As in applying II to conventional query optimization  , an interesting question that arises in parametric query optimization is how to determine the running time of a query optimizer for real applications . Not only are these extra joins expensive  , but because the complexity of query optimization is exponential in the amount of joins  , SPARQL query optimization is much more complex than SQL query optimization. The optimization on this query is performed twice. Multi-query optimization is a technique working at query compilation phase. 6  reports on a rule-based query optimizer generator  , which was designed for their database generator EXODUS 2. We divide the optimization task into the following three phases: 1 generating an optimized query tree  , 2 allocating query operators in the query tree to machines  , and 3 choosing pipelined execution methods. The parallel query plan will be dete&iined by a post optimization phase after the sequential query optimization . Typically  , all sub-expressions need to be optimized before the SQL query can be optimized. Query optimization in general is still a big problem. The architecture should readily lend itself to query optimization. Optimization of the internal query represen- tation. Good query optimization is as important for 00 query languages as it is for relational query languages. Mid-query re-optimization  , progressive optimization  , and proactive re-optimization instead initially optimize the entire plan; they monitor the intermediate result sizes during query execution  , and re-optimize only if results diverge from the original estimates. However  , semantic optimization increases the search space of possible plans by an order of magnitude  , and very ellicient searching techniques are needed to keep .the cost'of optimization within reasonable limits. As a result  , large SPARQL queries often execute with a suboptimal plan  , to much performance detriment. Then query optimization takes place in two steps. The optimization goal is to find the execution plan which is expected to return the result set fastest without actually executing the query or subparts. This simplifies query optimization Amma85. They investigate the applicability of common query optimization techniques to answer tree-pattern queries. Substantial research on object-oriented query optimization has focused on the design and use of path indexes  , e.g. Note that most commercial database systems allow specifying top-k query and its optimization. The notion of using algebraic transformations for query optimization was originally developed for the relational algebra. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. Finally  , the optimal query correlatioñ Q opt is leveraged for query suggestion. The optimization problem of join order selection has been extensively studied in the context of relational databases 12  , 11  , 16. This is in some cases not guaranteed in the scope of object-oriented query languages 27. While research in the nested algebra optimization is still in its infancy  , several results from relational algebra optimization 13 ,141 can be extended to nested relations. IQP: we consider a modified version of the budget constrained optimization method proposed in 13 as a query selection baseline. 3 Dynamic Query Optimization Ouery optimization in conventional DBS can usually be done at compile time. Cost based optimization will be explored as another avenue of future work. Each iteralion contains a well-defined sequence of query optimization followed by data allocation optimization. the optimization time of DPccp is always 1. More importantly  , multi-query optimization can provide not only data sharing but also common computation sharing. The major form of query optimization employed in KCRP results from proof schema structure sharing. We now highlight some of the semantic query optimizationSQO strategies used by our run time optimizer. -We shall compare the methods for extensible optimization in more detail in BeG89. A novel architecture for query optimization based on a blackboard which is organized in successive regions has been devised. Our approach allows both safe optimization and approximate optimization. A modular arrangement of optimization methods makes it possible to add  , delete and modify individual methods  , without affecting the rest. The optimization problem becomes even more interesting in the light of interactive querying sessions 2  , which should be quite common when working with inductive databases. That is  , we break the optimization task into several phases and then optimize each phase individually. Query Evaluation: If a query language is specified  , the E- ADT must provide the ability to execute the optimized plan. This expansion allows the query optimizer to consider all indexes on relations referenced in a query. First we conduct experiments to compare the query performance using V ERT G without optimization  , with Optimization 1 and with Optimization 2. The current implementation of DARQ uses logical query optimization in two ways. It utilizes containment mapping for identifying redundant navigation patterns in a query and later for collapsing them to minimize the query. 14 into an entity-based query interface and provides enhanced data independence   , accurate query semantics  , and highlevel query optimization 6 13. We represent the query subject probability as P sb S and introduce it as the forth component to the parsing optimization. After query planning the query plan consists of multiple sub-queries. Secondly  , relational algebra allows one to reason about query execution and optimization. We abstract two models — query and keyword language models — to study bidding optimization prob- lems. The query optimization steps are described as transformation rules or rewriting rules 7. That is  , any query optimization paradig plugged-in. ASW87 found this degree of precision adequate in the setting of query optimization. What happens when considering complex queries ? This problem can also be solved by employing existing optimization techniques. We showed the optimization of a simple query. We introduce a new loss function that emphasizes certain query-document pairs for better optimization. : Multiple-query optimization MQO 20 ,19 identifies common sub-expressions in query execution plans during optimization  , and produces globally-optimal plans. For instance   , NN queries over an attribute set A can be considered as model-based optimization queries with F  θ  , A as the distance function e.g. This lower optimization cost is probably just an artifact of a smaller search space of plans within the query optimizer  , and not something intrinsic to the query itself. Heuristics-based optimization techniques generally work without any knowledge of the underlying data. The optimization cost becomes comparable to query execution cost  , and minimizing execution cost alone would not minimize the total cost of query evaluation  , as illustrated in Fig Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. Both directions of the transformation should be considered in query optimization. Classical database query optimization techniques are not employed in KCRP currently  , but such optimization techniques as pushing selections within joins  , and taking joins in the most optimal order including the reordering of database literals across rules must be used in a practical system to improve RAP execution. Our experiments show that the SP approach gives a decent performance in terms of number of triples  , query size and query execution time. Since only default indexes were created  , and no optimization was provided   , this leaves a room for query optimization in order to obtain a better query performance. Heuristics-based optimization techniques include exploiting syntactic and structural variations of triple patterns in a query 27  , and rewriting a query using algebraic optimization techniques 12 and transformation rules 15 . In this paper  , we present a value-addition tool for query optimizers that amortizes the cost of query optimization through the reuse of plans generated for earlier queries. The detection of common sub-expressions is done at optimization time  , thus  , all queries need to be optimized as a batch. Finally  , our focus is on static query optimization techniques. By contrast  , we postpone work on query optimization in our geographic scalability agenda  , preferring to first design and validate the scalability of our query execution infrastructure. In general  , any query adjustment has to be undertaken before any threshold setting  , as it aaects both ast1 and the scores of the judged documents  , all of which are used in threshold setting. We begin in Section 2 by motivating our approach to order optimization by working through the optimization of a simple example query based on the TPC-H schema using the grouping and secondary ordering inference techniques presented here. On the other  , they are useful for query optimization via query rewriting. Optimization of this query should seek to reduce the work required by PARTITION BY and ORDER BYs. Our work builds on this paradigm. However  , sound applications of rewrite rules generate alternatives to a query that are semantically equivalent. Relational optimizers thus do global optimization by looking inside all referenced views. Optimization techniques are discussed in Section 3. That is  , at each stage a complete query evaluation plan exists. They suffer from the same problems mentioned above. The query engine uses this information for query planning and optimization. During the query optimization phase  , each query is broken down into a number of subqueries on the fragments . JOQR is similar in functionality to a conventional query optimizer . Sections 4 and 5 detail a query evaluation method and its optimization techniques. Query optimization is a fundamental and crucial subtask of query execution in database management systems. Query queries  , we have developed an optimization that precomputes bounds. Table  IncludingPivot and Unpivot explicitly in the query language provides excellent opportunities for query optimization. Still  , strategy 11 is only a local optimization on each query. The main concerns were directed at the unique operations: inclusive query planning and query optimization. On the other hand  , more sophisticated query optimization and fusion techniques are required. Tioga will optimize by coalescing queries when coalescing is advantageous. In the third stage  , the query optimizer takes the sub-queries and builds an optimized query execution plan see Section 3.3. It highlights that our query optimization has room for improvement. Weights  , constraints  , functional attributes  , and optimization functions themselves can all change on a per-query basis . The consideration of RDF as database model puts forward the issue of developing coherently all its database features. Motivated by the above  , we have studied the problem of optimizing queries for all possible values of runtime parameters that are unknown at optimization time a task that we call Parametric Query Optimiration   , so that the need for re-optimization is reduced. The multi-query optimization technique has the most restrictive requirement on the arrival times of different queries due to the limitation that multiple queries must be optimized as a batch. Thus  , a main strength of FluXQuery is its extensibility and the ability to benefit from a large body of previous database research on algebraic query optimization. On the other hand  , declarative query languages are easier to read since inherently they describe only the goal of the query in a simpler syntax  , and automatic optimization can be done to some degree. This post optimizer kxamines the sequential query plan to see how to parallelize a gequential plan segment and estimates the overhead as welLas the response time reduction if this plan segment is executed in parallel. The query optimizer can add-derivation operators in a query expression for optimization purpose without explicitly creating new graph view schemes in the database. optimization cost so far + execution cost is minimum. Query Operators and Optimization: If a declarative query language is specified  , the E-ADT must provide optimization abilities that will translate a language expression into a query evaluation plan in some evaluation algebra. Our query language permits several  , possibly interrelated  , path expressions in a single query  , along with other query constructs. We differ in that 1 if the currently executing plan is already optimal  , then query re-optimization is never invoked. However  , unlike query optimization which must necessarily preserve query equivalence  , our techniques lead to mappings with better semantics  , and so do not preserve equivalence. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS97  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. For achieving efficiency and handling a general class of XQuery codes  , we generate executable for a query directly  , instead of decomposing the query at the operator level and interpreting the query plan. Query Optimization: The optimization of an SQL query uses cost-based techniques to search for a cheap evaluation plan from a large space of options. This is an issue that requires further study in the form of a comprehensive performance evaluation on sipI1. Subsequently  , Colde and Graefe 8 proposed a new query optimization model which constructs dynamic plans at compile-time and delays some of the query optimization until run-time. The challenge in designing such a RISCcomponent successfully is to identify optimization techniques that require us to enumerate only a few of all the SPJ query sub-trees. In FS98 two optimization techniques for generalized path expressions are presented  , query pruning and query rewriting using state extents. To give the optimizer more transformation choices  , relational query optimization techniques first expand all views referenced in a query and then apply cost-based optimization strategies on the fully expanded query 16 22 . Kabra and DeWitt 21 proposed an approach collecting statistics during the execution of complex queries in order to dynamically correct suboptimal query execution plans. LEO is aimed primarily at using information gleaned from one or more query executions to discern trends that will benefit the optimization of future queries. If the format of a query plan is restricted in some manner  , this search space will be reduced and optimization will be less expensive. There are six areas of work that are relevant to the research presented here: prefetching  , page scheduling for join execution  , parallel query scheduling  , multiple query optimization  , dynamic query optimization and batching in OODBs. The idea of the interactive query optimization test was to replace the automatic optimization operation by an expert searcher  , and compare the achieved performance levels as well as query structures. Query optimization: DBMSs typically maintain histograms 15 reporting the number of tuples for selected attribute-value ranges. Once registered in Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. Service Descriptions are represented in RDF. Even the expressions above and in And as such these approaches offer excellent opportunities for query optimization. Mondial 18 is a geographical database derived from the CIA Factbook. Open PHACTS 15   , query optimization time dominates and can run into the tens of seconds. Extensions to the model are considered in Section 5. Search stops when the optimization cost in last step dominates the improvement in query execution cost. We know that these query optimizations can greatly improve performance. 'I'he traditional optimization problem is to choose an optimal plan for a query. which fragments slmultl be fetched from tertiary memory . The optimization in Eq. In Section 2 we present related work on query optimization and statistical databases. POP places CHECK operators judiciously in query execution plans. Graefe surveys various principles and techniques Gra93. First  , is to include multi-query optimization in CQ refresh. Histograms were one of the earliest synopses used in the context of database query optimization 29  , 25. In the context of deductive databases. In Section 3  , we describe our new optimization technique . The second optimization exploits the concept of strong-token. The three products differ greatly from each other with respect to query optimization techniques. A key difference in query optimization is that we usually have access to the view definitions. This makes them difficult to work with from an optimization point of view. Here n denotes the number of documents associated with query q i . Analogous to order optimization we call this grouping optimization and define that the set of interesting groupings for a given query consists of 1. all groupings required by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query 2. all groupings produced by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query. A database system that can effectively handle the potential variations in optimization queries will benefit data exploration tasks. They are complementary to our study as they target an environment where a cost-based optimization module is available. In the area of Semantic Query Optimization  , starting with King King81  , researchers have proposed various ways to use integrity constraints for optimization. In particular  , we describe three optimization techniques that exploit text-centric actions that IE programs often execute. The Auto-Fusion Optimization involves iterations of fusion runs i.e. Our demonstration also includes showing the robustness POP adds to query optimization for these sources of errors. Thus  , optimizing the evaluation of boolean expressions seems worthwhile from the standpoint of declarative query optimization as well as method optimization. This file contains various classes of optimization/translation rules in a specific syntax and order. The DBS3 optimizer uses efficient non-exhaustive search strategies LV91 to reduce query optimization cost. Indeed  , our investigation can be regarded as the analogue for updates of fundamental invest ,igat.ions on query equivalence and optimization. In all experiments  , TSA yields the best optimization/execution cost  , ratio. Contrary to previous works  , our results show clearly that parallel query optimization should not imply restricting the search space to cope with the additional complexity. Further  , we also improve on their solution. For example   , if NumRef is set to the number of relations in the query  , it is not clear how and what information should be maintained to facilitate incremental optimization . Following Hong and Stonebraker HS91  , we break the optimization problem into two phases: join ordering followed by parallelization. Clearly  , the elimination of function from the path length of high traffic interactions is a possible optimization strategy. We have demonstrated the effects of query optimization by means of performance experiments. Our second goal with this demo is to present some of our first experiments with query optimization in Galax. We also showed how to incorporate our strategies into existing query optimizers for extensible databases. AQuery builds on previous language and query optimization work to accomplish the following goals: 1. These optimization rules follow from the properties described earlier for PIVOT and UNPIVOT. Optimization. The method normalizes retrieval scores to probabilities of relevance prels  , enabling the the optimization of K by thresholding on prel. This also implies that for a QTree this optimization can be used only once. While ATLAS performs sophisticated local query optimization   , it does not attempt to perform major changes in the overall execution plan  , which therefore remains under programmer's control. The direct applicability of logical optimization techniques such as rewriting queries using views  , semantic optimization and minimization to XQuery is precluded by XQuery's definition as a functional language 30. The query term selection optimization was evaluated by changing /3 and 7. A powerful 00 data modelling language permits the construction of more complex schemas than for relational databases. In order to query iDM  , we have developed a simple query language termed iMeMex Query Language iQL that we use to evaluate queries on a resource view graph. Therefore  , we follow the same principle as LUBM where query patterns are stated in descending order  , w.r.t. Given a logical query  , the T&O performs traditional query optimization tasks such as plan enumeration  , evaluating join orderings  , index selections and predicate place- ment U1188  , CS96  , HSSS. The different formats that exist for query tree construction range from simple to complex. In database query languages late binding is somewhat problematic since good query optimization is very important to achieve good performance. There is currently no optimization performed across query blocks belonging to different E-ADTs . The entity types of our sample environment are given in Figs. In our experiments we found that binning by query length is both conceptually simple and empirically effective for retrieval optimization. Dynamic re-optimization techniques augment query plans with special operators that collect statistics about the actual data during the execution of a query 9  , 13. If a query can m-use cached steps  , the rest of the parsing and optimization is bypassed. To build the plan we use logical and physical query optimization. Also  , the underlying query optimizer may produce sub-optimal physical plans due to assumptions of predicate independence. DB2 Information Integrator deploys cost-based query optimization to select a low cost global query plan to execute . We discuss the various query plans in a bit more detail as the results are presented. Development of such query languages has prompted research on new query optimization methods  , e.g. By compiling into an algebraic language  , we facilitate query optimization. Semantic query optimization can be viewed as the search for the minimum cost query execution plan in the space of all possible execution plans of the various semantically equivalent hut syntactically ditferent versions of the original query. We note that other researchers have termed such queries 'set queries' Gavish and Segev 19861. Query optimization is carried out on an algebraic  , query-language level rather than  , say  , on some form of derived automata. Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , it also improves query execution efficiency since it makes it possible for optimizers to always run at their highest optimization level as the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. RuralCafe  , then allows the users to choose appropriate query expansion terms from a list of popular terms. The objective of this class of queries is to test whether the selectivity of the text query plays a role in query optimization. The optimal point for this optimization query this query is B.1.a. The next important phase in query compilation is Query Optimization. For example  , during optimization  , the space of alternative query plans is searched in order to find the " optimal " query plan. In this example   , the SQL optimizer is called on the outer query block  , and the SEQUIN optimizer operates on the nested query block. However  , existing work primarily focuses on various aspects of query-local data management  , query execution   , and optimization. The trade-off between re-optimization and improved runtime must be weighed in order to be sure that reoptimization will result in improved query performance. E.g. The blackbox ADT approach for executing expensive methods in SQL is to execute them once for each new combination of arguments. A control strategy is needed to decide on the rewrite rules that should be applied to a given statement sequence. With such an approach  , no new execution operators are required  , and little new optimization or costing logic is needed. Optimization during query compilr tion assumes the entire buffer pool is available   , but in or&r to aid optimization at nmtime  , the query tree is divided into fragments. Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. Compared to the global re-optimization of query plans  , our inspection approach can be regarded as a complementary   , local optimization technique inside the hash join operator. The Plastic system  , proposed in GPSH02   , amortizes the cost of query optimization by reusing the plans generated by the optimizer. Optimization for queries on local repositories has also focused on the use of specialized indices for RDF or efficient storage in relational databases  , e.g. A " high " optimization cost may be acceptable for a repetitive query since it can be amortized over multiple executions. We see that the optimization leads to significantly decreased costs for the uniform model  , compared to the previous tables. In Figure 5  , we show results for the fraction pruning method and the max score optimization on the expanded query set. For example  , if our beers/drinkers/bars schema had " beers " as a top level node  , instead of being as a child node of Drinkers  , then the same query would had been obtained without the reduction optimization. Many researchers have investigated the use of statistics for query optimization  , especially for estimating the selectivity of single-column predicates using histograms PC84  , PIH+96  , HS95 and for estimating join sizes Gel93  , IC91  , SS94 using parametric methods Chr83  , Lyn88 . For suitable choices of these it might be feasible to efficiently obtain a solution. Third-order dependencies may be useful  , however   , and even higher-order dependencies may be of interest in settings outside of query optimization. Doing much of the query optimization in the query language translator also helps in keeping the LSL interpreter as simple as possible. This research is an important contribution to the understanding of the design tradeoffs between query optimization and data allocation for distributed database design. Many researchers have worked on optimizer architectures that facilitate flexibility: Bat86  , GD87  , BMG93  , GM931 are proposals for optimizer genera- tors; HFLP89  , BG92 described extensible optimizers in the extended relational context; MDZ93  , KMP93  proposed architectural frameworks for query optimization in object bases. Another approach to this problem is to use dynamic query optimization 4 where the original query plan is split into separately optimized chunks e.g. The technique in MARS 9 can be viewed as a SQL Optimization technique since the main optimization occurs after the SQL query is generated from the XML query. This is effectively an optimization problem  , not unlike the query optimization problem in relational databases. In the current implementation we e two-level optimization strategy see section 1 the lower level uses the optimization strateg present in this paper  , while the upper level the oy the in which s that we join order egy. Moreover  , as the semantic information about the database and thus the corresponding space of semantically equivalent queries increases  , the optimization cost becomes comparable to the cost of query execution plan  , and cannot be ignored. For query optimization  , a translation from UnQL to UnCAL is defined BDHS96  , which provides a formal basis for deriving optimization rewrite rules such as pushing selections down. Moreover  , most parallel or distributed query optimization techniques are limited to a heuristic exploration of the search space whereas we provide provably optimal plans for our problem setting. In the following we describe the two major components of our demonstration: 1 the validity range computation and CHECK placement  , and 2 the re-optimization of an example query. 13; however  , since most users are interested in the top-ranking documents only  , additional work may be necessary in order to modify the query optimization step accordingly. In this section  , we propose an object-oriented modeling of search systems through a class hierarchy which can be easily extended to support various query optimization search strategies. We notice that  , using the proposed optimization method  , the query execution time can be significantly improved in our experiments  , it is from 1.6 to 3.9 times faster. Whereas query engines for in-memory models are native and  , thus  , require native optimization techniques  , for triple stores with RDBMS back-end  , SPARQL queries are translated into SQL queries which are optimized by the RDBMS. When existing access structures give only partial support for an operation  , then dynamic optimization must be done to use the structures wisely. An ADT-method approach cannot identify common sub-expressions without inter-function optimization  , let alone take advantage of them to optimize query execution. For multiple queries  , multi-query optimization has been exploited by 11 to improve system throughput in the Internet and by 15 for improving throughput in TelegraphCQ. The novel optimization plan-space includes a variety of correlated and decorrelated executions of each subquery  , using VOLCANO's common sub-expression detection to prevent a blow-up in optimization complexity. The original method  , referred to as query prioritization QP   , cannot be used in our experiments because it is defined as a convex optimization that demands a set of initial judgments for all the queries. Note the importance of separating the optimization time from the execution time in interpreting these results. The diversity of search space is proportional to the number of different optimization rules which executed successfully during optimization. To perform optimization of a computation over a scientific database system  , the optimizer is given an expression consisting of logical operators on bulk data types. In this way  , the longer the optimization time a query is assigned  , the better the quality of the plan will be.2 Complex canned queries have traditionally been assigned high optimization cost because the high cost can be amortized over multiple runs of the queries. Therefore  , some care is needed when adding groupings to order optimization  , as a slowdown of plan generation would be unacceptable . Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , PLASTIC also improves query execution efficiency because optimizers can now always run at their highest optimization level – the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. These five optimization problems have been solved for each of the 25 selected queries and for each run in the set of 30 selected runs  , giving a total of 5×25×30 = 3  , 750 optimization problems. In this section we present an overview of transformation based algebraic query optimization  , and show how the optimization of scientific computations fits into this framework. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. However  , a plan that is optimal can still be chosen as a victim to be terminated and restarted  , 2 dynamic query re-optimization techniques do not typically constrain the number of intermediate results to save and reuse  , and 3 queries are typically reoptimized by invoking the query optimizer with updated information. To tackle the problem  , we clean the graph before using it to compute query dissimilarity. In addition  , we show that incremental computation is possible for certain operations . Recent works have exploited such constraints for query optimization and schema matching purposes e.g. Flexible mechanisms for dynamically adjusting the size of query working spaces and cache areas are in place  , but good policies for online optimization are badly missing. The contributions in SV98 are complementary to our work in this paper. 27  introduces a rank-join operator that can be deployed in existing query execution interfaces. Let V denote the grouping attributes mentioned in the group by clause. We empirically show the benefits of plan refinement and the low overhead it adds to the cost of query optimization. We adopt a two-phase approach HS91 to parallel query optimization: JOQR followed by parallelization. A few proposals exist for evaluating transitive closures in distributed database systems 1 ,9 ,22 . l The image expression may be evaluated several times during the course of the query. Since vague queries occur most often in interactive systems  , short response times are essential. The associated rewrite rules exploit the fact that statements of a sequence are correlated. Section 3 shows that this approach also enables additional query optimization techniques. The implementation appeared to be outside the RDBMS  , however  , and there was not significant discussion of query optimization in this context. In Sections 2–4 we describe the steps of the BHUNT scheme in detail  , emphasizing applications to query optimization. Static shared dataflows We first show how NiagaraCQ's static shared plans are imprecise. This monotonicity declaration is used for conventional query optimization and for improving the user interface. In Section 2  , we model the search space  , which describes the query optimization problem and the associated cost model. The weights for major concepts and the sub concepts are 1.0 and 0.2  , respectively. The speedup is calculated as the query execution time when the optimization is not applied divided by the optimized time. have proposed a strategy for evaluating inductive queries and also a first step in the direction of query optimization. In addition to the usual query parsing  , query plan generation and query parallelization steps  , query optimization must also determine which DOP to choose and on which node to execute the query. It also summarizes related work on query optimization particularly focusing on the join ordering problem. We conclude with a discussion of open problems and future work. An approach to semantic query optimization using a translation into Datalog appears in 13  , 24. We envision three lines of future research. The remaining of this paper is structured as follows. Section 5 describes the impact of RAM incremental growths on the query execution model. Over all of the queries in our experiments the average optimization time was approximately 1/2 second. 10 modeled conditional probability distributions of various sensor attributes and introduced the notion of conditional plans for query optimization with correlated attributes. Moral: AQuery transformations bring substantial performance improvements  , especially when used with cost-based query optimization.   , s ,} The problem of parametric query optimization is to find the parametric optimal set of plans and the region of optimality for each parametric optimal plan. Ten years later  , the search landscape has greatly evolved. First  , our query optimization rules are based on optimizing XPath expressions over SQL/XML and object relational SQL. Furthermore. Schema knowledge is used to rewrite a query into a more efficient one. Next  , we turn our attention to query optimization. The module for query optimization and efficient reasoning is under development. For traditional relational databases  , multiplequery optimization 23 seeks to exhaustively find an optimal shared query plan. We can now formally define the query optimization problem solved in this paper. The second step consists of an optimization and translation phase. Section 4 deals with query evaluation and optimization. The size of our indexes is therefore significant  , and query optimization becomes more complex. The existing optimizers  , eg. query execution time. No term reweighting or query expansion methods were tried. The models and procedures described here are part of the query optimization. Meta query optimization. Whether or not the query can be unnested depends on the properties of the node-set . Several plans are identified and the optimal plan is selected. Section 2 formally defines the parametric query optimization problem and provides background material on polytopes. For more sophisticated rules  , cost functions were needed Sma97  to choose among many alternative query plans. A related approach is multi-query execution rather than optimization. 4.9  , DJ already maintains the minimal value of all primary keys in its own internal statistics for query optimization. In Section 2  , we provide some background information on XML query optimization and the XNav operator. Scientific data is commonly represented as a mesh. Their proposed technique can be independently applied on different parts of the query. sources on sort-merge join "   , and this metalink instance is deemed to have the importance sideway value of 0.8. sources on query optimization is viewing  , learning  , etc. Compiling SQL queries on XML documents presents new challenges for query optimization. Experiment 3 demonstrates how the valid-range can be used for optimization. This function can be easily integrated in the query optimization algorisms Kobayashi 19811. part of the scheduler to do multiple query optimization betwtcn the subqucries. Imposing a uniform limit on hot set size over all queries can be suboptimal. One is based on algebraic simplification of a query and compilr tinlc> heuristics. An experienced searcher was recruited to run the interactive query optimization test. However  , their optimization method is based on Eq. Thirdly  , the relational algebra relies on a simple yet powerful set of mathematical primitives. Figure 4summarizes the query performance for 4 queries of the LUBM. MIRACLE exploits some techniques used by the OR- ACLE Server for the query optimization a rule-based approach and an statistical approach. Section 4 addresses optimization issues in this RAM lower bound context. Second  , they provide more optimization opportunities. 9 exploits XQuery containment for query optimization. We use document-at-a-time scoring  , and explore several query optimization techniques. During the first pass the final output data is requested sorted by time. The mathematical problem formulation is given in Section 3. In the literature  , most researches in distributed database systems have been concentrated on query optimization   , concurrency control  , recovery  , and deadlock handling. In Section 6 we briefly survey the prior work that our system builds upon. We also plan to explore issues of post query optimization such as dynamic reconfiguration of execution plan at run time. In Section 4  , we give an illustrative example to explain different query evaluation strategies that the model offers. Figure 8depicts this optimization based on the XML document and query in Figure 4. The system returned the top 20 document results for each query. Query-performance predictors are used to evaluate the performance of permutations. The compiled query plan is optimized using wellknown relational optimization techniques such as costing functions and histograms of data distributions. If a DataGuide is to be useful for query formulation and especially optimization  , we must keep it consistent when the source database changes. An important optimization technique is to avoid sorting of subcomponents which are removed afterwards due to duplicate elimination. The other set of approaches is classified as loose coupling. Query optimization is a major issue in federated database systems. Since the early stages of relational database development   , query optimization has received a lot of at- tention. The translation and optimization proceeds in three steps. Besides  , in our current setting  , the preference between relevance and freshness is assumed to be only query-dependent. These specific technical problems are solved in the rest of the paper. This is a critical requirement in handling domain knowledge  , which has flexible forms. We examine only points in partitions that could contain points as good as the best solution. DB2 has separate parsers for SQL and XQuery statements   , but uses a single integrated query compiler for both languages. Many sources rank the objects in query results according to how well these objects match the original query. Additionally it can be used to perform other tasks such as query optimization in a distributed environment. The Postgres engine takes advantage of several Periscope/SQ Abstract Data Types ADTs and User-Defined Functions UDFs to execute the query plan. The optimization of Equation 7 is related to set cover  , but not straightforwardly. The Epoq approach to extensible query optimization allows extension of the collection of control strategies that can be used when optimizing a query 14. Above results are just examples from the case study findings to illustrate the potential uses of the proposed method. One important aspect of query optimization is to detect and to remove redundant operations  , i.e. Lots can be explored using me&data such as concept hierarchies  and discovered knowledge. At every region knowledge wurces are act ivatad consecutively completing alternative query evaluation plans. The resultant query tree is then given to the relational optimizer  , which generates the execution plan for the execution engine. The goal of such investigations is es- tablishing equivalent query constructs which is important for optimization. Contributions of R-SOX include: 1. Moreover  , translating a temporal query into a non-temporal one makes it more difficult to apply query optimization and indexing techniques particularly suited for temporal XML documents. Research on query optimization for SPARQL includes query rewriting 9 or basic reordering of triple patterns based on their selectivity 10. In particular  , M3 uses the statistics to estimate the cardinality of both The third strategy  , denoted M3 in what follows  , is a variant of M2 that employs full quad-based query optimization to reach a suitable physical query plan. More precisely  , we demonstrate features related to query rewriting  , and to memory management for large documents. At query optimization time  , the set of candidate indexes desirable for the query are recorded by augmenting the execution plan. Incorporate order in a declarative fashion to a query language using the ASSUMING clause built on SQL 92. Such models can be utilized to facilitate query optimization  , which is also an important topic to be studied. Originally  , query containment was studied for optimization of relational queries 9  , 33 . Suppose we can infer that a query subexpression is guaranteed to be symmetric. query optimization has the goal to find the 'best' query execution plan among all possible plans and uses a cost model to compare different plans. However  , it is important to optimize these tests further using compile-time query optimization techniques. For optimization  , MXQuery only implements a dozen of essential query rewrite rules such as the elimination of redundant sorts and duplicate elimination. Since OOAlgebra resembles the relational algebra   , the familiar relational query optimization techniques can be used. SEMCOG also maintains database statistics for query optimization and query reformulation facilitation. The most expensive lists to look at will be the ones dropped because of optimization. Second  , we describe a novel two-stage optimization technique for parameterized query expansion. The method for weight optimization is the same as that for query section weighting. Similarly   , automatic checking tools face a number of semidecidability or undecidability theoretical results. After rewriting  , the code generator translates the query graphs into C++ code. In fact  , V represents the query-intent relationships  , i.e. The conventional approach to query optimization is to pick a single efficient plan for a query  , based on statistical properties of the data along with other factors such as system conditions. This type of optimization does not require a strong DataGuide and was in fact suggested by NUWC97. In this case we require the optimizer to construct a table of compiled query plans. Section 3.3 describes this optimization. The optimizer's task is the translation of the expression generated by the parser into an equivalent expression that is cheaper to evaluate. For example  , V1 may store some tuples that should not contribute to the query  , namely from item nodes lacking mail descendants. Work on frameworks for providing cost information and on developing cost models for data sources is  , of course  , highly relevant. Enhanced query optimizers have to take conditional coalescing rules into consideration as well. In this method  , subqueries and answers are kept in main memory to reduce costs. This query is a variant of the query used earlier to measure the performance of a sequence scan. During execution of the SQL query  , the nested SE &UIN expression is evaluated just as any other function would be. Note  , however  , that the problem studied here is not equivalent to that of query containment. Well-known query optimization strategies CeP84 push selections down to the leaves of a query tree. It is important to understand the basic differences between our scenario and a traditional centralized setting which also has query operators characterized by costs and selectivities. In contrast to MBIS the schema is not fixed and does not need to be specified  , but is determined by the underlying data sources. In this paper  , we make a first step to consider all phases of query optimization in RDF repositories. Then  , we will investigate on optimization by using in-memory storage for the hash tables  , in order to decrease the query runtimes. The join over the subject variable will be less expensive and the optimization eventually lead to better query performance. A set of cursor options is selected randomly by the query generator. To improve the XML query execution speed  , we extract the data of dblp/inproceedings  , and add two more elements: review and comments. portant drawbacks with lineage for information exchange and query optimization using views. Reordering the operations in a conventional relational DBMS to an equivalent but more efficient form is a common technique in query optimization. We call this the irrelevant index set optimization. The numhcr  , placement  , and effective use of data copies is an important design prohlem that is clearly intcrdcpcndent with query optimization and data allocation. In general  , constraints and other such information should flow across the query optimization interfaces. General query optimization is infeasible. for each distinct value combination of all the possible run-time parameters. Optimization of this query plan presents further difficulties. medium-or coarse-grained locking  , limited support for queries  , views  , constraints  , and triggers  , and weak subsets of SQL with limited query optimization. First  , expressing the " nesting " predicate .. Kim argued that query 2 was in a better form for optimization  , because it allows the optimizer to consider more strategies. The advantages of STAR-based query optimization are detailed in Loh87. Perhaps surprisingly  , transaction rates are not problematic. We used the same computer for all retrieval experiments. 33  proposed an optimization strategy for query expansion methods that are based on term similarities such as those computed based on WordNet. In this section we evaluate the performance of the DARQ query engine. The optimization of the query of Figure 1illustrated this. Section 7 presents our conclusions  , a comparison with related work  , and some directions for future research. The top layer consists of the optimizer/query compiler component. The solution to this problem also has applications in " traditional " query optimization MA83 ,UL82. But  , to our best knowledge  , no commercial RDBMS covers all major aspects of the AP technology. Fernandez and Dan Suciu 13 propose two query optimization techniques to rewrite a given regular path expression into another query that reduces the scope of navigation. This query is optimized to improve execution; currently  , TinyDB only considers the order of selection predicates during optimization as the existing version does not support joins.  For non-recursive data  , DTD-based optimizations can remove all DupElim and hash-based operators. But  , the choice of right index structures was crucial for efficient query execution over large databases. For the purposes of this example we assume that there is a need to test code changes in the optimization rules framework. It is important to point out their connection since semantic query optimization has largely been ignored in view maintenance literature. The stratum approach does not depend on a particular XQuery engine. Database queries are optimized based on cost models that calculate costs for query plans. Lack of Strategies for Applying Possibly Overlapping Optimization Techniques. So  , the query offers opportunities for optimization. Note that the query is not optimized consecutively otherwise it is no different from existing techniques. Furthermore  , the rules discovered can be used for querying database knowledge  , cooperative query answering and semantic query optimization. TTnfortllllat.ely  , query optimization of spatial data is different from that of heterogeneous databases because of the cost function. That means the in memory operation account for significant part in the evaluation cost and requires further work for optimization. This is an open question and may require further research. The query is then passed on to Postgres for relational optimization and execution . Optimization is done by evaluating query fimess after each round of mutations and selecting the " most fit " to continue to the next generation. An optimization available on megaplans is to coalesce multiple query plans into a single composite query plan. The rule/goal graph approach does not take advantage of existing DBMS optimization. To select query terms  , the document frequencies of terms must be established to compute idf s before signature file access. In the current version of IRO-DB  , the query optimizer applies simple heuristics to detach subqueries that are sent to the participating systems. Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources.  the query optimization problem under the assumption that each call to a conjunctive solver has unit cost and that the only set operation allowed is union. Most important is the development of effective and realistic cost functions for inductive query evaluation and their use in query optimization. The first optimization is to suggest associated popular query terms to the user corresponding to a search query. However  , we believe that the optimization of native SPARQL query engines is  , nevertheless   , an important issue for an efficient query evaluation on the Semantic Web. Thus  , optimization may reduce the space requirements to Se114 of the nonoptimized case  , where Se1 is the selectivity factor of the query. the resulting query plan can be cached and re-used exactly the way conventional query plans are cached. Extended Datalog is a query language enabling query optimization but it does not have the full power of a programming language.  Order-Preserving Degree OPD: This metric is tailored to query optimization and measures how well Comet preserves the ordering of query costs. We continue with another iteration of query optimization and data allocation to see if a better solution can be found. SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. The X-axis shows the number of levels of nesting in each query  , while the Y-axis shows the query execution time. However  , a clever optimization of interpreted techniques known as query/sub-query has been developped at ECRC Vieille86 . 4  , 5 proposed using statistics on query expressions to facilitate query optimization. This capability is crucial for many different data management tasks such as data modeling   , data integration  , query formulation  , query optimization  , and indexing. Likewise query rewrite and optimization is more complex for XML queries than for relational queries. We also briefly discuss how the expand operator can be used in query optimization when there are relations with many duplicates. Therefore  , many queries execute selection operations on the base relations before executing other  , more complex operations. In 13   , the query containment problem under functional dependencies and inclusion dependencies is studied. In 22   , a scheme for utilizing semantic integrity constraints in query optimization  , using a graph theoretic approach  , is presented. Users do not have to possess knowledge about the database semantics  , and the query optimieer takes this knowledge into account to generate Semantic query optimization is another form of automated programming. Thus  , cost functions used by II heavily influence what remote servers i.e. However  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. The proposed method yielded two major innovations: inclusive query planning  , and query optimization. We can see that the transformation times for optimized queries increase with query complexity from around 300 ms to 2800ms. To reduce execution costs we introduced basic query optimization for SPARQL queries. In query optimization mode  , BHUNT automatically partitions the data into " normal " data and " exception " data. Relational query optimization  , however  , impacts XQuery semantics and introduces new challenges. Another approach to extensible query optimization using the rules of a grammar to construct query plans is described in Lo88. On the other hand  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. We have generalized the notion of convex sets or version spaces to represent sets of higher dimensions. This includes the grouping specified by the group by clause of the query  , if any exists.  A thread added to lock one of the two involved tables If the data race happens  , the second query will use old value in query cache and return wrong value while not aware of the concurrent insert from another client. Our experiments show that query-log alone is often inadequate  , combining query-logs  , web tables and transitivity in a principled global optimization achieves the best performance. The well-known inherent costs of query optimization are compounded by the fact that a query submitted to the database system is typically optimized afresh  , providing no opportunity to amortize these overheads over prior optimizations . The inclusive query planning idea is easier to exploit since its outcome  , the representation of the available query tuning space  , can also be exploited in experiments on best-match IR systems. But in parametric query optimization  , we need to handle cost functions in place of costs  , and keep track of multiple plans  , along with their regions of optimality  , for each query/subexpression. At query execution time  , when the actual parameter values are known  , an appropriate plan can be chosen from the set of candidates  , which can be much faster than reoptimizing the query. For each relation in a query  , we record one possible transmission between the relation and the site of every other relation in the query  , and an additional transmission to the query site. Query compilation produces a single query plan for both relational and XML data accesses  , and the overall query tree is optimized as a whole.  Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. The query optimizer shuffles operators around in the query tree to produce a faster execution plan  , which may evaluate different parts of the query plan in any order considered to be correct from the relational viewpoint. As the accuracy of any query optimizer is dependent on the accuracy of its statistics  , for this application we need to accurately estimate both the segment and overall result selectivities. Consequently  , all measurements reported here are for compiled query plan execution i.e. Figure 5shows the DAG that results from binary scoring assuming independent predicate scoring for the idf scores of the query in Figure 3. Hence the discussion here outlines techniques that allow us to apply optimizations to more queries. The conventional approach to query optimization is to examine each query in isolation and select the execution plan with the minimal cost based on some predcfincd cost flmction of I0 and CPU requirements to execute the query S&79. Note that our optimization techniques will never generate an incorrect query — they will either not apply in which case we will generate the naive query or they will apply and will generate a query expected to be more efficient than the naive query. If alternative QGM representations are plausible depending upon their estimated cost  , then all such alternative QGMs are passed to Plan Optimization to be evaluated  , joined by a CHOOSE operator which instructs the optimizer to pick the least-cost alternative. Further  , the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. The optimization prohlem then uses the response time from the queueing model to solve for an improved solution. Yet another important advantage is that the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. As optimizers based on bottom-up Zou97  , HK+97  , JMP97 and top-down Ce96  , Gra96 search strategies are both extensible Lo88  , Gra95 and in addition the most frequently used in commercial DBMSs  , we have concentrated our research on the suitability of these two techniques for parallel query optimization. In Tables 8 and 9 we do not see any improvement in preclslon at low recall as the optimization becomes more aggressive. Once we have added appropriate indexes and statistics to our graph-based data model  , optimizing the navigational path expressions that form the basis of our query language does resemble the optimization problem for path expressions in object-oriented database systems  , and even to some extent the join optimization problem in relational systems. In this paper  , we present a new architecture for query optimization  , based on a blackbonrd xpprowh  , which facilitates-in combination with a building block  , bottom-up arrscrnbling approach and early aqxeasiruc~~l. Although catalog management schemes are of great practical importance with respect to the site auton- omy 14  , query optimization 15  , view management l  , authorization mechanism 22   , and data distribution transparency 13  , the performance comparison of various catalog management schemes has received relatively little attention 3  , 181. Using the QGM representation of the query as input  , Plan Optimization then generates and models the cost of alternative plans  , where each plan is a procedural sequence of LOLEPOPs for executing the query. Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. Some of the issues to consider are: isolation levels repeatable read  , dirty read  , cursor stability  , access path selection table scan  , index scan  , index AND/ORing MHWC90  , Commit_LSN optimization Mohan90b  , locking granularity record  , page  , table  , and high concurrency as a query optimization criterion. The optimization techniques being currently implemented in our system are : the rewriting of the FT 0 words into RT o   , a generalization of query modification in order to minimize the number of transitions appearing in the query PCN  , the transformation of a set of database updates into an optimized one as SellisgS does  , and the " push-up " of the selections. -The optimizer can use the broad body of knowledge developed for the optimization of relational calculus and relational algebra queries see  JaKo85  for a survey and further literature. second optimization in conjunction with uces the plan search space by using cost-based heuristics. Let us mathematically formulate the problem of multi-objective optimization in database retrieval and then consider typical sample applications for information systems: Multi-objective Retrieval: Given a database between price  , efficiency and quality of certain products have to be assessed  Personal preferences of users requesting a Web service for a complex task have to be evaluated to select most appropriate services Also in the field of databases and query optimization such optimization problems often occur like in 22 for the choice of query plans given different execution costs and latencies or in 19 for choosing data sources with optimized information quality. The optimization problem can be solved by employing existing optimization techniques  , the computation details of which  , though tedious  , are rather standard and will not be presented here. It is not our goal in this paper to analyze optimization techniques for on-disk models and  , hence  , we are not going to compare inmemory and on-disk models. Queries over Changing Attributes -The attributes involved in optimization queries can vary based on the iteration of the query. In this paper we present a general framework to model optimization queries. As such  , the framework can be used to measure page access performance associated with using different indexes and index types to answer certain classes of optimization queries  , in order to determine which structures can most effectively answer the optimization query type. Each query was executed in three ways: i using a relational database to store the Web graph  , ii using the S-Node representation but without optimization  , and iii using S- Node with cluster-based optimization. The purpose of this example is not to define new optimization heuristics or propose new optimization strategies. Formulation A There are 171 separate optimization problems  , each one identical to the traditional  , nonparametric case with a different F vector: VP E  ?r find SO E S s.t. However  , the discussion of optimization using a functional or text index is beyond the scope of this paper. The leftmost point is for pure IPC and the rightmost for pure OptPFD. Our optimization strategies are provably good in some scenarios  , and serve as good heuristics for other scenarios where the optimization problem is NP-hard. In addition to considering when such views are usable in evaluating a query  , they suggest how to perform this optimization in a cost-based fashion. The results also shows how our conservative local heuristic sharply reduces the overhead of optimization under varying distributions. However   , the materialized views considered by all of the above works are traditional views expressed in SQL. Note that even our recipes that do not exploit this optimization outperform the optimized VTK program and the optimized SQL query. Some of the papers on query evaluation mentioned in section 4.2 consider this problem. Concerning query optimization  , existing approaches  , such as predicate pushdown U1188 and pullup HS93  , He194  , early and late aggregation c.f. Putting these together   , the ADT-method approach is unable to apply optimization techniques that could result in overall performance improvements of approximately two orders of magnitude! Traditional query optimization uses an enumerative search strategy which considers most of the points in the solution space  , but tries to reduce the solution space by applying heuristics. We have chosen not do use dynamic optimization to avoid high overhead of optimization at runtime. Our approach exploits knowledge from different areas and customizes these known concepts to the needs of the object-oriented data models. The major contribution of this paper is an extension of SA called Toured Simulated Annealing TSA  , to better deal with parallel query optimization. In this way  , after two optimization calls we obtain both the best hypothetical plan when all possible indexes are present and the best " executable " plan that only uses available indexes. We describe our evaluation below  , including the platform on which we ran our experiments  , the test collections and query sets used  , the performance measured. In the following  , we focus on such an instantiation   , namely we employ as optimization goal the coverage of all query terms by the retrieved expert group. In this optimization  , we transform the QTree itself. Our ideas are implemented in the DB2 family. We performed experiments to 1 validate our design choices in the physical implementation and 2 to determine whether algebraic optimization techniques could improve performance over more traditional solutions. Since the execution space is the union of the exccution spaces of the equivalent queries  , we can obtain the following simple extension to the optimization al- gorithm: 1. In the next Section we discuss the problem of LPT query optimization where we import the polynomial time solution for tree queries from Ibaraki 841 to this general model of  ,optimization. This is necessary to allow for both extensibility and the leverage of a large body of related earlier work done by the database research community. The second issue  , the optimization of virtual graph patterns inside an IMPRECISE clause  , can be addressed with similarity indexes to cache repeated similarity computations—an issue which we have not addressed so far. The goal is to keep the number of records Note that optimizing a query by transforming one boolean qualification into another one is a dynamic optimization that should be done in the user-to- LSL translator. It is the translator  , not the LSL interpreter  , which can easily view the entire boolean qualification so as to make such an optimization. The results with and without the pipelining optimization are shown in Figure 17. Besides these works on optimizer architectures  , optimization strategies for both traditional and " nextgeneration " database systems are being developed. This makes the framework appropriate for applications and domains where a number of different functions are being optimized or when optimization is being performed over different constrained regions and the exact query parameters are not known in advance. In summary  , navigation profiles offer significant opportunities for optimization of query execution  , regardless of whether the XML view is defined by a standard or by the application. This example illustrates the applicability of algebraic query optimization to real scientific computations  , and shows that significant performance improvements can result from optimization. Experimental results have shown that the costs for order optimization can have a large impact on the total costs of query optimization 3. Parallel optimization is made difficult by the necessary trade-off between optimization cost and quality of the generated plans the latter translates into query execution cost. In Section 3  , we show how our query and optimization engine are used in BBQ to answer a number of SQL queries  , 2 Though these initial observations do consume some energy up-front  , we will show that the long-run energy savings obtained from using a model will be much more significant. The basic idea behind our approach is similar in spirit to the one proposed by Hammcr5 and KingS for knowledge-based query optimization  , in the sense that we are also looking for optimization by semantic transformation. Other types of optimizations such as materialized view selection or multi-query optimization are orthogonal to scan-related performance improvements and are not examined in this paper. The horizontal optimization specializes the case rules of a typeswitch expression with respect to the possible types of the operand expression. This optimization problem is NP-hard  , which can be proved by a reduction from the Multiway Cut problem 3 . What differentiates MVPP optimization with traditional heuristic query optimization is that in an MVPP several queries can share some After each MVPP is derived  , we have to optimize it by pushing down the select and project operations as far as possible. The relation elimination proposed by Shenoy and Ozsoyoglu SO87 and the elimination of an unnecessary join described by Sun and Yu SY94 are very similar to the one that we use in our transformations. 11 ,12 a lot of research on query optimization in the context of databases and federated information systems. The introduction of an ER schema for the database improves the optimization that can be performed on GraphLog queries for example  , by exploiting functional dependencies as suggested in 25  , This means that the engineer can concentrate on the correct formulation of the query and rely on automatic optimization techniques to make it execute efficiently. For practical reasons we limited the scalability and optimization research to full text information re-trieval IR  , but we intend to extent the facilities to full fledged multimedia support. This gives the opportunity of performing an individual  , " customized " optimization for both streams. This study has also been motivated by recent results on flexible buffer allocation NFSSl  , FNSSl. We use the log-likelihood LL and the Kolmogorov-Smirnov distance KS-distance 8 to evaluate the goodness-of-fit of and . In general  , a better fit corresponds to a bigger LL and/or a smaller KS-distance. The criterion used to1 detect this phenomena comes from the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 13. A more difficult bias usually causes a greater proportion of features to fail KS. The tasks compared the result 'click' distributions where the length of the summary was manipulated. D is the maximum vertical deviation as computed by the KS test. In all cases  , the PL hypothesis provides a p-value much lower than 0.1 our choice of the significance level of the KS-test. The HEC utilizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test to determine the compactness of a data cluster 13  , and decide if a node should be divided mitosis to better model what might be two different clusters. Moreover  , two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test of the samples in the two groups indicates that the difference of the two groups is statistically significant . Their methods automatically estimate the scaling parameter s  , by selecting the fit that minimizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS D − statistic. To answer RQ1  , for each action ID we split the observed times in two context groups  , which correspond to different sets of previous user interactions  , and run the two-sample twosided Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 14 to determine whether the observed times were drawn from the same distribution. Tague and Nelson 16 validated whether the performance of their generated queries was similar to real queries across the points of the precision-recall graph using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS Test. It reaches a maximum MRR of 0.879 when trained with 6 data sources and then saturates  , retaining almost the same MRR for higher number of training data sources used. 3 These judgements were analysed with the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov test KS test to determine whether two given samples follow the same distribution 15. Similar to the Mann-Whitney test  , it does not assume normal distributions of the population and works well on samples with unequal sizes. The KS test is slightly more powerful than the Mann-Whitney's U test in the sense that it cares only about the relative distribution of the data and the result does not change due to transformations applied to the data. While this difference is visually apparent  , we also ensure it is statistically significant using two methods: 1 the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test  , and 2 a permutation test  , to verify that the two samples are drawn from different probability distributions. We also considered the two-sample Kolmogorov -Smirnov KS Test 6  , a non-parametric test that tests if the two samples are drawn from the same distribution by comparing the cumulative distribution functions CDF of the two samples. The null hypothesis states that the observed times were drawn from the same distribution  , which means that there is no context bias effect. We have thus demonstrated how the Kolmogorov- Smirnov Test may be used in identifying the proportion of features which are significantly different within two data samples. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. When an application initializes Comm- Lib  , it automatically initiates an instance of ServiceX. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. Lib exposes a public API  , createSocket  , which constructs Socket objects on behalf of its clients. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection  , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. Working versions are contained in libraries whose names consist of Xlib   , and the corresponding systems versions are found in <lib . SPL-programs for example are found in the libraries XSPL and SPL. The application runs from the command line. Daikon 4.6.4 is an invariant generator http://pag.csail.mit.edu/daikon/. To prevent its clients now on the stack from requiring the relevant FilePermission—which a maliciously crafted client could misuse to erase the contents Classes Permissions Enterprise School Lib Priv java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com:80"  , "connect" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu:80"  , "connect" java.io. FilePermission "C:/log.txt"  , "write" Upon constructing a Socket  , Lib logs the operation to a file. LIB is similar in spirit to IDF and its value represents the discriminative power of the term when it appears in a document. By emphasizing the discriminative power specificity of a term  , LIB reduces weights of terms commonly shared by unrelated documents  , leading to fewer of these documents being grouped together smaller false positive and higher precision. The first Col/Lib and second Loc columns give information about the name of the collection and their location. The evaluation results are presented in Table 3. For evaluation purposes  , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. The above equation gives the amount of information a term conveys in a document regardless of its semantic direction . We used the reference linking API to analyze D-Lib articles. com/p/plume-lib/  , downloaded on Feb. 3  , 2010. Avatar assistant robot  , which can be controlled remotely by a native teacher  , animates the 3D face model with facial expression and lib-sync for remote user's voice. With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. The approach is evaluated on four open source applica- tions: Neuroph  , WURFL  , Joda-Time  , and Json-lib. Querying Google with the LS returns 11 documents  , none of which is the DLI2 homepage. have been generated based on keyword and document semantic proximities 7. Annotations made in the reader are automatically stored in the same Up- Lib repository that stores the image and text projections. Additionally  , we use the keyboard to allow for the entrance of data. The first column contains the collection names from ten university libraries. The default resolution of symbols is to routines in the library itself. For thrift-lib-w2-5t  , although HaPSet checked 14 runs  , it actually spent more time than what DPOR spent on checking 23 runs. These environments are dominated by issues of software construction. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. The DMG-Lib concept and workflow takes into account that technical knowledge exists in different forms e.g. The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. These animations are augmenting original figures and can be displayed in the e-book pages with an integrated Java Applet. Lib instances. At run time  , the two clients will require SocketPermissions to resolve the names and connect to ports 80 of hosts ibm.com and vt.edu  , respectively. The larger the LIB  , the more information the term contributes to the document and should be weighted more heavily in the document representation . The two are related quantities with different focuses. Here thrift-lib-w2-5t  , for example  , stands for the test case with 2 worker threads and 5 tasks per worker. This scanner then adds supported document types that it finds to a specified instance of an Up- Lib repository. texts  , pictures and physical models see Figure1 and requires analytical  , graphical and physical forms of representation. lib " represents the library from which the manuscript contained in the image originates and can be one of eight labels: i AC -The Allan and Maria Myers Academic Centre  , University of Melbourne  , Australia. A limitation of the case studies is that all the applications and components used were software developed by ABB Inc. involving .lib library files. Our first corpus contained the complete runs of the ACM International Conference on Digital Libraries and the JCDL conference  , and the complete run of D-Lib Magazine see Table  2. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . Hence  , it helped improve precision-oriented effectiveness. {10} {1 ,2 ,7 ,10}{1 ,2 ,3 ,7 ,8 ,10} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,7 ,8 ,92 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Description ,Library {9} {4 ,6 ,9} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Even if the indexing phase is correct  , certain documents may not have been indexed under all the conditions that could apply to them. To better understand the motion of figured mechanisms and machines DMG-Lib can animate selected figures within e-books. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: The reference can be obtained using the library pathname. In the CLR  , the privilege-asserting API is Assert. of the file or log false information in it—Lib creates an instance of Priv and passes it to doPrivileged  , the Java privilege-asserting API 6  , which modifies the stack-inspection mechanism as follows: at run time  , doPrivileged invokes the run method of that Priv object  , and when the stack inspection is performed to verify that each caller on the stack has been granted the necessary FilePermission  , the stack walk recognizes the presence of doPrivileged and stops at createSocket  , without demanding the FilePermission of the clients of Lib. These 690 requests were targeting 30 of our 541 monitored shells  , showing that not all homephoning shells will eventually be accessed by attackers. The remaining columns show the performance of each method  , including the number of interleavings tested and the run time in seconds. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l The mechanisms communicate with each other by a simple structure  , the file system. More than 3800 text documents  , 1200 descriptions of mechanisms and machines  , 540 videos and animations and 180 biographies of people in the domain of mechanism and machine science are available in the DMG- Lib in January 2009 and the collection is still growing. LIF  , on the other hand  , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . Library means that the library has created its own digitized or born-digital material. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed control method for the exoskeleton  , upper-lib motion assist bower assist experiment has be& carried out with tbree healthy human subjects Subject A and B are 22 years old males  , Subject C is 23 years old male. Segmentation of the gait cycle based on the lib-terrain interaction isolates portions of the gait bounce signal with high information content. The experimental setup is shown in Fig. Subsequently  , each block is sorted according to geographical location second column  , value: Loc  , and finally  , the collections or the libraries first column  , value: Col/Lib are ordered alphabetically for each geographical location. Library and owners can appear as value Lib  , Own  , if both the library and the owners require written permission. This is because not all these 14 runs are included in the 23 runs; and each run may execute a different set of statements and therefore may take a different amount of time. 12 Although the most recent version of the application profile  , from September 2004 13  , retains the prohibition on role refinement of <dc:creator>  , the efforts the DC- Lib group made to find some mechanism for communicating this information supports the view that role qualification is considered important. In light of TF*IDF  , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. Whereas LIF well supported recall  , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin  , particularly in terms of purity  , precision  , and rand index. Unfortunately  , this effort has not been continued. We have implemented the lazy  , schedule recording  , and UW approaches described in Section 3 in our ESBMC tool that supports the SMT logics QF AUFBV and QF AUFLIRA as specified in the SMT-LIB 27. Not surprisingly  , there was very little consistency among data providers on the syntax of role pseudo-qualifiers. The other methods such as LIF and LIB*TF emphasize term frequency in each document and  , with the ability to associate one document to another by assigning term weights in a less discriminative manner  , were able to achieve better recalls. . This allows the user to fluidly read and annotate documents without having to manage annotated files or explicitly save changes. Library means that the copyright of the material is owned by the organization that the library belongs to  , and is administered by the library. Since NCSTRL+ can access other Dienst collections we can extend searches to all of NCSTRL  , CoRR  , and D-Lib Magazine as well. In this section  , we show how to conclude the construction of M Imp by incorporating the assumption PAs into M Exp . In each set of experiments presented here  , best scores in each metric are highlighted in bold whereas italic values are those better than TF*IDF baseline scores. The search result for a single query from the ad-hoc task is a list of structured data; each contains a web TREC-ID and the extracted main body of content. The NCSTRL+ DL interface is based on our extensions to the Dienst protocol to provide a testbed for experimentation with buckets  , clusters  , and interoperability. Some general rules for the handling of digitized and born-digital material can be derived from Table 1and its discussion  , showing that there is a variety of arrangements depending on ownership of the material and its copyright. As a demonstration of the viability of the proposed methodology  , SKSs for a number of communities the Los Alamos National Laboratory's LANL Research Library http://lib-www.lanl.gov/. The multimedia collection consists of e-books  , pictures  , videos and animations. This can be considered as 100 lockable objects in the LIB-system  , or alternatively  , these 100 objects can be regarded as the highly active part of the CB-system catalog data  , access path data  , . It is useful to think of these segments as motion primitives  , which are typically defined in relation to terrain interaction.  Retrieve and apply updates for synchronization: updates can also be represented using in-memory objects  , files and tables. Sample Code Figure 1shows the Java code of two library classes  , Lib and Priv  , and two client classes  , Enterprise and School. We derive two basic quanti-ties  , namely LI Binary LIB and LI Frequency LIF  , which can be used separately or combined to represent documents. Information on the data structure  , functions  , and function calling relationships of the source code is stored in the binary files according to pre-defined formats  , such as Common Object File Format COFF 5 33  , so that an external system is able to find and call the functions in the corresponding code sections. Related to this effort  , the D-Lib Working Group on Digital Library Metrics 2 was formed and was involved in the organisation of a workshop 3 in 1998  , which addressed several aspects of DL evaluation. As mentioned earlier  , since these URLs  , e.g. gc ,template will not have side-effects on the database  , so the entire computation can be rolled back if desired. In Java and the CLR  , access control is based on stack inspection 6 : when a security-sensitive operation is performed   , all the methods currently on the stack are checked to see if their classes have been granted the relevant permission . There are many studies of users of digital libraries and collections 1 and a great deal of work on evaluating digital libraries for examples  , see issues of D-Lib at http://www.dlib.org/ and Chris Neuhaus's bibliography http://www.uni.edu/neuhaus/digitalbibeval.html  , but we did not find studies of null searches to identify collections gaps in order to develop user-centered collections.