There are workloads that are very sensitive to changes of the DMP. Consequently   , the DMP method cannot react to dynamic changes of the mix of transactions that constitute the current load. However  , this extended method makes the problem of finding the optimal combination of DMP values even trickier and ultimately unmanageable for most human administrators. The bottom line is that the DMP method is inappropriate as a load control method that can safely avoid DC thrashing in systems with complex  , temporally changing  , highly diverse  , or simply unpredictable workloads. In addition  , application programs are typically highly tuned in performance-critical applications e.g. Note  , however  , that  , in contrast to group commit  , our method does not impose any delays on transaction commits other than the log I/O Itself. In practice  , DC thrashing is probably infrequent because the limitation of the DMP acts as a load control method. Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. The term "Genetic Programming" was first introduced by Koza 12 and it enables a computer to do useful things by automatic programming. However  , whether the balance can be achieved by genetic programming used by GenProg has still been unknown so far. The problems all shared a common set of primitives. GGGP is an extension of genetic programming. The core of this engine is a machine learning technique called Genetic Programming GP. Given a problem  , the basic idea behind genetic programming 18 is to generate increasingly better solutions of the given problem by applying a number of genetic operators to the current population . Compared to random search  , genetic programming used by GenProg can be regard as efficient only when the benefit in terms of early finding a valid patches with fewer number of patch trials  , brought by genetic programming  , has the ability of balancing the cost of fitness evaluations  , caused by genetic programming itself. Communication fitness for controller of Figure  93503 for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. In Section 2  , we provide background information on term-weighting components and genetic programming. l   , who used genetic programming to evolve control programs for modular robots consisting of sliding-style modules 2  , 81. al. Several program repair approaches assume the existence of program specification. First  , the initial population is generated  , and then genetic operators  , such as Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. One of the key problems of genetic programming is that it is a nondeterministic procedure. These primitives were d e signed to aid genetic programming in finding a solution and either encapsulated problem specific information or low-level information that was thought to be helpful for obtaining a solution. In this paper  , however  , we plan to further investigate whether genetic programming used by GenProg has the better performance over random search  , when the actual evolutionary search has started to work. Determining which information to add was the result of parallel attempts to examine the unsuccessful results produced by the genetic programming and attempts to hand code problem solutions. We defer discussing the possible reason to Section 6. In this paper  , we try to investigate the two questions via the performance comparison between genetic programming and random search. One novel part of our work is that we use a Genetic Programming GP based technique called ARRANGER Automatic geneRation of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming to discover ranking functions automatically Fan 2003a. Ranking functions usually could not work consistently well under all situations. We compared EAGLE with its batch learning counterpart. Other researchers used classifier systems 17  or genetic programming paradigm 3  to approach the path planning problem. RQ2 is designed to answer the question. proposed GenProg  , an automatic patch generation technique based on genetic programming. In Section 3  , we present our Combined Component Approach for similarity calculation. Individuals in the new generation are produced based on those in the current one. 19  select ranking functions using genetic programming   , maximizing the average precision on the training data. GP maintains a population of individual programs. Individuals in a new generation are produced based on those in the previous one. The entity resolution ER problem see 14 ,3  for surveys shares many similarities with link discovery. An individual represents a tentative solution for the target problem. We are not surprised for this experimental results. 17  propose matching ads with a function generated by learning the impact of individual features using genetic programming. This approach randomly mutates buggy programs to generate several program variants that are possible patch candidates. The 'Initial Repair' heading reports timing information for the genetic programming phase and does not include the time for repair minimization. for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. collision avoidance as well as helping achieve the overall task. 7  proposed a new approach to automatically generate term weighting strategies for different contexts  , based on genetic programming GP. Interested readers can reference that paper or  The details of our system and methodology for Genetic Programming GP are discussed in our Robust track paper. Generate an initial population of random compositions of the functions and terminals of the problem solutions. GP is expansion of GA in order to treat structural representation. As our time and human resources were limited for taking two tasks simultaneously  , in this task we only concentrate on testing our ranking function discovery technique  , ARRANGER Automatic Rendering of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming Fan 2003a  , Fan 2003b  , which uses Genetic Programming GP to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for various information needs. Given the problem  , RQ1 asks whether genetic programming used by GenProg works well to benefit the generation of valid patches. Although promising results have been shown in their work  , the problem of whether the promising results are caused by genetic programming or just because the used mutation operations are very effective is still not be addressed. Genetic Programming GP 14 is a Machine Learning ML technique that helps finding good answers to a given problem where the search space is very large and when there is more than one objective to be accomplished. Also  , the work in 24  applies Genetic Programming to learn ranking functions that select the most appropriate ads. The experimental results show that the matching function outperforms the best method in 21 in finding relevant ads. We also compared our method with genetic programming based repair techniques. Genetic programming approaches support more complex repairs but rely on heuristics and hence lack these important properties. In Genetic Programming  , a large number of individuals  , called a population  , are maintained at each generation. Genetic Programming searches for the " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. Our first approach extends a state-of-the-art tag recommender based on Genetic Programming to include novelty and diversity metrics both as attributes and in the objective function 1. Genetic Programming searches for an " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. Koza applied GP Genetic Programming to automatic acquisition of subsum tion architecture to perform wall-following behavior  ?2. Given that genetic programming is non-deterministic  , all results presented below are the means of 5 runs. Each experiment was ran on a single thread of a server running JDK1.7 on Ubuntu 10.0.4 and was allocated maximally 2GB of RAM. We also employed GenProg to repair the bugs in Coreutils. Learning approaches based on genetic programming have been most frequently used to learn link specifications 5 ,15 ,17. In addition  , it usually requires a large training data set to detect accurate solutions. Another genetic programming-based approach to link discovery is implemented in the SILK framework 15. Genetic ProgrammingGP is the method of learning and inference using this tree-based representation". Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , overtraining is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. Finally  , we applied data mining DM techniques based on grammar-guided genetic programming GGGP to create reference models useful for defining population groups. The average time required by SEMFIX for each repair is less than 100 seconds. This confirms that if the repair expression does not exist in other places of the program  , genetic programming based approaches have rather low chance of synthesizing the repair. There has also been work on synthesizing programs that meet a given specification. These functions are discovered using genetic programming GP and a state-of-the-art classifier optimumpath forest OPF 3  , 4. We use genetic programming to evolve program variants until one is found that both retains required functionality and also avoids the defect in question. A framework for tackling this problem based on Genetic Programming has been proposed and tested. In this paper we presented EAGLE  , an active learning approach for genetic programming that can learn highly accurate link specifications. The following experiments were run by connecting FX- PAL'S genetic programming system to a modular robot simulator  , built by J. Kubica and S. Vassilvitskii. Active learning approaches based on genetic programming adopt a comitteebased setting to active learning. As the planning motion  , we give this system vertical movement and one step walk. Sims studied on co-evolution of motion controller and morphology of rirtual creatures 3. All the experiments were conducted on a Core 2 Quad 2.83GHz CPU  , 3GB memory computer with Ubuntu 10.04 OS. The classifier uses these similarity functions to decide whether or not citations belong to a same author. To this purpose we have proposed randomized procedures based on genetic programming or simulated annealing 8  , 9. Subsequently  , we give some insight in active learning and then present the active learning model that underlies our work. GP is a machine learning technique inspired by biological evolution to find solutions optimized for certain problem characteristics. The main inconvenient of this approach is that it is not deterministic. Using an error situation obtained with the sampled parameters  , a fitness unction based on the allowed recovery criteria can be defined. We used strongly typed genetic programming The specific primitives added for each problem are discussed with setup of the the initial population  , results of crossover and mutation  , and subtrees created during mutation respectively . The three most common and most important methods are: Genetic programming applies a number of different possible conditions to the best solutions to create the next generation of solutions. The goal of grammarguided genetic programming is to solve the closure problem 7. External validity is concerned with generalization. Other approaches based on genetic programming e.g. Although they also used genetic programming  , their evaluation was limited to small programs such as bubble sorting and triangle classification  , while our evaluation includes real bugs in open source software. The 'Time' column reports the wall-clock average time required for a trial that produced a primary repair. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , over-training is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. With this system  , we simulate motion generation hierarchically for six legged locomotion robot using Genetic Programming. Here  , the mappings are discovered by using a genetic programming approach whose fitness function is set to a PFM. Supervised batch learning approaches for learning such classifiers must rely on large amounts of labeled data to achieve a high accuracy. This paper has reported our initial experiments aimed at investigating whether evolutionary programming  , and genetic programming in particular can evolve multiple robot controllers that utilise communication to improve their ability to collectively perform a task. Answer for RQ1: In our experiment  , for most programs 23/24  , random search used by RSRepair performs better in terms of requiring fewer patch trials to search a valid patch than genetic programming used by GenProg  , regardless of whether genetic programming really starts to work see Figure 1 or not. For the representation problem  , GenProg represents each candidate patch as the Abstract Syntax Tree AST of the patched program. They doubted that the promising results may not be brought by genetic programming used by GenProg  , because the patch search problem can be easy when random search would have likely yielded similar results. With the hypothesis that some missed important functionalities may occur in another position in the same program  , GenProg attempts to automatically repair defective program with genetic programming 38. Then  , in this subsection we plan to investigate to what extent genetic programming used by GenProg worsens the repair efficiency over random search used by RSRepair. " Genetic programming GP is a computational method inspired by biological evolution  , which discovers computer programs tailored to a particular task 19. Our classification approach combines a genetic programming GP framework  , which is used to define suitable reference similarity functions   , with the Optimum-Path Forest OPF classifier  , a graph-based approach that uses GP-based edge weights to assign input references to the correct authors. As we can see  , Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space. To give proper answers for these questions  , we propose a new approach to content-targeted advertising based on Genetic Programming GP. We show how the discovery of link specifications can consequently be modeled as a genetic programming problem. sKDD transforms the original numerical temporal sequences into symbolic sequences  , defines a symbolic isokinetics distance SID that can be used to compare symbolic isokinetics sequences   , and provides a method  , SYRMO  , for creating symbolic isokinetics reference models using grammar-guided genetic programming. We developed a genetic programming approach to finding consensus structural motifs in a set of RNA sequences known to be functionally related. Both GenProg and Par use the same fault localization technique to locate faulty statements  , and genetic programming to guide the patch search  , but differ in the concrete mutation operations. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 18. Their approach relies on formal specifications  , which our approach does not require. Recent work has addressed this drawback by relying on active learning  , which was shown in 15 to reduce the amount of labeled data needed for learning link specifications. For example   , the approach presented in 5 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. In this paper we have introduced a new approach based on the combination of term weighting components  , extracted from well-known information retrieval ranking formulas  , using genetic programming. Genetic Programming has been widely used and approved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management. Genetic Programming shows its sharp edge in solving such kind of problems  , since its internal tree structure representation for " individuals " can be perfectly used for describing ranking functions. Section 2 of the paper gives an overview of the I4 Intelligent Interpretation of Isokinetics Information system  , of which this research is part. A follow-up work 13 proposes a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function. Guided by genetic programming  , GenProg has the ability to repair programs without any specification  , and GenProg is commonly considered to open a new research area of general automated program repair 26  , 20  , although there also exists earlier e.g. Construct validity threats concern the appropriateness of the evaluation measurement. GP makes it possible to solve complex problems for which conventional methods can not find an answer easily. In a follow-up work 7 the authors propose a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function.   , but none of these strategies reaches the level of applicability and the speed of execution of random testing. Our technique takes as input a program  , a set of successful positive testcases that encode required program behavior  , and a failing negative testcase that demonstrates a defect. In order to answer these questions  , we choose ARRANGER – a Genetic Programming-based discovery engine 910 to perform the ranking function tuning. Genetic Programming has been widely used and proved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management 119. As we have formalized link specifications as trees  , we can use Genetic Programming GP to solve the problem of finding the most appropriate complex link specification for a given pair of knowledge bases. This approach is yet a batch learning approach and it consequently suffers of drawbacks of all batch learning approaches as it requires a very large number of human annotations to learn link specifications of a quality comparable to that of EAGLE. The robot modules we consider are the TeleCube modules currently being developed at Xerox PARC 13 and shown in Figure 1 . For example  , the genetic programming approach used in 7 has been shown to achieve high accuracies when supplied with more than 1000 positive examples. Still  , none of the active learning approaches for LD presented in previous work made use of the similarity of unlabeled link candidates to improve the convergence of curious classifiers. For example  , the approach presented in 8 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. Several other strategies for input generation have been proposed symbolic execution combined with constraint solving 30  , 18  , direct setting of object fields 5  , genetic programming 29  , etc. 15 proposes an approach based on the Cauchy-Schwarz inequality that allows discarding a large number of superfluous comparisons. Particularly  , we investigate an inductive learning method – Genetic Programming GP – for the discovery of better fused similarity functions to be used in the classifiers  , and explore how this combination can be used to improve classification effectiveness . Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space. Another approach to contextual advertising is to reduce it to the problem of sponsored search advertising by extracting phrases from the page and matching them with the bid phrase of the ads. In addition  , gradient primitives   , shown to be effective for communication in modular robots We also gave the genetic programming runs additional primitives for each problem. The best computer program that appeared in any generation  , the best-so-far solution  , is designated as the result of genetic programming Koza 19921. In addition  , similar to other search-based software engineering SBSE 15  , 14 approaches  , genetic programming often suffers from the computationally expensive cost caused by fitness evaluation  , a necessary activity used to distinguish between better and worse solutions. That is  , compared to random search  , genetic programming does not bring benefits in term of fewer NCP in this case to balance the cost caused by fitness evaluations. 26  introduced the idea of program repair using genetic programming  , where existing parts of code are used to patch faults in other parts of code and patching is restricted to those parts that are relevant to the fault. Out of the 90 buggy programs  , with a test suite size of 50 — SEMFIX repaired 48 buggy programs while genetic programming repaired only 16. This is the major motivation to choose GP for the ranking function discovery task. Based on the plaintext collection  , our ARRANGER engine  , a Genetic Programming GP based ranking function discovery system  , is used to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for the topic distillation task. The function is represented as a tree composed of arithmetic operators and the log function as internal nodes  , and different numerical features of the query and ad terms as leafs. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 8. With flexible GP operators and structural motif representations  , our new method is able to identify general RNA secondary motifs. We choose not to record the genetic programming operations performed to obtain the variant as an edit script because such operations often overlap and the resulting script is quite long. The isolation of the search strategies from the search space makes the solution compatible with that of Valduriez891 and thus applicable to more general database programming languages which can be deductive or object-oriented Lanzelotte901. Yet  , so far  , none of these approaches has made use of the correlation between the unlabeled data items while computing the set of most informative items. Furthermore  , affected by GenProg  , Par also uses genetic programming to guide the patch search in the way like GenProg. The fact that it has been successfully applied to similar problems  , has motivated us to use it as a basis for discovering good similarity functions for record replica identification. This approach captures the novelty and diversity of a list of recommended tags implicitly  , by introducing metrics that assess the semantic distance between different tags diversity and the inverse of the popularity of the tag in the application novelty. AutoFix-E 37 can repair programs but requires for the contracts in terms of pre-and post-conditions. Running test cases typically dominated GenProg's runtime " 22  , which is also suitable for RSRepair  , so we use the measurement of NTCE to compare the repair efficiency between GenProg and RSRepair  , which is also consistent with traditional test case prioritization techniques aiming at early finding software bugs with fewer NTCE. Short titles may mislead the results  , specially generic titles such as Genetic Programming  , then we add the publication venue title to this type of query. That is  , RSRepair immediately discards one candidate patch once the patched program fails to pass some test case. After that  , general automated program repair has gone from being entirely unheard of to having its own multi-paper sessions  , such as " Program Repair " session in ICSE 2013  , in many top tier conferences 20  , and many researchers justify the advantage of their techniques  , such as Par and SemFix  , via the comparison with GenProg. We conducted a set of experiments aiming to evaluate the proposed disambiguation system in comparison with stateof-the-art methods on two well-known datasets. To the best of our knowledge  , the problem of discovering accurate link specifications has only been addressed in very recent literature by a small number of approaches: The SILK framework 14  now implements a batch learning approach to discovery link specifications based on genetic programming which is similar to the approach presented in 6. Several approaches that combine genetic programming and active learning have been developed over the course of the last couple of years and shown to achieve high F-measures on the deduplication see e.g. The evaluation has shown that the numerical and symbolic reference models generated from isokinetics tests on top-competition sportsmen and women are  , in the expert's opinion  , similar. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. WNB-G-MCMC also performs slightly better than WNB-MCMC. The first 1 ,000 iterations of MCMC chains were discarded as an initial burn-in period. Another attractive property is that the proposal is constant and does not depend on ztd  , thus  , we precompute it once for the entire MCMC sweep. Then  , further simulations were performed. The experimental results are shown in Table 2The second observation is that the combined methods WNB-G-HC and G-MCMC outperform slightly the original methods WNB-G  , WNB-HC and WNB-MCMC. After a certain period  , a generated realization of MCMC sample can be treated as a dependent sample from the posterior distribution. As experimentation of our approach  , we choose GoldDLP 1   , an ontology describing a financial domain. Since the bed model was representable  , this indicates a failure in the MCMC estimator. By contrast to 5  , which uses MCMC to obtain samples from the model posterior  , we utilize L-BFGS 18 to directly maximize the model log-probability. We plan on investigating the use of different estimators in future work. Moreover  , applying MCMC to our proposal distribution significantly improves the SLAM performance. The main difference with Eq. Using MCMC  , we queried for the probability of an individual being a ProblemLoan. In the second experiment  , the robot moved along a corridor environment about 60 meters while capturing images under varying illumination conditions  , as shown in Fig. The successive samples evolve from a large population with many redundant data points to a small population with few redundant data points. Instead  , we draw the samplê Y just once before we begin optimizing w  , but we drawˆYdrawˆ drawˆY using the following strategy:  Choose restart states to span a variety of Δs. We use a JAVA MCMC program to obtain samples from the joint posterior distribution described in Equation 1. In the next experiment  , we captured the image sequence while driving a car about 2 kilometers with a stereo camera  , as shown in Fig. In our application  , the total number of MCMC iterations is chosen to be 2 ,000. Finally   , if the effective number of particles �ωt� −2 2 falls below a threshold we stochastically replicate each particle based on its normalized weight. The use of beta conjugate priors ensures that no expensive computational methods such as MCMC are necessary 12  , so the model is trained and applied fast enough to be used on-line. which has the intuitive explanation that the weight for particle f is updated by multiplying in the marginal probability of the new observation xtd  , which we compute from the last 10 samples of the MCMC sweep over a given document. The duration of the burn-in period was determined by running three MCMC chains in parallel and monitoring the convergence of predictions. To encourage diversity in those replicated particles  , we select a small number of documents 10 in our implementation from the recent 1000 documents  , and do a single MCMC sweep over them  , and then finally reset the weight of each particle to uniform. Our unsupervised scoring function is based on 3 main observations. The performance also varies depending on the choice of scoring function. We use document-at-a-time scoring  , and explore several query optimization techniques. Rather  , it uses the scoring function of the search engine used to rank the search results. The second source of phrase data is iVia's PhraseRate keyphrase assignment engine 13. This last point is important since typically search engine builders wish to keep their scoring function secret because it is one of the things that differentiates them from other sources. We begin with the usual assumption that for each query  , there is a scoring function that assigns a score to each document  , so that the documents with the highest scores are the most relevant. These probabilities can be induced from the scoring function of the search engine. For the search backend  , Apache Lucene 14 is a search engine library with support for full text search via a fairly expressive query language   , extensible scoring  , and high performance indexing. Lucene then compared to Juru  , the home-brewed search engine used by the group in previous TREC conferences. Effectiveness in these notional applications is modeled by the task metrics. Thus similar titles will appear approximately in the same column  , with the better scoring titles towards the top. 15 propose an alternative approach called rank-based relevance scoring in which they collect a mapping from songs to a large corpus of webpages by querying a search engine e.g. SP and SP* select a specification page using our scoring function in Section 3.2; SP selects a page from the top 30 results provided by Google search engine  , while SP* selects a page from 10 ,000 pages randomly selected from the local web repository . It is the same engine that was used for previous TREC participations e.g. For each document identifier passed to the Snippet Engine   , the engine must generate text  , preferably containing query terms  , that attempts to summarize that document. At the meta-broker end  , we believe that our results can also be helpful in the design of the target scoring function  , and in distinguishing cases where merging results is meaningful and cases where it is not. This toleration factor reflects the inherent resolving limitation of a given relevance scoring function  , and thus within this toleration factor  , the ranking of documents can be seen as arbitrary. An important feature of this is that the tf·idf scores are calculated only on the terms within the index  , so that anchortext terms are kept separate from terms in the document itself. However  , because we are exploiting highly relevant documents returned by a search engine  , we observe that even our unsupervised scoring function produces high quality results as shown in Section 5. Since the prototype did not include a general search engine  , the best interface with such systems is unknown. The answer passage retrieval component is fully unsupervised and relies on some scoring model to retrieve most relevant answer passages for a given question. Additional opportunities include allowing wildcards to match subexpressions rather than single symbols  , implementing additional query functionality in the engine  , incorporating textual features and context 24  , and integrating Tangent-3 with keyword search. In particular  , dynamic pruning strategies aim to avoid the scoring of postings for documents that cannot make the top K retrieved set. In the future  , we would like to find ways to overcome this problem and thus further improve top ranked precision of AQR based results. Elastic Search 1 is a search server based on Lucene that provides the ability to quickly build scalable search engines. In order to improve the quality of opinion extraction results  , we extracted the title and content of the blog post for indexing because the scoring functions and Lucene indexing engine cannot differentiate between text present in the links and sidebars of the blog post. We use a query engine that implements a variation on the INQUERY 1 tf·idf scoring function to extract an ordered list of results from each of the three indices. Our formula search engine is an integral part of Chem X Seer  , a digital library for chemistry and embeds the formula search into document search by query rewrite and expansion Figure 1. IBM Haifa This year  , the experiments of IBM Haifa were focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine. The main goal was to bring Lucene's ranking function to the same level as the state-of-the-art ranking formulas like those traditionally used by TREC participants. Alternatively   , a search engine might choose to display the top-scoring tweets in rank order regardless of time. To improve the efficiency of such a deployment  , a dynamic pruning strategy such as Wand 1 could easily be used  , which omits the scoring of documents that cannot reach the top K retrieved set. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. The retrieval engine used for the Ad Hoc task is based on generative language models and uses cross-entropy between query and document models as main scoring criterion. Relevance is determined by the underlying text search engine based on the common scoring metric of term frequency inverse document frequency. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. A keyword search engine like Lucene has OR-semantics by default i.e. Therefore  , the classification ends up scoring Shannon less similar to himself than to Monica probably due to high diversity of her sample images  as well as to Kobe Bryant Table 1. To evaluate the performance of the ranking functions  , we blended 200 documents selected by the cheap scoring function into the base-line set. In our experiments we insist that each response contains all selectors  , and use Lucene's OR over other question words. A quick scan of the thumbnails locates an answer: 4 musicians shown  , which the user could confirm took place in Singapore by showing and playing the story. Our experiments this year for the TREC 1-Million Queries Track focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine 4. Several papers 12 13 report that proximity scoring is effective when the query consists of multiple words. – Textual baseline: we indexed the raw text by adopting the standard Lucene library customized with the scoring formula described in Sect. For example   , a classical content-based recommendation engine takes the text from the descriptions of all the items that user has browsed or bought and learns a model usually a binary target function: "recommend or "not recommend". To gauge the effectiveness of our system compared to other similar systems  , we developed a version of our tagging suggestion engine that was integrated with the raw  , uncompressed tag data and did not use the case-evaluator for scoring  , aside from counting frequency of occurrence in the result set. We were able to improve Lucene's search quality as measured for TREC data by 1 adding phrase expansion and proximity scoring to the query  , 2 better choice of document length normalization  , and 3 normalizing tf values by document's average term frequency. Finally  , for each set of results the only the the highest scoring 1000 tweets were used by RRF to combine results and only the top 1000 results from each run were submitted to NIST for evaluation. In the rank scoring metric  , method G-Click has a significant p < 0.01 23.37% improvement over method WEB and P-Click method have a significant p < 0.01 23.68% improvement over method WEB. A page was said to include an attribute-value pair only when a correspondence between the attribute and its value could be visually recognized as on the left side of Figure 1. When a user enters a freetext query string  , the corpus of webpages is ranked using an IR approach and then the mapping from webpages back to songs is used to retrieve relevant songs. The goal of this scoring is to optimize the degree to which the asker and the answerer feel kinship and trust  , arising from their sense of connection and similarity  , and meet each other's expectations for conversational behavior in the interaction. This means users have small variance on these queries  , and the search engine has done well for these queries  , while on the queries with click entropy≥2.5  , the result is disparate: both P-Click and G-Click methods make exciting performance. If no such context information is at hand  , there is still another option: the search engine may present the results of the best scoring segmentation to the user and offer the second best segmentation in a " Did you mean " manner. As we are interested in analyzing very large corpora and the behavior of the various similarity measures in the limit as the collections being searched grow infinitely large  , we consider the situation in which so many relevant documents are available to a search engine for any given query q that the set of n top-ranked documents Rq are all -indistinguishable. As an example  , a state-of-the-art IR definition for a singleattribute scoring function Score is as follows 17: Specifically  , the score that we assign to a joining tree of tuples T for a query Q relies on:  Single-attribute IR-style relevance scores Scorea i   , Q for each textual attribute a i ∈ T and query Q  , as determined by an IR engine at the RDBMS  , and  A function Combine  , which combines the singleattribute scores into a final score for T . In this section we describe the details of integrating Simulated Annealing and downhill Simplex method in the optimization framework to minimize the loss function associated directly to NDCG measure. A structurally recursive query involves one or more recursive functions and function calls to them. The recursive member function was tested in P and the specifi- cation of the recursive member fumction remains unchanged. In the case of a recursive navigation   , it is mapped to an expression that consists of a function call to the built-in recursive function descendant-or-self and a projection. Recursive data structures and recursive function calls are inherently handled. Instead  , our approach maps a recursive navigation into a function call to a structurally recursive function by means of the translation method presented in 3 for a regular path expression. We use fixed-point iteration to solve this mutually recursive equation . Otherwise  , the function returns the sum of number of insertions for each recursive node. The XQuery core's approach to support recursive navigation is based on the built-in descendant-or-self function and the internal typing function recfactor as we have already seen in Section 2. The basic idea is to utilize the recursive function call mechanism of the C language. Dissallowing any function symbols such a recursive Horn clause will have the form This means that we have a single recursive Horn clause and the recursive predicate appears in the antecedent only once. they are equivalent. For example  , we can think of a query //title as a nondeterministic finite automaton depicted in Figure 8  , and define two structurally recursive functions from the automaton. This effect is similar to that of the XQuery core's relating projection to iteration . Furthermore  , if a structurally recursive query is applied to non-recursive XML data  , the structural function inlining transforms a recursive function call into a finitely nested iterations sensitive to their local types. In order to identify what function class we focus our consideration on  , we adopt the syntactic restrictions of the state-of-the-art work on structural recursion 3  , which define the common form of structurally recursive function. The standard way of deriving the semantics of a recursive function is to compute the least fixed point of its generating function. The advantage of this approach is that new notation for writing recursive queries is unnecessary; C programmers can write recursive queries the same way they write recursive functions. In fact  , the iterative and recursive programs do compute the same function; i.e. where the function X is implemented witli recursive least squares. For example: Since the additional recursive functions are anonymous  , they cannot possibly be invoked anywhere else. In this regard  , our structural function inlining is a novel technique for typing recursive XML queries. In contrast   , the structural function inlining optimizes recursive functions to avoid useless evaluation over irrelevant fragments of data. The SSG may contain cycles  , hence it is not necessary to introduce k-limiting techniques to represent self-referential data structures. Because of such functions  , the type of a structurally recursive query tends to be typed imprecisely. Recursive navigation. The first Horn clause is recursive in the sense that the relation ancestor appears on both the qualification and the consequent of it. Consider the case in which a recursive member function accesses the same data as a new attribute. Thus  , specification-based and program-based test cases need not be rerun. The method basically provides a recursive framework to construct a Lyapunov function and corresponding control action for the system stabilization. The recursive evaluation to determine this value is: Figure 3shows the recursive cost function. On the other hand  , a recursive navigation is typed differently by an ad hoc approach 11 that uses an internal typing function recfactor. It typically starts by translating the function body as if the inner call does nothing. Structurally recursive functions are a kind of the function classes to which we can apply the structural function inlining. In other words  , we have shown that the iterative program computes an extension of the function computed by our recursive program  , rather that the exact same function. For each of the three representative types of the structurally recursive query  , we present the current approach of the XQuery core  , new approaches that exploit the structural function inlining  , and some discus- sion. The mapped functions embed as much type information as possible into their function bodies from the given query. The query pruning 14 similarly optimizes regular path expressions  , but it is inapplicable to arbitrary recursive functions containing operations interleaved arbitrarily with navigation since such recursive functions are not transformed to finite automata. Mutually recursive functions can be handled easily  , since we can always transform a set of mutually recursive functions into a single recursive function with an additional " selection " parameter. In the above argument we established that the iterative program will terminate whenever the original recursive program does and that the two programs will then return the same value. For example  , //title is mapped intermediately to descendant-or-self$roots/title. How can we generate efficient code for a query like the one shown in Figure 1  , in view of the user-defined recursive function it involves. The recursive function definitions of universal and existential quantification are given in section 5. Interestingly  , the structurally recursive function is applied frequently to nonrecursive XML data. The user need not know how to define hierarchies in order to &fine recursive functions. The recursive method SPLIT introduced in Fig. The client computes h root using a recursive function starting from the root node. The empty stack is represented by the function with no input arguments NEWSTACK. Two types of strategies have been proposed to handle recusive queries. Set NEXTcompriijes all functions In order to develop such supervisors we will construct a recursive function supervisor parameterized by functions next E NEXT. If the kth link is moved  , BACK checks from the most distal Figure 5TheBACKfimction This is implemented in a recursive function called BACK  Figure 5. If an interrupt restoring function is encountered  , we simply restore the state to X. To get rid of them  , we inline the corresponding function body in place of each function call. Second  , reference expressions in user-defined functions might involve local variables  , which are meaningless outside the function context. Recognizing a variable on a tree is done through a recursive function traverse shown in Fig. We call this way of counting words " soft-counting " because all the possible words are counted. The transfer function frequency bins may further be smoothened through a recursive least square technique. We refer to this kind of function inlining as structural function inlining. Thus  , the specification-based and program-based test suites for A are not rerun. A brief overview of our approach is as follows: Given a structurally recursive query  , it is mapped to structurally recursive functions and function calls to them. A RECURSIVE or VIRTUAL-RECURSIVE member function attribute A requires very limited retesting since it was previously individually tested in P and the specification and implementation remain unchanged. Both methods share the problem of too much generality since the pro- grammer can write anything into the loop or the function body; this severely limits query optimization. Due to the recursive nature of the approach  , such a procedure would have to be applied for any object at any recursive level. We have presented how the technique works  , how to cope with technical obstacles such as the infinite inlining  , and how to apply the technique to structurally recursive queries. That is  , our hierarchical histogram is constructed by applying our recursive function until it reaches the level l. In our experiments  , l = 3 gave us good results. The main obstacle in typing and optimizing a structurally recursive query is the functions involved in the query. Thus  , the operations of the domain abstract data types can be mixed freely with tuple operations in expressions and recursive function definitions. The structural function inlining exploits the property that the structural parameter's type changes for each recursive call according to the syntactic restrictions. We address the above three challenges in the rest of this paper. The return type of a polymorphic recursive function that accepts any XML data is usually declared as xs:AnyType 10. Consider the expression descendant-or-self$roots/title mapped from //title. The example exhibits the use of recursive relationships assemblies and their component parts  , weak entities vendor locations  , and potentially null flelds structure description  , vendor status. function for pseudo-elements; in practice it might be more advantageous to implement it iteratively as a special case. The method to construct the functional equation is general enough to deal with recursive rules  , function symbols and non-binary predicates. Therefore the semantic operation apply -and thus also vwly -is a partial recursive function in every minimally defined model of Q LFINSET. The protocol tries to construct the quorum by selecting the root co. A transaction attempting to construct a read quorum calls the recursive function Read- Quorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. GEOKOBJ has several predefined functions e.g. The signature can be extended using function symbols  , to yield the full power of Prolog specifications. Thus  , operators on such large-grain data structures imply some kind of extended control structure such as a loop  , a sequence of statements  , a recursive function  , or other. If the modeled concept is a generic concept such as ComponentType in Fig. We also use the following recursive function to construct the unit type for a variable x based on its C type τ when no appropriate annotations for x are provided: The unit environment is constructed during constraint generation. For example  , they cannot handle recursive function definitions or loops whose termination depends on data structure invariants. In case of a cycle i.e. In this section  , we describe how to apply the structural function inlining to structurally recursive queries in XQuery. In this case  , as the second approach  , we should define a more generic structurally recursive function. This meaning may just be nontermination for some arguments e.g. First  , we cannot always expand function calls by inline code due to the existence of recursive functions. The recursive function generates the equivalent of o using one of the four following behaviors depending on the kind of concept the meta-class of o models. We now give examples of derivable relational concepts such as relational algebra and integrity constraints. The function of this stack is to support method assertions in recursive calls. The postcondition assertion method pops the stack and  , based on the recorded outcome of the precondition  , it evaluates the appropriate postcondition. Using auxiliary tree T   , recursive function sort csets is invoked to sort the component sets. As to optimizing functions  , most of existing optimization techniques 6  , 7 treat functions simply as externally defined black boxes accompanying some semantic information. The original case rules are specialized for each possible type  , and the resulting case rules introduce two new recursive function calls 3 and 5. Unfortunately  , the correct recursive function to induct upon is obscured by the many irrelevant terms in the hypothesis. A  , q as the retrieval status value of annotation A without taking any context into account calculated  , e.g. A modified version of GJK  , RGJK  , which exploits the recursive evaluation is stated in Section 3. This is implemented in a recursive function called BACK  Figure 5. The handlers are executed  , like functions  , in a recursive descent manner. Any remaining cycles in the request graph suggest that a possibly mutually-recursive function is making server requests. In the presence of children  , the predicate consists of the recursive concatenation using boolean or of the predicates of the children. It is the latter capability that allows us to define aggregate functions simply. The stack described above serves the back u_~ and output functions served by 0UTLIST. Although the tree notation is well suited for the transformational purposes  , its recursive nature does not guarantee an efficient execution. It is a recursive function that generates the set OptAns of all answers candidate to be optimum by combining the paths in a connected component cc. By throwing away all terms except the following: The correct induction can be chosen. Our major contributions are a new technique referred to as the structural function inlining and a new approach to the problem of typing and optimizing structurally recursive queries. Its application at line 2 automatically generates two sub-goals. This strategy builds up sets " naively " for " interesting " arguments of the function. This is accomplished with the following recursive function. A transaction attempting to construct a read quorum calls the recursive function Read- Quorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. This mapping is generic in that we can map any other recursive navigation query in the same way. In addition  , recursive functions may also be analyzed multiple times. This equivalent is added to the output meta-model instance. The execute-imm function computes the partial fixpoint of a database instance using some immediate rules. To handle inter-procedural dependences including recursive functions/procedures  , we have introduced auxiliary types of nodes in a PDG. Consequently the derivation starts with the translation of the associated fragment by evaluating the following function: The recursive rule rcr , ,.ure is achieved by: RULfhceurriva Closure  , e  , Ccrorurc  , immediate ,@ where Cclo ,urc is the conditions extracted from the function between " Floor-Request " and " Closure " . The actions of the rule consist in the closure method call and its own reactivation. The recursive form of the new function immediately leads to an iterative program form. The recursion should terminate when the output of the TRANSFORMER function is identical to its input. To do this  , ACL2 attempts to guess a well-founded measure for the function and to prove that it decreases with each recursive call. The first function in Figure 1is a recursive function cost::Part-+Num which computes the cost of any part : if x is a base part its cost is obtained from the base selector  , otherwise ils cost is obtained by recursively summing the costs of its immediate sub-parts. The following section shows that the standard transitive closure is one important example of a recursive query for which the running time of a sample is indeed a function of the sample size. Through utilizing such ranking function  , the recursive feature elimination procedure on the feature set provides more insights into the importance of each feature to the total revenue. A feature ranking list is then generated according to its contribution in training the optimal ranking function. A recursive function POSITION generalizing the OFFSET example is defined to give the 3- dimensional offset and orientation of the PART relative to the beginning of a hierarchy. Tries to prove the current formula with automatic induction. Notice that we are chasing to simplify the Icft-most  , outermost redex at each step above -this computation rule is known as rwrmuf-order reduction and it corresponds to the lazy evaluurion of function arguments. Many papers including 3  , 10  , 13  suggest such restriction for structural recursion . Therefore  , the recursive method for the stabilization of-the sys­ tem 1 can be given based on either the Krasovskii functional or the Razumikhin function. Another major difference between BFRJ and the depth-first approach is that BFRJ never traverses upwards in an R-tree while the depth-first approach traverses upwards as part of function returns of the recursive routines. performs a global translation  , rather than a recursive one as in the previous cases  , in which case the Decendents function returns the empty set. For instance  , the following function from 28  performs a recursive access on the class hierarchy in order to figure out whether an entity is an instance of a given class. The mapping is defined as follows: Using the mappings from Section 4.3  , we can now follow the approach of 4 and define a recursive mapping function T which takes a DL axiom of the form C D  , where C is an L b -class and D is an L h -class  , and maps it into an LP rule of the form A ← B. The theorem contains the condition thai the recursive function F be defined on a  , that the computation of Fa will terminate this condition is necessary for  , otherwise  , the iterative program will never terminate  , and therefore control will never reach finish at all. It is then straightforward to show that the behavior of the model is preserved after replacing each loop by a call to its corresponding anonymous recursive function. For the rest of the discussion  , we will assume that the ISSUBSUMED boolean operator can be implemented by re-writing to the SQL/XML XMLExists function. A dynamically changed DOM state does not register itself with the browser history engine automatically  , so triggering the 'Back' function of the browser is usually insufficient . During this traversal  , each non-terminal and terminal node is analyzed  , making use of parse tree annotations and other functions and lexical resources that provide " semantic " interpretations of syntactic properties and lexical information. Converting dynamic errors to empty sequences yields correct results as in predicates without negations. Recursive data base queries expressed in datalog function-free Horn clause programs are most conveniently evaluated using the bottom-up or forward chaining evaluation method see  , e.g. For each object of the DO plane  , an emanating relation arrow implies that in the methods section of the source object  , there is a function that generates the destination object. At present we thercforc USC a boltom-up evaluation strategy for recursive and mutually-rccursivc set-valued functions. We assume that the rules may include recursive predicates referencing unary  , finite and inversible function symbols. Approaches Back-tracking provides a simple recursive method of generating all possible solution vectors. This could result in an infinite loop which would indicate that a link has become jammed. By creating a separate relation for every spec field  , Squander solves all these problems: whatever abstraction function is given to a spec field  , it will be translated into a relational constraint on the corresponding relation  , and Kodkod will find a suitable value for it. The local time cascade is a recursive function that derives a child's active time from the parent time container's simple time. Note the mutual recursive nature of linkspecs and link clauses. The actual splitting of the original target page is performed by creating the new right sibling as an exact copy of the page and then removing the unnecessary entries from both pages with the remove interface function. The fading is controllable by a weighting parameter a. In order to develop such supervisors we will construct a recursive function supervisor parameterized by functions next E NEXT. We assume that the tree has a well defined root  , and that a transaction attempting to construct a write quorum calls the recursive function WriteQuorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. Since a reasonably good signal to noise ratio was attained in our experimental setups  , we only utilized ETFE. To be more specified  , we de­ sign the virtual input and Lyapunov-like function to eIlsure UUB stability of each sub-system recursively compensating the effect of uIIcertain parameters_ Be­ fore designing controller  , -we set some controller pa­ rameters evaluating some bounds of elements in 12. Since the Razumikhin func­ tion can be constructed easily and the additional re­ striction for the system is not required in the pro­ posed recursive design  , an asymptotically stabilizing controller can be explicitly constructed. By allowing models to be written declaratively or imperatively using simple data types as well as relations  , the programmer can concentrate more on writing the model and less on struggling with the limited expressiveness of the tool. All other relational notions are defined in terms of these primitives and recursive function composition. This edge corresponds to the recursive function call to walksub—Barnes implements the Barnes-Hut approach for the N-body problem  , and walksub recursively traverses the primary data structure  , a tree. In the above proof since the function superCon is recursive  , we need to perform the induction on the variable k. The PVS command induct invokes an inductive proof. From the local active time  , the segment and simple times are derived the model is logically inverted to calculate the active duration from simple duration. Since the type is recursive   , Build Surrogate Fn is invoked instead of Horizontal Optimization lines 23-26. But  , on the other hand  , we have exploited some internal mechanisms of EXPRESS  , namely the indexing with most specific terms and the automatic recursive term expansion described in Chapter 4  , in order to achieve an elegant partial solution. Further reduction in the computations can be accomplished by minimizing the coefficient of the logarithmic function of the time complexity . From the language perspective  , although many built-in functions are available  , features such as the remaining XQuery language constructs  , remaining XPath axes  , userdefined function library  , user-defined recursive functions  , and many built-in functions and operators can be done in the future. The ap- plication domain of this strategy according to Vie86 are all kinds of recursion defined by means of function free Horn clauses. Formally  , assume that we have a set U of unreachable atomic propositions. The final feature vector representation of the onset signature is constructed as follows  , by attaching mean and max values to the histogram: That is  , our hierarchical histogram is constructed by applying our recursive function until it reaches the level l. In our experiments  , l = 3 gave us good results. Here it is : This first proposition is a syntactically correct program  , but semantically it presents some difficulties : -I at the recursive call  , N is not modified rule I. To avoid using reflection   , a method is generated for each analyser that sorts all the " visit " method calls in a switch in function of the operator ids. For instance /a The translation function T takes three parameters: the location step of the XSQuirrel expression  , the current binding used by the FLWR expression and a list of predicates. Finally  , although probably not sensible in the incremental setting  , an iterate-until-stable style optimizer can be specified by simply introducing a recursive call to TRANSFORMER from within the Figure 4: A Parallelizing Tool FORMER function itself. Since LIME reports the tree traversal is imbalanced  , this suggests that the tree itself is imbalanced. We are building our theory by fii defining the concepts of higher level theories or formalisms in terms of our primitives and then proving their properties mechanically. This is not surprising  , for the implicit stack offered by the recursive control domain only serves the forward control function of ROOTSTACK in the iterative parser. − Encoding the set of descendant tags: The size of the input document being a concern  , we make the rather classic assumption that the document structure is compressed thanks to a dictionary of tags into the document hierachy at the price of making the DescTag function recursive. Suppose that a structurally recursive query Q is transformed into Q T by the structural function inlining with respect to type information T . Moreover  , the recursions in the definition of S ↓ and E ↓ correspond to recursive function calls of the respective evaluation functions. Given a hierarchical view that already is defined  , the user simply inserts a new function and provides a defining expression by using func- tions of PREV. Osprey takes as an additional input a configuration file that allows new definitions for unit prefixes  , unit aliases  , and unit factors that can be used in unit annotations. These seem to be rare in JavaScript programs—we have not encountered any in the applications in §7—and therefore serve as a diagnostic to the developer. Since the size-change principle does not consider the tests of if-statements  , it must consider infinite state sequences that cannot occur  , including the sequence that alternates between the two recursive calls. The profile above disambiguates the cases mentioned previously aa shortcomings of function and count profiles . Another possibly less efficient implementation is to use a recursive SQL statement as alluded to in Das et al 4. Predicate buffer and output buffer: The derivation of the function Out-Buffers is similar to that of Results  , and the derivation of Pred-Buffers is straightforward. The protocol tries to construct a quorum by selecting the root and a majority of its children. During this traversal  , each nonterminal and terminal node is analyzed  , making use of parse tree annotations and other functions and lexical resources that provide " semantic " interpretations of syntactic properties and lexical information. Property 3 shows that the R M R N   , possesses an elegant recursive property with regard to its structure in a manner similar to the n-cube. Because of the recursive feature of the BACK function the is checked for the second obstacle and moved in the opposite direction to the first movement  , returning the link to the original position. By doing The components of the resultant forceslmoments at the robot joints a a part due to velocity and gravity terms function of position and Even for the frictioniess problem  , a recursive  , and not the explicit form of the analytical equations which describe the robot dynamics  , is preferable for a numerical implementation. Recursive splitting due to parent page overflows are handled in the same way. The recursive function is defined as: Solve formula 16 by dynamic programing to learn the indication vector E = {e1  , e2  , ..  , em} and send sequence si to query for labeling if ei = 1. be achieved with total number of elements less than or equal to j using sequences up to i. Since distinguished variables are assumed to appear exactly once in the consequents of rules with the potential of repeated variables being real&d by equalities in the antecedent  , h is a function. In this case  , the current concept description D has to be specialized by means of an operator exploring the search space of downward refinements of D. Following the approach described in 5 ,8  , the refinement step produces a set of candidate specializations ρD and a subset of them  , namely RS  , is then randomly selected via function RandomSelection by setting its cardinality according to the value returned by a function f applied to the cardinality of the set of specializations returned by the refinement operator e.g. The keyword value  , as in domain constraint definitions  , provides a way of naming  , not the type  , bul the whole instance of the type or domain being referenced in an expression that is being evaluated it is often called self or this in programming languages. Notice that both measures are hard to compute over massive graphs: naive personalization would require on the fly power iteration over the entire graph for a user query; naive SimRank computation would require power iteration over all pairs of vertices. Analogously to Theorem 6.5  , we get  Finally  , note that using arguments relating the topdown method of this section with join optimization techniques in relational databases  , one may argue that the context-value table principle is also the basis of the polynomial-time bound of Theorem 7.4. Query trees present the same limitations as 15   , and are also not capable of expressing if/then/else expressions; sequences of expressions since we require that the result of the query always be an XML document; function applications; and arithmetic and set operations. Since templates serve different needs  , we extract those with a high probability of containing structured information on the basis of the following heuristic: templates with just one or two template attributes are ignored since these are templates likely to function as shortcuts for predefined boilerplates  , as well as templates whose usage count is below a certain threshold which are likely to be erroneous. The convenience of POE based Newton-Euler dynamics modeling of open chains  , demonstrated in 9 and 13  , has been incorporated into this work to provide a recursive formulation for computing the gradient as well. In what follows  , we will present the technique circum­ venting this problem with the two-dimensional sys­ tem 7 as example. As one composes large-grain operators and operands together into longer expressions  , each subexpression implies not only some atomic computations e.g. Within the SEM Model  , it also provides a function similar to an execution stack in a block-structured language  , where the current context is saved upon recursive invocations further planning and restored upon the successful translation and verification of certain artifacts following a promotion. In addition to the traditional causes like sort  , duplicate elimination and aggregates  , the value of a variable must be materialized in three cases: when the variable is used multiple times in the query  , when the variable is used inside a loop FOR  , sort or quantifiers  , or when the variable is an input of a recursive function. Another cause for materialization is backward navigation that cannot be transformed into forward navigation. Equations 1-5 represent a few simple formulas that are used in this study. In order to build our recursive calculations  , we first find an expression for the joint accelerations as a function of the acceleration of the platform and the reaction efforts  , next we find an expression for the reaction efforts as a function of the acceleration of the platform and  , finally  , we find an expression of the acceleration of the platform. As we shall see below  , global rules are very useful for customizing the translation -the user can add to the system global rules defining special treatment for specific subtrees in the data  , while the rest of the data is handled in a standard manner by the other predefined rules of the system. While our method of analyzing procedures has been motivated by the desire to Rave no restrictions on storage sharing and to proceed with minimal a-priori specifications about the program  , it allows us to model such language features as generic modes  , procedLre variables  , parameters of type procedure  , a simulated callby-name parameter mechanism and a user-accessible evaluating function. A first-order database is a function-free first-order theory in which the extensional database EDB  , corresponding to the data in relations  , is a set of ground having no variables positive unit clauses. Thus  , the key to recursive design for time­ delay systems is how to overcome this difficulty to construct recursively the virtual control law in each step such that in the final step the derivative of the Lyapunov-Razumikhin function of the system is neg­ ative whenever the Razumikhin condition holds. Member function B is virtual in P and since it is redefined in M  , it is virtual-redefined in R. Member function C is redefined in R since its implementation is changed by M and overrides member function C from P. Finally  , data members i and j in P arc inherited but hidden in R  , which means they cannot be aeeessed by member function defined in the modifier. Also  , the calculation of the object distance is slightly different in the implementation of ARTOO than the formula given in Section 2  , in that no normalization is applied to the elementary distances as a whole: for characters  , booleans  , and reference values the given constants are directly used  , and for numbers and strings the normalization function given in Section 2 is applied to the absolute value of the difference for numbers and to the Levenshtein distance respectively for strings. As briefly discussed in Section 2  , the structure irfposedon thedatabasebythedesign- eris representedby amdule graph  , that is  , a labelled directed acyclic gralk whose nodes represent n-cdules  , whose +=s indicate relationships between modules and whose labelling function assigns tags to r&es indicating how the mdule was created. However  , it is relatively more difficult for global variables as aliasing has to be considered to identify global variable related def-use relations  , and path reduction is not that helpful for global variables; 2 the source operands of the overflowed integer operations are from trusted sources or constants  , but the overflowed data in the two versions with different precisions did have different values at sinks; 3 IntEQ failed to recognized some benign IOs for hashing  , where the data flow paths involve recursive function calls or cross over different object files. Defining the I-space and a continuous mapping from I-space onto W-space. A mapping from capability space to resource space expresses the fidelity profiles of available applications. As described by Heck- bert Hec86   , the traditional graphical texturing problem comprises mapping a defined texture from some convenient space called the texture-space   , to the screen-space. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: Example. Let R be the orientation mapping from the surface-space to the world-space The object's surface-space can thus be mapped to world-space. This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. For homogeneous robots  , it is the mapping From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. We call this new space the reduced information space and the mapping from the information space onto it the aggregation map. The radial distance between the camera and target  , as measured along the optical axis  , factors into this mapping. This fixed mapping gives more flexibility to the k-mer feature space  , but only increases the size of the feature space by a constant factor of 2. The tangential space mapping where V s 7 is tlie gradient function for 7. and Veep is tlie tangential space mapping of the kinematic function' . the arm is in constant contact with the obstacle . Mapping transforms the problem of hashing keys into a different problem  , in a different space. Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. The directory space. Reverse mapping is indicated by dotted arrows  , where the mapping of force flows in the opposite direction as velocity. The mapping can include time variant contact conditions and also timely past and/or future steps during manipulation. The texture properties are defined relative to an object's surface. The relationship between the topic space and the term space cannot be shown by a simple expression. Of course  , this mapping concurs with inaccuracy. It admits infinite number of joint-space solutions for a given task-space trajectory. the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. The " directions " of these matrices show the forward mapping of velocity from one space to another. These parameters are used to derive a mapping from each camera's image space to the occupancy map space. B; denotes the stiffness mapping matrix relating the operational space to the fingertip space. There is a continuous many-to-one mapping from I-space t o W-space determined by the forward kinematics of the arm. A singular value decomposition of this mapping provides the six-dimensional resolvabilify measure  , which can be interpreted as the system's ability to resolve task space positions and orientations on the sensor's image plane. The key idea in mapping to a higher space is that  , in a sufficiently high dimension  , data from two categories can always be separated by a hyper-plane. The mapping  , termed the planar kinematic mapping in Bottema and Roth 1979  , is a special case of dual quaternion representation of object position in a three dimensional space. For the defined model the phase space is 6-dimensional. It requires  , first  , mapping a world description into a configuration space  , i.e. In the case of our mobile robot we chose four particular variables for the reduced information vector. This kernel trick makes the computation of dot product in feature space available without ever explicitly knowing the mapping. The Hilbert curve is a continuous fractal which maps each region of the space to an integer. As a result  , collision checking is also performed directly in the work space. Although the mapping is diffeomorphic  , the transformed path to the joint space possibly does not coincide with the optimal path in the joint space. This slicing was developed in 6 for use in teleoperation of robot arm manipulators. Available resource levels are provided by the system  , and constrain the configuration space to a feasible region. The resulting dynamical model is described by fewer equations in the u-space. First  , a conventional automobile is underactuated non-holonomic  , so the mapping from C-space to action space is under-determined . But unlike the mapping on a basis  , a mapping to a dictionary does not allow the reconstruction of the data element. Experiments in 1  , 5 show that the LegoDB mapping engine is very effective in practice and can lead to reductions of over 50% in the running times of queries as compared to previous mapping techniques. We have proved that the forbidden region of an obstacle can be computed only by mapping the boundary of the obstacle using the derived mapping function. Also  , the stiffness mapping matrix B; between the operational space and the fingertip space of each hand can be represented by where i  B ;   denotes the stiffness mapping matrix between the operational space and the fingertip space of the ith hand. Due to space limitations  , we cannot present all mapping rules. However  , non-holonomic vehicles have constrained paths of traversal and require a different histogram mapping. We have performed the task that pouring water from a bottle with the power grasp  , which can test the joint space mapping method. Similar to the mapping on a basis the mapping on a dictionary takes as input a data space element and outputs a coordinate vector. As reasoned above  , HePToX's mapping expressions define the data exchange semantics of heterogeneous data transformation. The results of the Mapping stage are sufficiently random so that more space-expensive approaches are unnecessary . Teleoperation experiments show that the human hand model is sufficient accuracy for teleoperation task. Instead we provide a few examples to illustrate the mapping. Given the search space ΩP  covering all possible mappings   , finding a C min mapping boils down to inferring subsumption relationship between a mapping and the source predicate  , and between two mappings. The transformation of pDatalog rules into XSLT is done once after the mapping rules are set up  , and can be performed completely automatically. As in the example in Section 2  , the user provides the mapping between application resources and role-based access control objects using a Space-provided embedded domain-specific language. The baseline approach builds a non-clustered index on each selection dimension and the rank mapping approach builds a multi-dimensional index for each ranking fragment. Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the scnsorimotor mapping. The joint space mapping and modified fingertip position mapping method are exercised in the manipulation of dexterous robot hand. Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the sensorimotor mapping. In this context a datatype theory T is a partial mapping from URIrefs to datatypes. That is  , the cross-modal semantically related data objects should have similar hash codes after mapping. A mapping function has been derived for mapping the obstacles into their corresponding forbidden regions in the work space. If we control the sparsity of projection matrix A  , we could significantly reduce the mapping computation cost and the memory size storing projection matrix. The coordinate form representation of the latter is given by tlie n x n manipulator Jacobian matrix DecpO. These solutions realize a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. For example   , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closedloop structured finger such as the finger with five-bar mechanism described in 8  , the backward mapping is unique. In this paper  , we treat a robot hand with five-bar finger mechanism and then the stiffness relation between the fingertip space and joint space is described by using the backward Jacobian mapping. The lexical-to-value mapping is the obvious mapping from the documents to their class of equivalent OWL Full ontologies. 1 We learn the mapping Θ by maximizing the likelihood of the observed times τi→j. The skill mapping SM gives the relation between the desired object trajectory This skill mapping SM maps from the 6-dimensional object position and orientation space to the 3n- dimensional contact point space. That is where it hurts in parallel kinematics  , especially when one considers only the actuator positions for sensing: the mapping is neither bijective several solutions to the forward kinematic problem nor differentiable singularities of any type. Fullyisotropic PWs presented in this paper give a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. The mapping is done through kernel functions that allow us to operate in the input feature-space while providing us the ability to compute inner products in the kernel space. toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. A partial function I : S C mapping states to their information content is called an interpretation. The result is a task velocity toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. Mapping all the obstacles onto C-space is not computationally efficient for our particular problem; therefore  , collision detection is done in task space. the set of positions and orientations that the robot tool can attain  , will be denoted by W = this section  , we show how the robot's task space can be mapped to the camera's visual feature space and then we will consider the mapping from the robot's configuration space to the visual feature space. The control space is defined by the degrees of freedom of our haptic device  , the Phantom. The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. The 2n + 1 variables of.the access tree model form a 2n + 1 dimensional space R. The access model implies a mapping G: S ---> R from the space of file structures S ontu the space of all the combinations of model variable values  , R. This mapping is usually many-to-one because the variables only represent average characteristics of the file structures  , i.e. Weston et al 30 propose a joint word-image embedding model to find annotations for images. For a kinematically redundant system  , the mapping between task-space trajectory and the join-space trajectory is not unique. Further  , addition and scalar multiplication cannot yield results similar to those performed in the data space. Intuitively  , a tight connection between two documents should induce similar outputs in the new space. average pointer proportion and average size of filial sets of a level. But this mapping is not one-to-one  , there are infinite number of possible joint-space solutions for the same task-space trajectory. The tracking of features will be described in Section 3.1. Figure 2shows the resolvability of two different stereo camera configurations. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as Figure 4shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. Since the mapping from I-space t o W-space is continuous  , and since a sphere is an orientable surface  , so is the cylinder surface. An alternative method of dealing with sparsity is by mapping the sparse high-dimensional feature space to a dense low-dimensional space. Instead of mapping documents into a low-dimensional space  , documents are mapped into a high dimensional space  , but one that is well suited to the human visual system. Finally  , Space verifies that each data exposure allowed by the application code is also allowed by the catalog. A mapping from capability space to utility space expresses the user's needs and preferences. 4 showed that the lexical features of the query space and the Web document space are different  , and investigated the mapping between query words and the words in visited search results in order to perform query expansion. In other words  , with longer lifespan  , the partitions at the upper corner of the space rendition contain more tuples  , hence more pages. The Hough transform 5 was developed as an aid to pattern recognition and is widely used today. Ordering paves the way for searching in that new space  , so that locations can be identified in the hash table. In SMART the Jacobian is used for a wide variety of variable mappings. Many classical visualization techniques are based on dimensionality reduction  , i.e. To explain this mapping from intention space to relevancy space  , let us assume we have a resource R which has been tweeted by some author at time ttweet. This difference becomes larger in the region which is far from the origin. The unique mapping is highly related to the concept of observability. Figure 2: Mapping between sensor space and mental space based on empirical rules and physical intuition. Therefore  , it is represented by a mapping of the shape space Q into the force-distribution space T*Q. Using the learned sensorimotor mapping and body ima.ge  , the robot chooses an action in the sensorimotor space to circumnavigate obstacles and reach goals. First  , for an input hyper-plane  , all the cluster boundaries intersect the hyper-plane are selected. The paper is organized as follows. Among the many possible ways of choosing a partition   , one solution is to choose a particular function mapping the information space onto a smaller tractable space. The robot links and obstacles are represented directly in the work space  , thus avoiding the complex mapping of obstacles onto the C-space. From this perspective  , visual tools can help to better understand and manipulate the mapping into the program space. a differentiable bijective mapping between the sensor-space and the state-space of the system 16. The redundancy allows one to obtain a low-order model for the manipulator dynamics by mapping the joint velocity q- space to a pseudovelocity U- space. A typical trial comprised the mapping of several hundred square metres of trials space  , followed by two or more days testing a wide variety of runs through this space. Let  , the joint velocity polytope of a n-dof manipulator be described by the 2n bounding inequalities: This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. Tracking by camera pan requires mapping pixel positions in the image space to target bearing angles in the task space. Note that this definition implicitly assumes to be able to generate negative values for the joint variables. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 3shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration . In this paper  , we consider a compliance and damping as impedance elements. However  , there is a large gap between the problem space and the solution space. To compare the operations allowed by an application to those permitted by our security patterns  , a mapping is required between the objects defined in the RBAC model and the resources defined by the application. Space asks the user to define this mapping. Formally  , it is a mapping from types of application resources to types of RBAC objects; the mapping is a relation  , since some application resources may represent more than one type of RBAC object. The robot learns the mapping a.nd categorizations entirely within its seiisorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a priori internal representations. The robot learns the mapping and catego-rizations entirely within its sensorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a przorz internal representations. The results of the experiment are summarized in Figure 4. We transformed the strings to an integer space by mapping them to their frequency vectors. Extensive fault tests show that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly hurt reliability. These embeddings often capture and/or preserve linguistic properties of words. plastic  , metal or glass  , to friction cone angles that define the grasp wrench space. The mapping is straight-forward  , but space precludes us from explaining it in detail. In this section  , we formally define the extension of the database . So uncertainty can be represented as a sphere in a six dimensional space. The -mapping model confirms that this gap does exist in the 4-D space. Triplify automatically generates all the resources in the update URI space  , when the mapping µ in the Triplify configuration contains the URL pattern " update " . However  , space precludes an explanation here. Another dynamically consistent nullspace mapping  , which fits very well in the framework of operational space control  , was proposed by Khatih 61: by the manipulator's mass matrix. Word-embeddings are a mapping from words to a vector space. This mapping has two main advantages. Clearly  , this constraint reduces the size of our search space. However  , the efficiency of exhaustion is still intolerable when SqH is large. This mapping can be extended naturally to expressions. Therefore  , we only describe a number of representative examples  , though others can be described in a similar way. Traditional information retrieval systems have focused on mapping a well-articulated query onto an existing information space 4  , 43. This places reliable memory under complete database control  , eliminates double buffering  , and simplifies recovery. In the EROC architecture this mapping function is captured by the abstraction mapper. For space reasons  , here we just informally explain the mapping semantics by examining the two DTDs in Figure 1. First artificial space-variant sensors are described in 22. This implies that the mapping of a data element in the coordinate space of a dictionary does not allow reconstruction. After this approach  , C hyperplanes are obtained in the feature space. However  , the lack of this optimization step as of now does not impact the soundness of the approach. Graphically  , their mapping points in the space rendition move up wards. The exact mapping of topics and posts to vectors depends on the vector space in which we are operating. Tracking of articulated finger motion in 3D space is a highdimensional problem. We can understand them as rules providing mapping from input sensor space to motor control. The mapping of the Expressivity to more than one sub-parameter consequently constrains the space of all possible configurations. The space of word clouds is itself high-dimensional  , and indeed  , might have greater dimension than the original space. Thus the Hough transform provides a one-to-one mapping of lines in the original space to points in the transform space. Absolute space comes from the idea that the representation for each space should be independent of all other spaces. Since an adversary can no longer simulate a one-to-n item mapping by a one-to-one item mapping  , in general  , we can fully utilize the search space of a one-to-n item mapping to increase the cost of attack and prevent the adversary to easily guess the correct mapping. Because it is difficult to build a feature space directly  , instead kernel functions are used to implicitly define the feature space. Because the synibol space is continuous space and the dynainics in this space is continuous system  , the continuous change of the vector field in the inotioIi space and the continuous motion transition is realized. U refers to map the query text q from the m-dimensional text space to the kdimensional latent space by a liner mapping  , and V refers to map the retrieved image d from the n-dimensional image space to the k-dimensional latent space. Lewis Lew89 surveys methods based on noise  , while Perlin Per851 Per891 presents noisebased techniques which by-pass texture space. However  , it is difficult to work in such a high-dimensional configuration space directly   , so we provide a mapping from a lower-dimensional control space to the configuration space  , and manipulate trajectories in the control space. For example  , the integral and differential equations which map A-space to C-space in a flat 2D world are given below: During the transient portion the steering mechanism is moving to its commanded position at a constant rate. Note that the forward or backward Jacobian mapping between the joint space and the fingertip space may not be unique due to the structure of finger used in robot hands. The wirtual obstacle is a continuum of points in I-space corresponding t o those arm positions in W-space at which the arm intersects some obstacles. When the hand system grasps the peg for the compliance center 0 1 of Figure 4   , this is identical to combine the two cases of Figures 2If the compliance center is moved to the point 0 2   , the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y1 in 6 changes into negative  , and the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y2 in 11 changes into negative . While a tight as possible mapping uses the reach space of the robot hand optimally   , it may nevertheless occur that  , since the human finger's workspace can only be determined approximately   , some grasps may lead to finger tip positions which lie outside reach space of the artificial hand. For a more complete description of this mapping from activation level space to force space  , see 25. Then the two robots exchange roles in order to explore a chain of free-space areas which forms a stripe; a series of stripes are connected together to form a trapezoid. LSH is a framework for mapping vectors into Hamming space  , so that the distances in the Hamming hash space reflect those in the input space: similar vectors map to similar hashes. The one-class classification problem is formulated to find a hyperplane that separates a desired fraction of the training patterns from the origin of the feature space F. This hyperplane cannot be always found in the original feature space  , thus a mapping function Φ : F − → F   , from F to a kernel space F   , is used. In vector-space retrieval  , a document is represented as a vector in t-dimensional space  , where t is the number of terms in the lexicon being used. Therefore  , it can be computed off-line and used as a look-up table  , forming the following pseudo-code: The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. It is not possible  , in general  , to compute the speed and steering commands which will cause a vehicle to follow an arbitrary C-space curve. The interface allows direct mapping between the interaction space to a 3D physical task space  , such as air space in the case of unmanned aerial vehicles UAVs  , or buildings in the case of urban search and rescue USAR or Explosive Ordnance Disposal EOD robotic tasks. Denote the joint space of an n-joint  , serialdifferentiability of g is necessary because the joint accelerations are bounded  , and therefore the joint velocities must be continuous . The space overhead problem is crucial for Semantic Search  , which involves the: use of a space consuming indexing relation: A weighted mapping between indexing terms and document references. The construction of the configuration space  , the control space  , the mapping between them and the haptic forces makes it possible to author and edit animations by manipulating trajectories in the control space. For example  , we can present a current situation and retrieve the next feasible situation through interpolation. If our thesis is correct  , physical TUIs such as the 3D Tractus can help reduce the ratio of users per robots in such tasks  , and offer intuitive mapping between the robotic group 3D task space and the user's interaction space. ORDBMSs that execute UDFs outside the server address space could employ careful mapping of address space regions to obtain the same effect. However  , subsequent research publications report 1 ,13 that a direct mapping from source to target TUs without an intermediate phonetic representation often leads to better results. The manipulator knows some mappings from the problem space to the solution space and estimates the mapping for the goal problem by using them. We will discuss the haptics in Section 2.3  , but first we give the mathematical model. During learning  , the simple classifier is trained over dataset T producing a hypothesis h mapping points from input space X to the new output space Y . FigureObject a has a different geometrical feature than object b  , yet under many grasping configurations  , the relation between the body attached coordinate system of the gripper and the object is the same. Furthermore  , this mapping is naturally a many to many mapping that can be reduced to a many to one mapping in obstacle free environments  , thus reducing the learning space and resulting in a much better generalization. In future it is likely that as we move to a push model of information provision we should provide the means to have local variants of ontologies mapping into our AKT computer science 'standard reference' ontology. The mapping provided by the user translates between the RBAC objects constrained by the pattern catalog and the resource types defined in the application code. Space does not permit entire rules templates are shown or the inclusion of the entire mapping rule set  , but this is not needed to show how the homomorphism constrains the rules. If space-filling curves are used  , the mapping is distance-preserving  , i. e. similar values of the original data are mapped on similar index data  , and that for all dimensions. The PSOM concept SI can be seen as the generalization of the SOM with the following three main extensions: the index space S in the Kohonen map is generalized to a continuous mapping manifold S E Etm. Also  , we performed some teleoperation tasks to test modified fingertip position mapping method such as: grasping a litter cube block only with index finger and thumb; grasping a bulb and a table tennis ball with four fingers. Figure 2shows the structure of the global address scheme and an example mapping. The overall Mapping- Ordering-Searching MOS scheme is illustrated in Figure   2. The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. Here  , we adopt the PARAFAC model 4 to carry out further tensor decomposition on the approximate core tensorˆStensorˆ tensorˆS to obtain a set of projection matricesˆPmatricesˆ matricesˆP The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. LegoDB is a cost-based XML storage mapping engine that automatically explores a space of possible XML-torelational mappings and selects the best mapping for a given application. We represent the design space synthesis function  , c  , as a semantic mapping predicate in our relational logic  , taking expressions in the abstract modeling language to corresponding concrete design spaces. Example 2.2 select culture painting title : t  , Figure 5: Path-to-path Mappings pings save space by factorizing DTD similarities and allow semi-automatic mapping generation. This inference is specific to data types– For some types  , it is straightforward  , while others  , it is not. The solutions we obtain through mapping are not optimal; however  , due to the good locality properties of the space mapping techniques  , information loss is low  , as we demonstrate experimentally in Section 6. Let the mapping function Φ contain m elementary functions  , and each of them φ : X → R map documents into a onedimensional space. In the following  , we measure the information loss of each k-anonymous or -diverse group using N CP   , and the information loss over the entire partitioning using GCP see Section 2. For navigation  , the mapping is served as the classifier for the distribution of features in sensor space and the corresponding control commands. In this method  , the optimal trajectories in the state space are grouped using the data obtained from cell mapping. The information bases under the other mappings show the same general trend. Space uses this mapping to specialize the constraints derived from the checks present in the code to the set of RBAC objects  , so that the two sets of security checks can be compared. If the handles were clustered  , the strength of Btrees and direct mapping was exhibited. When a robot link moves around an obstacle  , the link-obstacle contact conditions vary between vertex-edge and edge-vertex contacts . In this paper  , we investigate the collision-free path planning problem for a robot with two aims cooperating in the robot's work space. However  , despite the importance of vision as a localization sensor  , there has been limited work on creating such a mapping for a vision sensor. Particular mapping functions have to be defined  , which makes the problem more complex but in turn only meaningful configurations might be created. Experimental results on a Pentium 4 with an average load of 0.15 have shown an average query time of 0.03 seconds for the mapping and 0.35 seconds for the ranking when mapping to 300 terms. The user can interact in the 3D domain by physically sliding the 3D Tractus surface up and down in space. Within the RDS we can treat elements of X as if they were vectorial and  , depending on the approximative quality of the mapping  , we can expect the results to be similar to those performed if they were defined in the original space. Queries belonging to this URL pattern have to return at least two columns. Figure 4 shows that the first two latent dimensions cluster the outlets in interpretable ways. We emphasize that these features cannot be calculated before the result page is formed  , thus do not participate in the ranking model. To our knowledge  , this is the first work that measures how often data is corrupted by database crashes. Our second software design Section 5.2 addresses this problem by mapping the Rio file cache into the database address space. This exposes reliable memory to database crashes  , and we quantify the increased risk posed by this design. This is consistent with the estimates given in Sullivan9la  , Sullivan93J. Then any multi-dimensional indexing method can be used to organize  , cluster and efficiently search the resulting points. First  , we generated a dictionary that has a mapping between terms and their integer ids. Documents are retrieved by mapping q into the row document space of the term-document matrix  , A: Like the documents  , queries are represented as tdimensional vectors  , and the same weighting is applied to them. We address these two issues by mapping the answer and question to a shared latent space and measure their similarity there. TermWatch maps domain terms onto a 2D space using a domain mapping methodology described in SanJuan & Ibekwe-SanJuan 2006. In this paper we introduce one way of tackling this problem. IJsing this mapping reactive obstacle avoidance can be achieved. This could be done by mapping the object parameters into the feature space and thus writing them as a geometric constraint. We also plan to apply this method to general C-space mapping for convex polyhedra. Due to space limitation  , the detailed results are ignored. Finally  , an implementation of concurrent control as a mapping of constraints between individual controllers is demonstrated. Nevertheless it's possible that with different kernels one could improve on our results. This paper explores the utility of MVERT for exploration and observing multiple dynamic targets. In semi-autonomous navigation  , omnidirectional translational motion is used for mapping desired user velocities to the configuration space. We then calculate the mean of its column-wise Pearson correlation coefficients with Y . We c m directly transfer the calibrated joints value measured by the CyberGlove@ to the robot hand. If the automated system could function well in this space  , then it will also function well in the retirement community. These include scaling  , rotation  , and synchronization of observations from several tours of a space. The time series are further standardized to have mean zero and standard deviation one. Let¨be Let¨Let¨be a feature mapping and be the centroid matrix of¨´µ of¨´µ  , where the input data matrix is represented as in the feature mappingörmappingör the feature space explicitly. At this time  , it might be effective to subtract the explained component in the target ordering from sample orders. This helps to prune the space for conducting containment mapping. For discrete QoS dimensions  , for instance audio fidelity   , whose values are high  , medium and low  , we simply use a discrete mapping table to the utility space. Since the target predicate has a pre-defined domain of values  , each representing a range  , our search space is restricted to disjunctions of those ranges. triples that represent specific points in the geometric space. Thus  , mapping reliable memory directly into the database address space does not significantly lower reliability. Thus the mapping from one we consider the characteristically same configuration of a manipulator. We use this mapping to parameterize the grasp controller described in Section 3. The particular minimum of 3 in which the robot finds itself is dependent on the path traversed through through joint space to reach current joint angles. For example  , a typical mapping approach  , called approximate cell decomposition 7  , maps an environment into cells of predefined shapes. Second  , the inverse model  , the mapping from a desired state to the next action is not straightforward. The above results represent the first approach to a perception mapping system; it involves all sensors and all space around the robot. The global exploration st ,rategy provides the order in which these areas are explored. Section 2 extends Elfes' 2-D probabilistic mapping scheme to 3-D space and describes a framework for workspace modeling using probabilistic octrees. -procedures for mapping sensory errors into positional/rotational errors e.g. This property can be viewed as the contraction of the phase space around the limit cycle. This is because we excluded the coupling terms iKfxyi=1 ,2 ,3 in the fingertip space for independent finger control. The sensory-motor elements are distributed and can be reused for building other sequences of actions. In particularly  , by allowing random collisions and applying hash mapping to the latent factors i.e. we can both reduce the search space and avoid many erroneous mappings between homonyms in different parts of speech. Imitation of hand trajectories of a skilled agent could be done through a mapping of the proprioceptive and external data. A mapping is defined by specifying an implementation component in the requires section of an abstract package definition. The kernel function implicitly maps data into a highdimensional reproducing kernel Hilbert space RKHS 7  and computes their dot product there without actually mapping the data. Clearly  , this plot does not reveal structures or patterns embedded in the data because data dojects spread across the visual space. two different paths in the interpretation space can lead to the same program. An architectural style specification  , omitted due to space limitation  , defines the co-domain of an architectural map. Section 2 presents object-relational mapping ORM as a concrete driving problem. Space  , in contrast  , requires only that the programmer provide a simple object mapping. Later  , we generalized this idea to map the strings to their local frequencies for different resolutions by using a wavelet transform. 7  , 8  presented techniques for representing text documents and their associated term frequencies in relational tables  , as well as for mapping boolean and vector-space queries into standard SQL queries. The acquired parameter values can then be used to predict probability of future co-occurrences. Indeed  , mapping technology itself—including the prior technology of the printed map— privileges a particular cognitive perspective 9. We built an earlier Java-based prototype in order to rapidly explore the design space for visual mapping of organizations. Our choice of visual design builds upon one of the simplest hierarchical layouts  , the icicle plot 1. The classifier was trained to be conservative in handling the Non-Relevant categorization. Second  , suboptimal mappings have a larger impact in the two-dimensional space than in the unidimensional one. The access interface need only maintain a relatively simple mapping between object identifiers and storage locations. The attribute for each sample point object occupanjcy or free space was determined by the solid interference function "SOLINTERF" in AME. Higher map resolution and better path usually mean more cells thus more space and longer planning time. Our main conclusion is that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly decrease reliability. Mapping reliable memory into the database address space allows a persistent database buffer cache. maximum heap space  , and the numbers of MultiExprs and ExprXlasses in the logical and physical expression spaces at the end of optimization. This narrows down the search space of potential objects on the image significantly. Second  , consider the mapping of textual words into the latent space in LSCMR. The mapping of feasible initial-state perturbations around a nominal initial state x 0 to sensor-observation perturbations is given by the observability matrix Let the columns of the matrix N span the null-space of B. We apply a. liyclrodynamic potential field in the sensorimotor spa.ce to choose an action cf. For an environment depicted in Fig. The fuzzy rules and membership functions are then generated using the statistical properties of the individual trajectory groups. Figure 11shows another mapping. In computer graphics  , for cxample  , an object model is defined with respect to a world coordinate system. Fundamentally  , thc dccomposition in 12 rcprcscnts a. mapping from the space of infinitc-dimcnsiona.1 rcalvalucd functions to thc finitc-dimcnsiona.1 spa.cc  ?P. Employing this demonstration technique saves from the burden of mapping the human kinematics as in other approaches 7  , 14. A phase space represents the predicted sensory effects of chains of actions. We will develop a polygonal line method to avoid the poor solutions by fitting the line segments without any mapping or length constraints. Additionally  , potential clusters are maximally S-connected  , i.e. In the aforementioned methods it is assumed that the dataset is embedded into a higher-dimensional space by some smooth mapping. Figure 1: Mapping entities in folksonmies to conceptual space rameters by maximizing log-likelihood on the existing data set. The intent of any input query is identified through mapping the query into the Wikipedia representation space  , spanned by Wikipedia articles and categories. According to the objective function 6  , we think that the optimal r-dimensional embedding X *   , which preserves the user-item preference information  , could be got by solving the following problem: Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. During the final phase of resolution i.e. These relations may include temporal relations  , meronymic relations  , causal relations  , and producer/consumer relations. In practice  , we can often encode the same probability distribution much more concisely. The mapping from the system state to the Java code we implemented is straightforward. In this section  , we discuss our development of predicate mapper  , which realizes the type-based search-driven mapping machinery. Both problems are NP-hard in the multidimensional space. The relationship between database intension and extension then is an injective mapping between two topological spaces. The idea is to extract n numerical features from the objects of int ,erest  , mapping them into points in n-dimensional space. In the following  , lower-case bold Roman letters denote column vectors  , and upper-case ones denote matrices. The use of these techniques for document space representation has not been reported In the literature. This solution is one of five Pareto-optimal solutions in the design space for our customer-order object model. The second component of the visual mapping is brightness . Indeed  , there is no theoretical basis for mapping documents into a Euclidean space at all. Apart from the limited number of discontinuities  , the mapping from pose-space to eigenspace is conformal: that is  , continuous but curved. The tip of the bucket position and its orientation relative to the horizontal are the task space variables being controlled. Selective usage of these elements may be more suited for specific situations of navigation. The output is well-defined  , closed under the operation  , and is unique. These are highly desirable properties for an unsupervised feature mapping which facilitate learning with very few instances. The camera-totarget distance remains constant when the target horizontally translates in a plane parallel to the camera's image plane and simple perspective is used for the image-to-task space mapping. uncertainty in the kinematics mapping which is dynamic dependent. These approaches build maps of an unknown space by selecting longterm goal points for each robot Other approaches focus more mapping I81 19. Since the PCM contains only obstacles in a fixed vicinity of the vehicle  , obstacles "enter" and "leave" the map gradually as the robot moves. We have shown an efficient and robust method for recomputing 3-d Minkowski sums of convex polyhedra under rotation. Bottema and Roth 1979 introduce this mapping directly and study the image curves which represent the coupler motion of a planar four bar linkage. Mapping motion data is a common problem in applying motion capture data to a real robot or to a virtual character . Mapping with only stationary objects  , and localization using entire observations in which the dual sensor model of occupancy grids is applied for range readings from moving objects. They obtain an affordance map mapping locations at which activities take place from learned data encoding human activity probabilities. What follows is a sequence of strings that define the traversal path through the output space of the selected extractor. The second data set contains 2 ,000 data items in 3- dimensional space with 2 clusters the middle one in Fig.3. To calculate the document score for document d i   , the vector space method applies the following equation: We will now show how LSA is as an extension to the VSM  , by using this query mapping. We also consider transforming the NED mapping scores into normalized confidence values. The other primitives are less crucial with respect to the YQL implementation  , and therefore we skip their discussions due to space limitations. Since the adversary only has information about the large itemsets  , he can only find the mappings for items that appear in the background knowledge. However  , mapping an inherently high-dimension data set into a low-dimension space tends to lose the information that distinguishes the data items. The SOM defines a mapping from the input data space onto a usually two-dimensional array of nodes. This is because wild stores rarely touch dirty  , committed pages written by previous transactions. However  , due to space limitation  , we describe the intension to extension mapping only. We also test a number of other standard similarity measures  , including the Vector Space Similarity VSS 3 and others. When decoding the relative strength of active signals in a complex 3d world with different densities of matter – i.e. The mapping  can not be achieved by the system without breaking contact constraints. For the purposes of synthesizing a compliance mapping   , it is assumed that the robotic manipulator and the gripper holding the object can move freely in space without colliding with the environment. In this paper  , we investigate a novel approach to detect sentence level content reuse by mapping sentence to a signature space. the terms or concepts in question. Our use of the stress function is slightly unusual  , because instead of projecting the documents onto a low-dimensional space  , such as R 2   , we are mapping documents to the space of word clouds. Consider a naive indexing approach where a sentence-file stores keyword vectors for the sentences in the collection. Hashing then involves mapping from keys into the new space  , and using the results of Searching to find the proper hash table location. According to the preceding calculations  , both procedures will yield exactly the same ranking. Therefore  , the knowledge of inverse kinematics mapping is of great interest since it allows the path planing to be independent of the geometry of the robot. Currently  , a 7:l position amplification permits comfortable mapping of RALF's full workspace into the workspace of the human operator. The control law is provided by mapping these two spaces as an open-loop schema. Errors in the estimated and actual generalized force were used to drive the system to minimize the external loads projected into the configuration space. These ellipsoids are the mapping froin unitary balls in t ,he velocity/force joint space to the analogous in the task space. The geometric configuration of robot manipulability includes two wellknown types: manipulability ellipsoidl  and manipulability polytope2  , 3 ,4. But a large number of latent intents would greatly increase the cost of mapping queries from book space to the latent intent space. Most tasks  , for example welding  , insertions  , and grasping   , require a higher precision than can be achieved by using artificial forces. The proposed method uses a nullspace vector in the velocity mapping between the q-space and the u-space to guarantee the continuity in the joint velocities. Figure 7shows the trajectory taken by the wheelchair green when the user attempts to follow a leader blue. Practically  , the document space is randomly sampled such that a finite number of samples   , which are called training data R ⊆ R  , are employed to build the model. Bound the marginal distributions in latent space In the previous section  , we have discussed how the marginal distribution difference can be bounded in the space W . Thus  , we develop a mechanism for efficient wordoverlap based reuse 33  by mapping sentence domain context to a multi-dimensional signature space and leveraging range searches in this space. Index schemes: There have been a number of proposals for finding near-duplicate documents in the database and web-search communities 21  , 37  , 10. Relation c can be seen as mapping abstract  , intensional models of design spaces to extensional representations   , namely sets of concrete design variants. The inputs of the system are assembly quality ternis  , i.e. In their original formulation  , these manipulability measures or ellipsoids considered only single-chain manipulators  , and were based on the mapping in task space trough the Jacobian matrix of the joint space unit ,a.ry balls qTq 5 1 and T ~ T 5 1. A kinematic mapping f has a singularity at q when the rank of its Jacobian matrix Jf q drops below its maximum possible value  , which is the smaller of the dimensions k of the joint-space and n of the configuration space. In computational biology  , it has been found that k-mers alone are not expressive enough to give optimal classification performance on genomic data. But what happens if the grasping configuration doesn't follow any of the simple built-in action models ? In its most abstract form  , the forward kinematics of a serial-link manipulator can be regarded as a mapping from joint space to operational space. A unique mapping will need additional constraints  , such as in the form of desired hand or foot position. Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. Resolvability provides a shared ontology  , that is a scheme allowing us to understand the relationships among various visual sensor configurations used for visual control. is the Jacobian matrix and is a function of the extrinsic and intrinsic parameters of the visual sensor as well as the number of features tracked and their locations on the image plane. This set is called The above theorem states that points in the workspace close to obstacles  , relate to points in the configuration space with even less clearance. News articles are also projected onto the Wikipedia topic space in the same way. The motion strategy can be represented as a function mapping the information space onto the control space. In contrast to this direction of research  , relatively little research e.g. These mapping methods are not widely used because they are not as efficient as the VSM. This fact is especially interesting if the data space is non-vectorial. The derivation of t from a induces a mapping  , cl  , from concrete designs to concrete loads parameterized by a choice of abstract load. Space is otherwise completely automatic: it analyzes the target application's source code and returns a list of bugs. A load/store using out of bounds values will immediately result in a hardware trap and we can safely abort the program . In the above definition  , it is equivalent to compute the traditional skyline  , having transformed all points in the new data space where point q is the origin and the absolute distances to q are used as mapping functions. We employ two well-known space-mapping techniques: the Hilbert space-filling curve 15 and iDistance 23. Given a source logical expression space  , a target physical expression space  , and a goal an instance of Goal  , a Mapper instance will return a physical expression that meets whatever constraint is specified by the goal. The condition number and the determinant of the Jacobian matrix being equal to one  , the manipulator performs very well with regard to force and motion transmission. As opposed t o mapping < to new active joint space velocities through a given shape matrix Jcp   , this approach introduces additional joint space velocities using a new shape matrix . Basically  , defuzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control action defined over an universe of discourse into a space of non-fuzzy control actions. Although inany strategies can be used for performing the defuzzifi- cation 8  , we use the height defuzzification method given by where CF is a scale factor. A key component of this measure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. The set of all possible twists at a given position and orientation of a rigid body is the tangent space at that point; it is represented by the tangent space at the origin of a chosen reference frame. Among the collision-free paths that connect the initial and goal configurations  , some may be preferable because they will make more information available to the robot  , hence improving the knowledge of its current state. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 2F shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. Before planning the vision-based motion  , the set of image features must be chosen. Fingerprint-based descriptors  , due to the hashing approach that they use  , lead to imprecise representations  , whereas the other three schemes are precise in the sense that there is a one-to-one mapping between fragments and dimensions of the descriptor space. Dimension reduction is the task of mapping points originally in high dimensional space to a lower dimensional sub-space  , while limiting the amount of lost information. Therefore  , the text query and the retrieved image are mapped to a common k-dimensional latent aspect space  , and then their similarity is measured by a dot product of the two vectors in the kdimensional space  , which is commonly used to measure the matching between textual vectors 1. I Absolute Space Representation: An Absolute Space Representation or ASR 7   , is a cognitive mapping technique used to build models of rooms or spaces visited. Similar to a  we project these unreachable positions back to the closest reachable position in the workspace. In this section  , the results of numerical simulation of the Stiffness mapping between 2-dof cylindrical space and 2-dof joint space using both direct and indirect CCT are presented. The former problem may be solved by the use of perfect hash functions  , such as those proposed in 1 ,2 ,3 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,9 ,10 ,26 ,28 ,301  , where a perfect hash function is defined as a oneto-one mapping frcxn the key set into the address space. As a result of COSA  , they resolve a synonym problem and introduce more general concepts in the vector space to easily identify related topics 10. Then we attempt to learn a bridging mapping matrix  , M  , to map the hash codes from mpdimensional hamming space to mq-dimensional hamming space or vice versa  , by utilizing the cross-modal semantic correlation as provided by training data objects. The indexing relation is of the kind defined in IOTA Ker84In this chapter we present  , first  , the query language structure. If X and Y are input and output universes of discourse of a behavior with a rule-base of size n  , the usual fuzzy if-then rule takes the following form Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. where a k are comers of the n-dimensional unit activation hypercube  , or the set of all combinations of minimally and maximally activated muscles. Dehzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control actions defined over an output universe of discourse into a space of nonfuzzy control actions. A specific form of the ho­ mography is derived and decomposed to interpolate a unique path. Daumé and Brill 5 extracted suggestions based on document clusters that have common top-ranked documents. The concept of robot manipulability means that constraints on joint space are transformed to that of task space through the mapping zk = J q   , or in general the transformation P = A&. The object centered Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space is an essential component of the sensor placement measure .   , it is very tlifficidt to implement and optimize the mapping f l : l iising the mathematical or numeric approaches. In other words  , it is sufficient Remarkably  , in this case the optimization problem corresponds to finding the flattest function in the feature space  , not in the input space. Consequently several projections or maps of the hyperbolic space were developed  , four are especially well examined: i the Minkowski  , ii the upperhalf plane  , iii the Klein-Beltrami  , and iv the Poincaré or disk mapping. One advantage of this is that the high dimensional representation  , e.g. A fundamental assumption for multimodal retrieval is that by mapping objects in a modalityconsistent latent space  , the latent space representations of semantically relevant inter-modal pairs should be consistent. Tradeoffs   , Pareto-optimal solutions  , and other critical information can then be read from the results. The use of a solid arrow to make this connection denotes that this mapping from the problem level to the solution level facilitates two goals  , in this case both the generation of new variants and also expedited navigation. Scans from a triangle of points in pose-space will project to a non-Euclidean triangle of points in eigenspace. This is generated during mapping; as the robot moves into unvisited areas  , it drops nodes at regular intervals  , and when it moves between existing nodes it connects them. A homography is a mapping from 2-D projective space to 2-D projective space  , which is used here to define the 2-D displacement transformation between two ob­ ject poses in the image. A good example of the use of geometry within this application is the mapping of two dimensional views of the roadway into a three dimensional representation which can be used for navigation. Repeatability is guaranteed in the augmented Jacobian method because repeated task-space motion is carried out with repeated joint-space motion  , whereas in the resolved motion method repeatability is not guaranteed. Valuable prior research has been conducted in this direction for learning hashing codes and mapping function with techniques such as unsupervised learning and supervised learning. To alleviate this problem  , we propose a second mapping which transforms the 3D C-space into a discontinuous 2D space of " sliced " C-space obstacles. For each data item in the compressed data  , a backward mapping is necessary to discover the coordinates of the original space  , so that a new position can be computed corresponding to the new requdsted space. This transformed state space is equivalent to the state space consisting of the deflection angles θ and ψ i with its timederivatives . It is clear that the most difficult phase of object recognition is making the pointwise mapping from model to scene. With the FSTM partitioned effectively as an union of hyper-ellipsoids  , we can obtain the mapping from an input space of a dimensions to an output space of f3 dimensions in the N-dimensional augmented space  , a+f31N. Formally  , any density matrix ρ assigns a quantum probability for each quantum event in vector space R n   , thereby uniquely determining a quantum probability distribution over the vector space. We map the human hand motion to control the dexterous robot hand when performing power grasps  , the system adopts the joint space mapping method that motions of human hand joints are directly transferred to the robot hand and the operator can adjust the posture interactively; when performing the precise tasks  , the system adopts the modified fingertip position mapping method. A recent work has shown that a finger or manipulator should have at least the same number of active joints as the number of independent elements of the desired operational compliance matrix to modulate the desired compliance characteristic in the operational space 5. Force sensors are built into HITDLR hand. To find the stiffness in the joint space of each finger  , first we have to compute the unique Jacobian relation; particularly  , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closed-loop structured finger  , the backward mapping is unique 5. Performing this mapping also provides a means to model the relationship between question semantics and existing question-answer semantics which will be discussed further in Sect. This information is augmented with that derived from the set of answer terms  , thus by mapping a query question to the space of question-answers it is possible to calculate its similarity using words that do not exist in the question vocabulary and therefore are not represented in the topic distribution T Q . Relation a  , an abstraction relation  , explains how any given concrete design  , d ∈ cm  , instantiates i.e. This mapping is described by As in 2  , see also 3  , 4  , 5  , 7  , 8  , we assume that the image features are the projection into the 2D image plane of 3D poims in the scene space  , hence we model the action of the camera as a static mapping from the joint robot positions q E JR 2 to the position in pixels of the robot tip in the image out­ put  , denoted y E JR2. This way of sharing parameters allows the domains that do not have enough information to learn good mapping through other domains which have more data. A pointer in each entry of the mapping table would lead to what is essentially an overflow chain stored on the magnetic disc of records that are assigned to the hash bucket but which have not yet been archived on the optical disc. These mapping matrices are calculated for a given coil arrangement by treating the coils as magnetic dipoles in space and are calibrated through workspace measurements as outlined in 11  , 10. where each element of I is current through each of the c coils  , B is a 3 × c matrix mapping these coil currents to the magnetic field vector B and B x   , B y   , B z are the 3 × c matrices mapping the coil currents to the magnetic field spatial gradients in the x  , y and z directions  , respectively. However  , since the thumb and the ATX are coupled by the position constraints at the attachment points  , a unique mapping can be achieved between the degrees of freedom of the thumb and the ATX leading to the redundancy of the coupled system the same as that of the thumb alone. These internal points are hidden within the polytope P and they do not contribute to manipulability information. Using a known object model the interpolation of thi  , desired path can then be represented in the task space by a 3-D reconstruc­ tion or mapped directly to the image space. By performing a singular value decomposition 8 on the task space to sensor space Jacobian  , and analyzing the singular values of J and the eigenvectors of JTJ which result from the decomposition  , the directional properties of the ability of the sensor to resolve positions and orientations becomes apparent. From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. The 3D Tractus was designed to support direct mapping between its physical space to the task virtual space  , and can be viewed as a minimal and inexpensive sketch-based variant of the Boom Chameleon 14. Assuming that spatial and temporal facets of concepts are potentially useful not only in human understanding but also in computing applications  , we introduce a technique for automatically associating time and space to all concepts found in Wikipedia  , providing what we believe to be the largest scale spatiotemporal mapping of concepts yet attempted. In addition to the object-oriented description of a perspective we define a navigation path where the navigation space is restricted depending on the selected perspective. The navigation space is defined by the semantic distance between the initial concept and other related concepts. Determining manipulability polytope requires the mapping of an n-dimensional polytope Q in joint space to an m-dimensional polytope P in task space by the transformation P = AQ with n > m. It is known that one part of the hypercube vertices becomes final zonotope vertices5  while the remainder become internal points of P . In order to incorporate the curiosity information   , we create a user-item curiousness matrix C with the same size as R  , and each entry cu ,i denotes u's curiousness about item i. When users ask for a particular region  , a small cube within the data space  , we can map all the points in the query to their index and evaluate the query conditions over the resulting rows. For each document in X represented as one row in X  , the corresponding row in V explicitly gives its projection in V. A is sometimes called factor loadings and gives the mapping from latent space V to input space X . If intervals are represented more naturally   , as line segments in a two-dimensional value-interval space  , Guttman's R-tree 15  or one of its variants including R+-tree 29 and R*-tree 1  could be used. A sufficient condition is that the mapping defined by the task function between the sensor space and the configuration space is onto for each t within O ,T. We recall that the feasibility of a task defined by a task function and an initial condition lies in the existence of a solution F *  t  to the equation e@  , t  = 0 for each t within O  , TI. According to the Jordan Curve Theorem  , any closed curve homeomorphic t o a circle drawn around and in the vicinity of a given point on an orientable surface divides the surface into two separate domains for which the curve is their common boundaryll. Then  , Space uses the  Alloy Analyzer—an automatic bounded verifier for the Alloy language—to compare the specialized constraints to our pattern catalog which is also specified in Alloy. As this technique offers conceptual simplicity   , it will be pursued. Successively  , this germinal idea was further developed  , considering the dynamics a  , multiple arms 35  , defective systems and different motion capabilities of the robotic devices 6  , 83  , wire-based manipulators  , 9  , 101. So the joint-space trajectories of the thumb can be determined by the joint-space trajectories of the ATX and vice versa. In this paper we describe the 3D Tractus-based robotic interface  , with its current use for controlling a group of robots composed of independent AIBO robot dogs and virtual software entities. This is just one method of generating a query map  , if we look further at types of mappings  , we will realise that the possibilities are endless. Spatial databases have numerous applications  , including geographic information systems  , medical image databases ACF+94   , multimedia databases after extracting n features from each object  , and mapping it into a point in n-d space Jaggl  , FRM94  , as well as traditional databases  , where each record with n attributes can be considered as a point in n-dimensional space Giit94. In order to guarantee the fast retrieval of the data stored in these databases  , spatial access methods are typically used. HiSbase combines these techniques with histograms for preserving data locality  , spatial data structures such as the quad- tree 8 for efficient access to histogram buckets  , and space filling curves 6 for mapping histogram buckets to the DHT key space. As a request must search the Q buckets contained in the fraction of the volume of the address space as defined by the request  , one method of mapping to these buckets would be to generate all possible combinations of attribute sets containing the request attributes and map to the address space one to one for each possible combina- tion. Space Security Pattern Checker finds security bugs in Ruby on Rails 2 web applications  , and requires only that the user provide a mapping from application-defined resource types to the object types of the standard role-based model of access control RBAC 30  , 15 . However they are not adequate to accurately estimate the actual performance achievable at the End Effector EE for two main reasons: the ellipsoids  , or 'hyperellipsoids' in R m   , derive from the mapping to the task space of hyperspheres in the normalized joint space  , while the set of joint performances is typically characterized by hypercubes  , i.e. Since a continuous state s ∈ S specifies the placement of objects  , one can determine whether or not the predicate holds at s. This interpretation of which predicates actually hold at a continuous state provides a mapping from the continuous space to the discrete space  , denoted as a function map S →Q : S → Q. Moreover  , trajectories over S give meaning to the actions in the discrete specification. For the single stance motion  , we modify the animation motion to be suitable for the robot by 1 keeping the stance foot flat on the ground  , and 2 mapping the motion in the Euclidean space into the robot's configuration space. Using our fully decoupled tracker and mapper design and fast image space tracking  , we are able to compute the pose estimates on the MAV in constant time at 4.39 ms while building the growing global map on the ground station. The approach we take is to use an online optimization of one-step lmkahead  , choosing trajectories that maximize the space explored while minimizing the likelihood we will become lost on re-entering the map. each joint performance is bounded by +/-a maximum value; the ellipsoids are formulated using task space vectors that are not homogeneous from a dimensional viewpoint  , to take into account both translational and rotational performances; the weight matrices used to normalize do not provide unique results this problem had already been identified in 5. In such a case there is one dominant direction  , which is reflected in one slot  , see figure 3 -d. The advising orientation depends on the pq-histogram quadrant where the peak is found. Overall  , the mapping of linguistic properties of the quotes in the latent bias space is surprisingly consistent  , and suggest that out-an longer  , variable period of time 32. We do not describe the mechanism of such automation due to the scope and the space limitation of this paper. The proliferation of generated components is the main limitation of the naive method-to-component mapping. The results 812 were encouraging but mixed and revealed some shortcomings of the AspectJ design with respect to its usability in this context. Notice that it is possible for two distinct search keys to be mapped to the same point in the k-dimensional space under this mapping. Schema mappings are inserted at the key space corresponding to the source schema at the overlay layer – or at the key spaces corresponding to both schemas if the mapping is bidirectional: U pdateSchema M apping ≡ U pdateSource Schema Key  , Schema M apping. They use minimal space  , providing that the size is known in advance or that growth is not a problem e.g. By mapping one-dimensional intervals to a two-dimensional space  , we illustrate that the problem of indexing uncertainty with probabilities is significantly harder than interval indexing  , which is considered a well-studied problem. In the information visualization field  , mapping of data variables on the display space is often performed by means of visual attributes like color  , transparency  , object size  , or object position. The local internal schema consists of a logical schema  , storage schema  , level schema. The error involved in such an assignment will increase as the difference in effective table sizes between the new query and the leader increases. Within these triangles  , users were asked to compare the three systems by plotting a point closest to the best performing system  , and furthest from the worst. Similar in spirit  , PSI first chooses a low dimensional feature representation space for query and image  , and then a polynomial model is discriminatively learned for mapping the query-image pair to a relevance score. For example  , the question string " Where is the Hudson River located ? " In a computer implementation  , if the available storage space is scarce  , it is straightforward to devise other mappings from hexagonal to quadractic not necessarily rectangular grids that do not leave empty cells. However  , the large number of cells necessary for precise mapping results in time-consuming grid update procedures. The master workspace was transformed into a cylindrical shaped space to assist the operator in maintaining smooth motion along a curved surface. Finally  , we introduce two applications of ILM that bring out its potential: first  , Diffusion Mapping is an approach where a highly redundant team of simple robots is used to map out a previously unknown environment  , simply by virtue of recording the localization and line-of-sight traces  , which provide a detailed picture of the navigable space. This trajectory  , moreover  , is generate in advance. However  , our experience with doing this using an optimal control approach is that the computational cost of adding many obstacles can be significant. The RRC manipulator used in this task is equipped with a Multibus-based servo control unit located in a separate cabinet. Since there is no natural mapping of documents to vectors in this setting  , the procedure for posts is similar. However  , most existing research on semantic hashing is only based on content similarity computed in the original keyword feature space. Most importantly  , the manipulability definitions are independent of the choice of parametrization for these two spaces  , as well as the kinematic mapping. Due to the geometrical structure of the state space and the nature of the Jacobian mapping between joint velocities and rates of change of a behavioral variable see eq. We have divided the full SLAM problem into a fast monocular image space tracking MIST on the MAV and a keyframe-based smoothing and mapping on the ground station. After examining the relevancy of the datasets using our developed relevancy classifier  , we now use our TIRM mapping scheme in transforming the results into the intention space. Such a peripherally graded pattern was first expressed as a conformal exponential mapping in 21. On the other hand  , the inverse kinematic method has symbolic solutions only in types of manipulator kinematics 7. The mapping between workspace and configuration space is straightforward: A point p in the workspace corresponds to the set of configurations in C which have p as their position. On-line control command is calculated mapped from the learned lookup table with the on-line sampled new sensor signals. Summarizing  , in this paper we present a framework for solving efficiently the k-anonymity and -diversity problems  , by mapping the multi-dimensional quasi-identifiers to 1-D space. In the context of a search engine  , inverted index compression encoding is usually infrequent compared to decompression decoding   , which must be performed for every uncached query. During the mapping of FMSVs  , the most effective heuristic feature sets are selected to ensure reasonable prediction accuracy. This histogram was established from a mapping from a 3D space to 2D ZXplane using the depth inforniation to represent the obstacles in the environment. This will build a mapping of the sensory-motor space to reach this goal. This is another issue that has seen a great deal of exploratory research  , including studies of offices and real desks 6. For example  , pattern matching classes that encode multi- DoF motions 22 or force functions for each joint 9; or direct control within a reduced dimensionality space 14. This dictionary element is therefore represented twice. The space V now consists of all time series extracted from shapes with the above mapping . However  , our study shows that fractal dimensions have promising properties and we believe that these dimensions are important as such. They also use a query-pruning technique  , based on word frequencies  , to speed up query execution. For example  , outlets on the conservative side of the latent ideological spectrum are more likely to select Obama's quotes that contain more negations and negative sentiment  , portraying an overly negative character. The constraints associated with these exposures and the user-provided mapping are passed through a constraint specializer  , which re-casts the constraints in terms of the types in our pattern catalog. Then  , Space uses the Alloy Analyzer to perform automatic bounded verification that each data exposure allowed by the application is also allowed by our catalog. Given the correct user-provided mapping  , the patterns applied by Space were always at least as restrictive We examined the code of the applications in our experiment for precisely this situation—security policies intended based on evidence in the code itself to be more restrictive than the corresponding patterns in our catalog—and found none. Q4 no results presented due to lack of space features the 'BEFORE' predicate which may be expensive to evaluate. This makes it very difficult for GA to identify the correct mapping for an item. Figure 2shows a simple example of query reformulation. Thus  , LSH can be employed to group highly similar blocks in buckets  , so that it suffices it compare blocks contained in the same bucket. To avoid epoch numbers from growing without bound and consuming extra space  , we plan to " reclaim " epochs that are no longer needed. By mapping multi-dimensional data to one-dimensional values  , a one-dimensional indexing method can be applied. Based on the findings from our evaluations  , we propose a hybrid approach that benefits from the strength of the graph-based approach in visualising the search space  , while attempting to balance the time and effort required during query formulation using a NL input feature. This system may be implemented in SMART using the set of modules shown in figure 4. 2  , this direction changes during movement  , even in the absence of other perturbations. Therefore  , we can control the closed-chain system with the same control structure in Equation This immediately provides an important result; the dynamically consistent null space mapping matrix for the closed-chain system is the same as the one for the open-chain system   , N in Equation 9. The time savings would be crucial in real-world applications when the category space is much larger and a real-time response of category ranking is required . But since only partial term-document mapping is preserved  , a loss in retrieval performance is inevitable. The expected disc space consumption for a buffered hashing organization BHash for WORM optical d.iscs is analyzed in 191. Based on that  , a bridging mapping is learned to seamlessly connect these individual hamming spaces for cross-modal hashing . In addition  , superposition events come with a flexible way in quantifying how much evidence the observation of dependency κ brings to its component terms. The order of this list was fixed to give a one-to-one mapping of distinct terms and dimensions of the vector space. Secondly  , transaction language constructs should be functions in the logic such that transactions can be represented as expressions mapping states to states that can be composed to form new transactions . This section contains the results of running several variations of the traversal portion of the 001 benchmark using the small benchmark database of 20 ,000 objects. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection  , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. The two are related quantities with different focuses. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. Whereas LIF well supported recall  , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin  , particularly in terms of purity  , precision  , and rand index. The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . LIF  , on the other hand  , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . The other methods such as LIF and LIB*TF emphasize term frequency in each document and  , with the ability to associate one document to another by assigning term weights in a less discriminative manner  , were able to achieve better recalls. In light of TF*IDF  , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. In each set of experiments presented here  , best scores in each metric are highlighted in bold whereas italic values are those better than TF*IDF baseline scores. We derive two basic quanti-ties  , namely LI Binary LIB and LI Frequency LIF  , which can be used separately or combined to represent documents. 0 Motion prediction. Several variants coexists; among them the Fourier Transform for discrete signals and the Fast Fourier Transform which is also for discrete signals but has a complexity of On · ln n instead of On 2  for the discrete Fourier Transform. This can be calculated in JavaScript. The Fourier coefficients are used as features for the classification. By applying the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT to the ZMP reference   , the ZMP equations can be solved in frequency domain. These feature vectors are used to train a SOM of music segments. Fast Fourier Transform FFT has been applied to get the Fourier transform for each short period of time. Most data visualizations  , or other uses of audio data begin by calculating a discrete Fourier transform by means of a Fast Fourier Transform. This section describes an important when there is an acceleration or deceleration  , the amplitude is greater than a threshold. The Fourier spectrum is normalized by the DC component  , i.e. We modeled FFTs in two steps which are considered separately by the database. In 10 the authors use the Fast Fourier Transform to solve the problem of pattern similarity search. 4shows the beating heart motion along z axis with its interpolation function and the frequency spectrum calculated from off-line fast fourier transform. The Fourier spectrum calculation is proportional to the square of the voltage input signal. First one  , we transform the data into Frequency domain utilizing the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , obtain the derivative using the Fourier spectral method  , and perform inverse FFT to find the derivative in real time domain. This is followed by a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT across the segments for a selected set of frequency spectra to obtain Fourier coefficients modeling the dynamics. The Servo thread is an interrupt service routine ISR which The windows are grouped in two sections: operator windows green softkeys and expert windows blue softkeys. Second one  , numerically calculate the derivative using the finite difference method. Since the temporal data from 'gentle interaction' trials were made of many blobs  , while temporal data from 'strong interaction' trials were mainly made of peaks  , we decided to focus on the Fourier spectrum also called frequency spectrum  which a would express these differences: for gentle interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for lower frequencies while for strong interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for higher frequencies. A fast-Fourier transform was performed on this signal in order to analyze the frequencies involved and the results can be seen in figure 12. The use of the fast Fourier transform and the necessity to iterate to obtain the required solution preclude this method from being used in real time control. Periodically  , the fast Fourier transform FFT yields a signal spectrum: But the bcst way is to determine TI and T2 directly in DSP from input data array xn. The impulse was effected by tapping on the finger with a light and stiff object. The first method is to take the fast Fourier transform FFT of the impulse response for Table 2: Characteristic frequencies for link 2 a given impulse command. Fast Fourier Transform. Each segment  , the entire interval when the sensor is in contact with the object  , is transferred to the frequency domain using Fast Fourier Transform. Since it is hard to pick up the signals during contact phase  , we cannot use the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT technique which converts the signal from time-domain to frequencydomain . As na¨ıvena¨ıve implementations that evaluate the KDE at every input point individually can be inefficient on large datasets  , implementations based on Fast Fourier Transformation FFT have been proposed. To ensure the FFT functioned appropriately  , the data was limited to a range which covered only an integer number of cycles. 1for an example spectrogram. Then the inverse FFT returns the resulted CoM trajectory into time domain. A Fast Fourier Transform FFT based method WiaS employed to compute the robot's C-space. In this method th'e C-space is respresented as the convolution of the robot and workspace bitmaps 19. We identify this noise elements by high frequency and low-power spectrum in the frequenc domain transformed by the fast Fourier transform YFFT. The signal detection operates on a power signal; a Fast Fourier Transform FFT is being done which trans­ forms the signal in time domain into frequency domain. We assume that the torque sensor output is composed of various harmonic waves whose frequencies are unknown. Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. It is often easier to recognize patterns in an audio signal when samples are converted to a frequency domain spectrogram using the Fast Fourier Transform FFT 3  , see Fig. The vibration modes of the flexible beam are identified by the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , and illustrated in Fig. For example  , our Space Physics application 14 requires the FFT Fast Fourier Transform to be applied on large vector windows and we use OS-Split and OS- Join to implement an FFT-specific stream partitioning strategy. The Discrete Cosine Transform DCT is a real valued version of Fast Fourier Transform FFT and transforms time domain signals into coefficients of frequency component. By exploiting a characteristic that high frequency components are generally less important than low frequency components  , DCT is widely used for data compression like JPEG or MPEG. Figure 2shows the impulse expressed as a change in the wavelength of light reflected by an FBG cell and its fast Fourier transform FFT. In an early attempt  , Anuta l  used cross-correlation to search for corresponding features between registered images; later he introduced the idea of using fast Fourier transform. Similar attempts   , using the sum of absolute differences  , were also reported in the early stages of research on this topic. The statistic behaviors for each indicator were determined computing the mean and standard deviation. The one-dimensional Fast Fourier Transform is then applied to this array. Step 2: Since the primary task is to maintain visibility of the target  , the acceptable observer locations are marked. After removing this noise data from the data  , the remaining elements are transformed into the time domain by using the inverse FFT. The resulting frequency spectra are plotted for pitch and roll in Fig. These features are usually generated based on mel-frequency cepstral coefficients MFCCs 7 by applying Fast Fourier transforms to the signal. The sharp pixel proportion is the fraction of all pixels that are sharp. To obtain features  , we calculated the power of the segment of 1 second following the term onset using the fast Fourier transform and applying log-transformation to normalize the signal. However  , it can still be used in open-loop control and other closed-loop control strategies. In 8  , it is shown that the Fast Fourier Transform can be used to efficiently obtain a C-space representation from the static obs1 ,acles and robot geornetry. To better understand the nature of the VelociRoACH oscillations as a function of the stride frequency  , we used Python 3 to compute the fast Fourier transform of each run  , first passed through a Hann window  , and then averaged across repeated trials. Used features. The twenty-tree indicators are : 2 indicators of instant energy  , 3 obtained by fast Fourier transform FFT  , 16 from the computation of mean power frequency MPF and  , others resulting from the energy spectrum of each component derived from the wavelet decomposition of the normalized EMG. The photographs are transformed from spatial domain to frequency domain by a Fast Fourier Transform  , and the pixels whose values surpass a threshold are considered as sharp pixels we use a threshold value of 2  , following 4. The used features are Root Mean Square RMS computed on time domain; Pitch computed using Fast Fourier Transform frequency domain; Pitch computed using Haar Discrete Wavelet Transform timefrequency domain; Flux frequency domain; RollOff frequency domain; Centroid frequency domain; Zero-crossing rate ZCR time domain. They use the Discrete Fourier Transform DFT to map a time sequence to the frequency domain  , drop all but the first few frequencies  , and then use the remaining ones to index the sequence using a R*-tree 3 structure. SOM 14Self Organizing Map or SOFM Self Organizing Feature Map shares the same philosophy to produce low dimension from high dimension. b Self-Organizing Map computed for trajectory-oriented data 20. The training of each single self-orgzmizing map follows the basic seiforganizing map learning rule. An interesting property of hierarchical feature maps is the tremendous speed-up as compared to the self-organizing map. Searching in time series data can effectively be supported by visual interactive query specification and result visualization. Another example of visualization techniques of this category is self-organizing map SOM. Abnormal aging and fault will result in deviations with respect to normal conditions. Moreover  , the self-organidng map was used in 29 for text claeaiflcation. For this experiment we used our own implementation of self-organbdng maps as moat thoroughly described in 30. By determining the size of the map the user can decide which level of abstraction she desires. Locating a piece of music on the map then leaves you with similar music next to it  , allowing intuitive exploration of a music archive. Usually  , the Euclidean distance between the weight vector and the input pattern is used to calculate a unit's activation. Finally  , as a result of these first two steps  , the " cleaned " database can be used as input to a Self-Organizing Map with a " proper " distance for trajectories visualization. Vectors with three components are completed with zero values. As a result of this transformation we now have equi-distant data samples in each frequency band. This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. For each output unit in one layer of the hierarchy a two-dimensional self-organizing map is added to the next layer. Similar to the works described in this paper  , a Self-Organizing Map is used to cluster the resulting feature vectors. These feature vectors are further used for training a Self-Organizing Map. The difference is the risk to loose the exact plot locations over the original projection. After all documents are indexed  , the data are aggregated and sent to the Self-Organizing Map for categorization. Input vectors composed of range-to-obstacle indicators' readouts and direction-to-goal indicator readouts are partitioned into one of predefined perceptual situation classes. The Self-Organizing Map generated a The Arizona Noun Phraser allowed subjects to narrow and refine their searches as well as provided a list of key phrases that represented the collection. The effect of such a dimension reduction in keyword-baaed document mpmmmtation and aubeequent self-organizing map training with the compreaaed input patterns is described in 32 . Another very promising work is 15 which uses a self-organizing feature map SOFM 12 in order to generate a map of documents where documents dealing with similar topics are located near each other. A self-organizing feature map consists of a two-dimensional array of units; each unit is connected to n input nodes  , and contains a ndimensional vector Wii wherein i ,j identifies the unit at location Ci ,jJ of the array. The SOM solution for getting the tabular view would be to construct a self organizing map over the bidimensional projection. Furthermore  , if a general optimality criterion is given at runtime  , a global optimum can be sought along the lower-dimensional self-motion manifold rather than in the complete n-dimensional configuration space. Experimental results organizing an archive of MP3 music are presented in Section 4  , followed by some conclusions as well as an outlook on future work in Section 5. Probably one of the more important advantages is that generative topographic mapping should be open for rigorous mathematical treatment  , an area where the self- . To help analyze the behavior of our method we used a Self-Organizing Map via the SOM-PAK package 9  , to 'flatten' and visualize the high-dimensional density function 2 . In the CI Spider study  , subjects believed it was easier to find useful information using CI Spider with a score of 3.97/5.00 than using Lycos domain search 3.33 or manual within-site browsing and searching 3.23. In section 6 experimental results are reported and in section 7 a conclusion is given. In ll  the classification task is performed by a self-organizing Kohonen's map. The SOM is designed to create a two-dimensional representation of cells topologically arranged according to the inherent metric ordering relations between the samples in the feature space. In order to use the self-organizing map to cluster text documents  , the various texts have to be represented as the histogram of its words. In Figure 6we provide a typical result from training a self-organizing map with the NIHCL data. Using this similarity in a self organizing map  , we found clusters from visitor sessions  , which allow us to study the user behavior in the web. The Arizona Noun Phraser developed at the University of Arizona is the indexing tool used to index the key phrases that appear in each document collected from the Internet by the Internet Spiders. The density maps for three TREC topics are shown in Figure 2above. F@re 6 shows in fact a highly similar classification rum .dt  , in that the various documents are arranged within the two-dimensional output space of the self-organizing map m concordance with their mutual fictional similarity. To summarize the results  , the experiments indicated that basically the came cluster results can be achieved by spending only a fhction of time for the training proceua. Among the most prominent projects in this arena is the WEBSOM system 12 representing over 1 million Usenet newsgroup articles in a single huge SOM. This is followed by a presentation of our approach to automatic organization of music archives by sound similarity in Section 3  , covering feature extraction  , the principles of the Self-Organizing Map  , and the two-layered architecture used to organize music. If information about the topological order of the training data is provided  , or can be inferred   , only a very small data set is required. In order to achieve a higher resolution in the Cspace and to efficiently use the occupied main memory  , we developed a reorganization mechanism of the C-space  , based on Kohonen's self-organizing feature map  , which is stated in section 5. Each neuron computes the Euclidean distance between the input vector x and the stored weight vector Wii. The mapping to the dual plane and the use of arrangements provides an intuitive framework for representing and maintaining the rankings of all possible top-k queries in a non-redundant  , self-organizing manner. To investigate the robustness of this method  , we added the every type ofnoise to the integrated dataset of the three objects and examined rohustness of maps for categorization tasks under that various conditions. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. This evolution will be characterized by a trajectory on a two-dimensional Self-Organizing Map. The similarity introduced  , can be very useful to increase the knowledge about the visitor behavior in the web. One drawback of these types of systems especially for portable devices is that they require large screen real estate and significant visual attention from the user. An exact positioning of the borderline between the various groups of similar documents  , however  , is not as intuitively to datarmine as with hierarchical feature maps that are presented above. Using Kohonen maps allow the robot to organize the models of the three objects based on its embodiment without the designer's intervention because of the self-organizing characteristic of the map. The first and simplest level is trying RaPiD7 out according to the general idea of RaPiD7. Typically  , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7  , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. Furthermore  , JAD sessions are always somewhat formal  , whereas RaPiD7 sessions vary in formality depending on the case. Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist  , too. However  , RaPiD7 is not focusing on certain artifacts or phases of software development  , and actually does not state which kind of documents or artifacts could be produced using the method  , but leaves this to the practitioner of the method. JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents  , 7 steps. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. Three different levels of achievement can be perceived in implementing RaPiD7. In the following  , two approaches  , namely JAD and Agile modeling  , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. Although the methods resemble each other in many ways  , the differences are evident. This can be perceived from results already. On the other hand  , formal RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions can be quite alike. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. The obvious similarity with RaPiD7 is the idea of having well structured meetings in RaPiD7 called workshops in order to work out system details. This is probably why more efforts are put into the preparation work when using JAD  , and why with JAD the typical " from preparation to a finished document -time " is longer than with RaPiD7. Although it might be difficult to get people to change their ways of doing everyday work  , typically the teams trying out RaPiD7 for some time would not give up using it. The goal in RaPiD7 is to benefit the whole project by creating as many of the documents as possible using RaPiD7. The steps of RaPiD7 method are presented in figure 1. Specifically  , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. For the teams applying RaPiD7 systematically the reward is  , however  , significant. The people who would traditionally participate the inspections are the people who will participate the RaPiD7 workshops  , too. The last and final level is to utilize RaPiD7 in a full-scale software project  , and plan the documentation authoring in projects by scheduling consecutive workshops. On the other hand  , there is a clear and valid reason for the aforementioned hesitancy for the applicability of agile modeling. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. The cases differ by the time required  , the people participating the workshops and the techniques used in the workshops. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski  , Oula Heikkinen  , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. The workshops are well prepared  , and innovative brainstorming and problem solving methods are used. Furthermore  , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. Hundreds of people have been involved in making RaPiD7 as a working practice in Nokia. Joint application development JAD is a requirements-definition and user-interface design methodology according to Steve McConnell 4. However  , it suits best for documents that are not product-like in nature. By using RaPiD7 method  , the following benefits are expected to realize:  Artifacts and specifications will be produced in a relatively short time from couple of days to one week  Inspecting the documents will not be typically needed after the document has been authored in a workshop  Communication in projects will be easier and more effective  People can work more flexibly in teams as they all share the same information  The overall quality of artifacts and specifications will be improved  No re-work is needed and hence time is saved  Schedules for workshops in projects are known early enough to plan traveling efficiently  , and thus costs can be reduced 3URFHHGLQJVVRIIWKHWKK ,QWHUQDWLRQDO&RQIHUHQFHHRQ6RIWZDUHHQJLQHHULQJJ ,&6 ¶  , Workshop n. Finished Figure 2  , Creating a document using RaPiD7 RaPiD7 method can be applied for authoring nearly all types of documents. Invitation Figure 1  , Steps of RaPiD7 1 Preparation step is performed for each of the workshops  , and the idea is to find out the necessary information to be used as input in the workshops. Therefore  , the key issue seems to be getting the teams to try out RaPiD7 long enough to see the benefits realizing. Without the efforts of these users we would not have such good results nor would we have RaPiD7 as an institutionalized way of working. In addition  , agile modeling does not provide ways to plan the modeling sessions in your software projects whereas in JAD and RaPiD7 the planning is seen crucial for success. The first workshops  , when trying to find out the right approach for a specific document type  , are the most difficult ones. It is no surprise that these different methods provide and promote similar kind of techniques for effective documentation work. In addition  , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects. After all  , if projects are planned according to RaPiD7 methodology there will be a number of workshops to participate in. This usually requires approximately two to three days of work for the first workshop  , and a few hours for the following workshops. In JAD  , the general idea is to have a workshop or a set of workshops rather than having unlimited number of workshops throughout the project. On the other hand  , agile modeling provides a number of pragmatic ideas how to perform agile modeling sessions to produce certain kind of models. 6 directly with stochastic gradient descent. Initialization. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. Unlike gradient descent  , in SGD  , the global objective function L D θ is not accessible during the stochastic search. However   , there are two difficulties in calculating stochastic gradient descents. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method  , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. 25 concentrates on parallelizing stochastic gradient descent for matrix completion. 6 for large datasets is to use mini-batch stochastic gradient descent. The gradient has a similar form as that of J1 except for an additional marginalization over y h . Random data sample selection is crucial for stochastic gradient descent based optimization. 4  , stochastic gradient descent SGD is further applied for better efficiency 17  , and the iteration formulations are To solve Eqn. is based on stochastic gradient descent  , some parameters such as learning rate need to be tuned. N is the number of stochastic gradient descent steps. Notice that the DREAM model utilize an iterative method in learning users' representation vectors. The objective function can be solved by the stochastic gradient descent SGD. Stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization . This makes each optimization step independent of the total number of available datapoints. Notice that the normalization factor that appears in Eq. The main difference to the standard classification problem Eq. We optimize the model parameters using stochastic gradient descent 6  , as follows: This reduces the cost of calculating the normalization factor from O|V| to Olog |V|. Stochastic gradient descent SGD methods iteratively update the parameters of a model with gradients computed by small batches of b examples. Stochastic gradient descent is a common way of solving this nonconvex problem. With this approach  , the weights of the edges are directly multiplied into the gradients when the edges are sampled for model updating. Also  , stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization. This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. Following a typical approach for on-line learning  , we perform a stochastic gradient descent with respect to the   , S i−1 . where u  , i denote pairs of citing-cited papers with non-zero entries in C. In experiments  , we used stochastic gradient descent to minimize Eq. As O is computed by summing the loss for each user-POI pair  , we adopt the stochastic gradient descent SGD method for optimization . This behavior is quite similar to stochastic gradient descent method and is empirically acceptable. Inspired by Stochastic Gradient Descent updating rules  , we use the gradient of the loss to estimate the model change. When a non-square matrix A is learned for dimensionality reduction   , the resulting problem is non-convex  , stochastic gradient descent and conjugate gradient descent are often used to solve the problem. In order to use gradient descent to find the weight values that maximize our optimization function we need to define a continuous and differentiable loss function  , F loss . Yet  , selecting data which most likely results in zero loss  , thus zero gradients  , simply slows down the optimization convergence. Often  , regularization terms The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. Then we update parameters utilizing Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD until converge. Joint Objective. Strictly speaking the objective does not decouple entirely in terms of φ and ψ due to the matrices My and Ms. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. The problem can be solved by existing numerical optimization methods such as alternating minimization and stochastic gradient descent. In our implementation  , we use the alternating optimization for its amenability for the cold-start settings. SGD requires gradients  , which can be effectively calculated as follows: Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. Section 5 combines variational inference and stochastic gradient descent to present methods for large scale parallel inference for this probabilistic model. This is can be solved using stochastic gradient descent or other numerical methods. We alternatively execute Stage I and Stage II until the parameters converge. where w i is the hypothesis obtained after seeing supervision S 1   , . Retrospectively  , this choice now bears fruit  , as the update exists as an average amenable to stochastic gradient descent. The mini-batch size of the stochastic gradient descent is set as 1 for all the methods. It is similar to batch inference with the constrained optimization problem out of minimizing negative log-likelihood with L2 regularization in Equation 5 replaced by Stochastic gradient descent is used for the online inference . For optimization  , we just use stochastic gradient descent in this paper. It is a fairly standard and publicly available procedure  , which require no any special knowledge or skills. In numerical optimization  , maximization of an optimization function is a standard problem which can be solved using stochastic gradient descent 5. in the training set  , for which the correct translation is assigned rank 1. Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. The prediction of a diverse ranking list is then provided by iteratively maximizing the learned ranking function. Details on how the model is optimized using Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD are given in Section V. This is followed by experiments in Section VI. First  , the number of positive examples would put a lower bound on the mini-batch size. Thus  , next we show how to address this issue such that we can use stochastic gradient descent effectively. Inspired by stochastic gradient descent method  , we propose an efficient way of updating U  , called stochastic learning . Considering the data size of the check-in data  , we use stochastic gradient descent 46 to update parametersˆUparametersˆ parametersˆU C   , ˆ V C   , andˆTandˆ andˆT C . In recommendations   , the number of observations for a user is relatively small. We create CNNs in the Theano framework 29 using stochastic gradient descent with momentum with one convolutional layer  , followed by a max-pooling layer and three fully connected layers. All the CLSM models in this study are trained using mini-batch based stochastic gradient descent  , as described by Shen et al. Since the objective − log py decomposes into the sum of the negative log marginals  , we can use stochastic gradient descent with respect to users for training with GPFM. Finally  , after we obtain these parameters  , for a user i  , if the time slot of her next dining is k  , the top-K novel restaurants will be recommended according to the preference ranking of the restaurants  , which is given as We use stochastic gradient descent 45 to solve this optimization problem. Since the number of parameters is large and there are tremendous amount of training data  , we use stochastic gradient descent SGD to learn the model  , since it is proven to be scalable and effective. We develop a Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD based optimization procedure to learn the context-aware latent representations by jointly estimating context related parameters and users' and items' latent factors. This is not a very restrictive assumption since we use stochastic gradient descent which requires to take small steps to converge. On this basis  , we utilize stochastic gradient descent to conduct the unconstrained optimization. The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. Since there is no closed form solution for the parameters w and b that minimize Equation 1  , we resort to Stochastic Gradient Descent 30  , a fast and robust optimization method. First  , existing OWPC is developed for ranking problem with binary values  , i.e. We employ stochastic gradient descent to learn the parameters   , where the gradients are obtained via backprop- agation 12  , with fixed learning rate of 0.1. We further propose a method to optimize such a problem formulation within the standard stochastic gradient descent optimization framework. In Section 6  , we show state of the art results on two practical problems  , a sample of movies viewed by a few million users on Xbox consoles  , and a binarized version of the Netflix competition data set. While we might be able to justify the assumption that documents arrive randomly   , the n-grams extracted from those documents clearly violate this requirement. This makes the framework well suited for interactive settings as well as large datasets. Each iteration of the stochastic gradient descent in PV-DBOW goes through each word exactly once  , so we use the document length 1/#d to ensure equal regularizations over long and short documents. In fact  , we considered  , also  , model N4 -matrix factorisation via stochastic gradient descent 11  , but it did not produce any significant improvement. Autonomous Motion Department at the Max-Planck- Institute for Intelligent Systems  , Tübingen  , Germany Email: first.lastname@tue.mpg.de for some subsets of data points separating postives from negatives may be easy to achieve  , it generally can be very hard to achieve this separation for all data points. Word embedding techniques seek to embed representations of words. A brief introduction to word embedding. So  , when tackling the phrase-level sentiment classification  , we form a sentence matrix S as follows: for each token in a tweet  , we have to look up its corresponding word embedding in the word matrix W  , and the embedding for one of the two word types. In this paper  , we propose a new Word Embedding-based metric  , which we instantiate using 8 different Word Embedding models trained using different datasets and different parameters. In this work  , we use a similar idea as word embedding to initialize the embedding of user and item feature vectors via additional training data. If a word has no embedding  , the word is considered as having no word semantic relatedness knowledge. We proposed a new Word Embedding-based topic coherence metric  , and instantiated it using 8 different WE models. Current approaches of learning word embedding 2  , 7  , 15  focus on modeling the syntactic context. We adopt the skip-gram approach to obtain our Word Embedding models. a single embedding is inaccurate for representing multiple topics. Hence  , the input sentence matrix is augmented with an additional set of rows from the word type embeddings . The embedding of the word vectors enables the identification of words that are used in similar contexts to a specufic word. Intuitively  , the sentence representation is computed by modeling word-level coherence. As mentioned in Section 3.2  , a parameter is required to determine the semantic relatedness knowledge provided by the auxiliary word embeddings.  WMD  , a word embedding-based framework using the Word Mover's Distance 15  to measure the querydocument relevance  , based on a word embedding vector set trained from Google News 19. From a statistical language modeling perspective  , meaning of a word can be characterized by its context words. By a separately trained word embedding model using large corpus in a totally unsupervised fashion  , we can alleviate the negative impact from limited word embedding training corpus from only labeled queries. In order to address these concerns  , we propose to represent contexts of entities in documents using word embeddings. Using WE word representation models  , scholars have improved the performance of classification 6  , machine translation 16  , and other tasks. In the first phase  , we learn the sentence embedding using the word sequence generated from the sentence. The parameter vector of each ranking system is learned automatically . The BWESG-based representation of word w  , regardless of its actual language  , is then a dim-dimensional vector: The model learns word embeddings for source and target language words which are aligned over the dim embedding dimensions and may be represented in the same shared inter-lingual embedding space. We also use as baselines two types of existing effective metrics based on PMI and LSA. In our case  , we use a random sample of tweets crawled from a different time period to train our word embedding vectors. RQ3: Do the word embedding training heuristics improve the ranking performance  , when added to the vanilla Skip-gram model ? To build the word embedding matrix W W W   , we extract the vocabulary from all tweets present in TMB2011 and TMB2012. We describe how we train the Word Embedding models in Section 5. Each word type is associated with its own embedding. Next  , we present the details of the proposed model GPU-DMM. A typical approach is to map a discrete word to a dense  , low-dimensional  , real-valued vector  , called an embedding 19. The resulting vocabulary contains 150k words out of which only 60% are found in the word embeddings model. We create an embedding feature for each attribute using these word vectors as follows. Intuitively  , affirmative negated words are mapped to the affirmative negated representations  , which can be used to predict the surrounding words and word sentiment in affirmative negated context. We omit Raw for word-sequence embedding w W S because there is no logic in comparing word-sequence vectors of two different documents. Each dimension in the vector captures some anonymous aspect of underlying word meanings. We begin with a brief introduction to word embedding techniques and then motivate how can these be applied in IR. We separately evaluate the utility of temporal modeling via staleness by introducing the Staleness only method that includes the F t features. This method needs lots of hierarchical links as its training data. These metrics use Word Embedding models newly trained using the separate Twitter background dataset  , but making use of the word2vec 5 tool. Theoretically   , word embedding model is aiming to produce similar vector representation to words that are likely to occur in the same context. Word embedding as technique for representing the meaning of a word in terms other words  , as exemplified by the Word2vec ap- proach 7 . Federated search is a well-explored problem in information retrieval research. an MS-Word document. These metrics are instantiated using Word Embedding models from Wikipedia 4 and Twitter  , pre-trained using the GloV e 12 tool. Table 1summarizes the notations used in our models. Finally  , to compute term similarity we used publicly available 5 pre-trained word embedding vectors. Based on Word2Vec 6  , Doc2Vec produces a word embedding vector  , given a sentence or document. In the model  , bags-of-visual terms are used to represent images. This situation does not take the sentiment information into account. Here we propose to learn the affirmative and negated word embedding simultaneously . In order to evaluate the effect of adding word embeddings  , we introduce two extensions to the baselines that use the embedding features: Embedding  , Single that uses a single embedding for every document F c e features  , and Embedding  , POS that maintains different embeddings for common nouns  , proper nouns and verbs F p e features; see Section 3.1 for details. LSTM outputs a representation ht for position t  , given by    , xT }  , where xt is the word embedding at position t in the sentence. We follow recent successes with word embedding similarity and use in this work: The closer the function's value is to 1 the more similar the two terms are. The relationships among words are embedded in their word vectors  , providing a simple way to compute aggregated semantics for word collections such as paragraphs and documents . Given the wide availability of standard word embedding software and word lists for most languages  , both resources are significantly easier to obtain than manually curating lexical paraphrases   , for example by creating WordNet synsets. Specifically  , in this work we employ the SkipGram algo- rithm 25 which learns word embedding in an unsupervised way by optimizing the vector similarity of each word to context words in a small window around its occurrences in a large corpus. A word embedding is a dense  , low-dimensional  , and realvalued vector associated with every word in a vocabulary such that they capture useful syntactic and semantic properties of the contexts that the word appears in. Therefore  , neural word embedding method such as 12  aims to predict context words by the given input word while at the same time  , learning a real-valued vector representation for each word. This objective is fulfilled by either having a layer to perform the transformation or looking up word vectors from a table which is filled by word vectors that are trained separately using additional large corpus. Similarities are only computed between words in the same word list. Two categories of word analogy are used in this task: semantic and syntactic. Word- Net is an expensive resource that was relied upon by the LSH-FSD system of 11 to obtain high FSD effectiveness. Distance Computation between regional embeddings After learning word embeddings for each word w ∈ V  , we then compute the distance Figure 2: Semantic field of theatre as captured by GEODIST method between the UK and US. In 18  , convolutional layers are employed directly from the embedded word sequence  , where embedded words are pre-trained separately. In our method  , we do the latter  , using already induced word embedding features in order to improve our system accuracy. The idea of having bilingual contexts for each pivot word in each pseudo-bilingual document will steer the final model towards constructing a shared inter-lingual embedding space. Because of the compactness  , the embedding can be efficiently stored and compared. Then  , two paralleled embedding layers are set up in the same embedding space  , one for the affirmative context and the other for the negated context  , followed by their loss functions. First  , since the neural language model essentially exploits word co-occurrence in a text corpus   , for a label of relatively low occurrence  , its embedding vector could be unreliable for computing its similarity to images and other labels. Source code is often paired with natural language statements that describe its behavior. The model learns word embeddings for source and target language words which are aligned over the dim embedding dimensions and may be represented in the same shared inter-lingual embedding space. From an embedding point of view  , θ d is document d's projection in a low-dimensional nonnegative topical embedding 7. Specifically we discuss the learning of word embeddings   , the aligning of embedding spaces across different time snapshots to a joint embedding space  , and the utilization of a word's displacement through this semantic space to construct a distributional time series. Further  , using a single Figure 7: Macro P-R-F1-SU over confidence cutoffs bedding Embedding  , Single outperforms multiple embeddings representations Embedding  , POS  , indicating word embeddings implicitly capture the various parts of speech in their representation. The results shown in Table 5 compare the LR system introduced in 46 with a number of systems that use word embeddings in the one-and two-vocabulary settings  , as follows: LR+WE 1 refers to combining the one-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the six features of the LR system from 46  , LR+WE 2 refers to combining the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the LR system  , WE 1 refers to using only the one-vocabulary wordembedding-based features  , and WE 2 refers to using only the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features. The readers can find advanced document embedding approaches in 7. Using a single word embedding to represent multiple such topics may result in embeddings that conflate them  , i.e. Three layers are presented in SG++  , namely the syntactic layer  , the affirmative layer and the negation one. An input instance of DREAM model consists a series of baskets of items  , which are sequential transactions of a specific user. RQ4: Do the modified text similarity functions improve the ranking performance  , when compared with the original similarity function in 28 ? and word embedding for terms into a standalone version that can be applied to any document collection to facilitate efficient event browsing. Induce the set of bilingual word embeddings BWE using the BWESG embedding learning model see sect. To identify the usefulness of these WE-based metrics  , we conducted a large-scale pairwise user study to gauge human preferences. The work presented by 12  , 16  proves that the features of a sentence/document can be learnt through its word embedding. In this paper  , we propose an advanced Skip-gram model SG++ to learn better word embedding and negation for Twitter sentiment classification efficiently. Questions QA pairs from categories other than those presented previously . Hence  , we use the entire input paragraph and compute a vector representation given a Doc2Vec model created on a Wikipedia corpus. For example  , word vector representations of xml and nonterminal are very similar for the W3C benchmark l2 norm. Unlike these continuous space language models 30  , 31  , CLSM can project multi-word variable length queries into the embedding space.  We generated QR codes by first converting PDF documents into Microsoft Word™ format and then embedding the QR tag in the document to be printed. Hence  , we are motivated to establish a novel approach  , not only focusing on learning sentiment-specific word embedding efficiently  , but also capturing the negation information. In this paper  , we study the vector offset technique in the context of the CLSM outputs. When examining words nearby query terms in the embedding space  , we found words to be related to the query term. Further more  , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data. Each PS shard stores input and output vectors for a portion of the words from the vocabulary. However  , researchers 13  , 44  , 45 have proposed methods to infer semantically related software terms  , and have built software-specific word similarity databases 41  , 42. We expect that learning word embeddings on a larger corpora such that the percentage of the words present in the word embedding matrix W W W should help to improve the accuracy of our system. We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. The training objective is to find word representations such that the surrounding words the syntactic context can be predicted in a sentence or a document. As shown in Figure 1  , the auxiliary word embeddings utilized in GPU-DMM is pre-learned using the state-of-the-art word embedding techniques from large document collections. Moreover  , similar to the situation observed with answer selection experiments  , we expect that using more training data would improve the generalization of our model. To the best of our knowledge  , word embedding techniques have not been applied before to solve information retrieval tasks in SE. By embedding background knowledge constructed from Wikipedia  , we generate an enriched representation of documents  , which is capable of keeping multi-word concepts unbroken  , capturing the semantic closeness of synonyms  , and performing word sense disambiguation for polysemous terms. Methods like this rely on large labeled training set to cover as much words as possible  , so that we can take advantage of word embedding to get high quality word vectors.  We propose and study the task of detecting local text reuse at the semantic level. However  , it remains to be seen whether Word Embedding can be effectively used to evaluate the coherence of topics in comparison with existing metrics. Inserting a QR code into the Word document's main body has the potential to change the layout of the document. In many CNN based text classification models  , the first step is to convert word from one-hot sparse representation to a distributed dense representation using Word Embedding . Moreover  , since dimensionality of word vector is fixed during word embedding training  , feature-level modeling also perfectly deals with unfixed length of queries. Large-vocabulary neural probabilistic language models for modeling word sequence distributions have become very popular re- cently 8  , 43  , 44. We first define the existing PMI & LSA-based metrics before introducing the new Word Embedding-based metric to evaluate the coherence of topics. This change leads to learning rich and accurate representation compared to the previous model  , which freezes the word vectors while learning the document vectors.  Inspired by the advantages of continuous space word representations  , we introduce a novel method to aggregate and compress the variable-size word embedding sets to binary hash codes through Fisher kernel and hashing methods. More concretely  , to automatically construct the lexical paraphrase matrix we follow a simple three-step procedure: Learn Word Embeddings: Learn a set of word embedding vectors using Word2vec 9  on a background corpus containing the same type of documents that are to be expanded. All prior work critically requires sentence-aligned parallel data and readily-available translation dic- tionaries 14  , 11 to induce bilingual word embeddings BWEs that are consistent and closely aligned over languages. The lowdimensionality of the embeddings as compared to vector space models hundreds instead of millions make them an elegant solution to address lexical sparsity in settings with very few labels Turian et al. All words in the embedding space retain their " language annotations " ; although the words from two different languages are represented in the same semantic space  , we still know whether a word belongs to language LS e.g. For example  , if we expect a document containing the word north to have a higher-thanaverage probability of being relevant to a WHERE question  , we might augment the WHERE question with the word north. Our objective is to take advantage of this property for the task of query rewriting  , and to learn query representations in a lowdimensional space where semantically similar queries would be close. We learned 3 the mapping of 300  , 000 words to a 100-dimension embedded space over a corpus consisting of 7.5 million Web queries  , sampled randomly from a query log. The comparison is based on Hamming Embedding  , which compresses a descriptor's 64 floating numbers into a single 64-bit word while preserving the ability to estimate the distance between descriptors. In this submission  , we introduce a semi-supervised approach suitable for streaming settings that uses word embedding clusters and temporal relevance to represent entity contexts. Note that this does not automatically mean  , that a 0.7 similarity also means that the predicted answer has high accuracy  , but only gives an indication of its relatedness on basis of the selected word embedding. We now get to our main result  , which is split into two parts  , corresponding to the exact matching and soft matching settings. In the conventional PS system  , the word embedding training can be implemented as follows. First  , we briefly introduce Word2Vec  , a set of models that are used to produce word embeddings  , and Doc2Vec  , a modification of Word2Vec to generate document embeddings  , in Section 4.1. The second approach is to launch the G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in a document  , such as a Microsoft Word file or HTML file. This has the effect of labeling an attribute as negative either if its frequency PMI is low relative to other positive attributes or its word embedding is far away from positive attributes. The main motivations for using word2vec for our automatic evaluation were twofold: 1 Verifying whether two texts convey the same meaning is a sub-problem to Question-Answering itself. We use the methodology explained in Section 4 to examine whether the WE-based metric can capture the coherence of topics from tweets  , and how well WE  , PMI  , and LSA metrics compare with human judgements. The joint probability on the words  , classes and the latent variables in one document is thus given by:  different proportion of the topics  , and different topics govern dissimilar word occurrences  , embedding the correlation among different words. Recently  , RNN approaches to word embedding for sentence modeling 5  , sequential click prediction 10 ket recommendation. C3 We construct a novel unified framework for ad-hoc monolingual MoIR and cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR which relies on the induced word embeddings and constructed query and document embeddings. In order to present the document d in the dim-dimensional embedding space induced by the BWESG model  , we need to apply a model of semantic composition to learn its dim-dimensional vector representation − → d . Topic modelling approaches can be used by scholars to capture the topics discussed in various corpora  , including news articles  , books 5 and tweets 4  , 15. We segmented each page into individual words by embedding the Bing HTML parser into DryadLINQ and performing the parsing and word-breaking on our compute cluster. Prior work captured the effect of excessive terms appearing only in the document on the ranking score mainly by their contribution to overall document context or structure. In this section we describe experimental evaluation of the proposed approach  , which we refer to as hierarchical document vector HDV model. This approach is particularly useful in that it provides seamless access to personalized projects from other applications. Inspired by the superior results obtained by the neural language models  , we present a two-phase approach  , Doc2Sent2Vec  , to learn document embedding. Another popular method is the Partial Least Squares PLS 31 that learns orthogonal score vectors by maximizing the covariance between different multimodal data. Using two Twitter datasets  , our results show that the new Word Embedding-based metrics outperform the PMI/LSA-based ones in capturing the coherence of topics in terms of robustness and efficientness. It is intriguing that the LINE2nd outperforms the state-of-the-art word embedding model trained on the original corpus. We employ an embedding layer in our shallow model for the same reasons as mentioned above: we learn continuous word representations that incorporate semantic and syntactic similarity tailored to an expert's domain. UNIX editing system  , embedding within the text of the reports certain formatting codes. The basic Skip-gram model we adopt here is introduced by 7 to learn word embedding from text corpus. In addition  , we are not aware of prior work that directly applies it to a large set of standard LTR features   , specifically using similarity between word embedding vectors for lexical semantics compared to the well studied translation models for this usage. Since FVs are usually high-dimensional and dense  , it makes the system less efficient for large-scale applications. According to the framework of Fisher Kernel  , text segments are modeled by a probability density function. The Word2vec model requires training in order to learn the word embedding space  , and this was realised using an additional corpus of Google news and Yahoo! Moreover  , following the recent trend of multilingual word embedding induction e.g. When operating in multilingual settings  , it is highly desirable to learn embeddings for words denoting similar concepts that are very close in the shared inter-lingual embedding space e.g. In the context of NLP  , distributed models are able to learn word representations in a low-dimensional continuous vector space using a surrounding context of the word in a sentence  , where in the resulting embedding space semantically similar words are close to each other 31. We show that WE-based monolingual ad-hoc retrieval models may be considered as special and less general cases of the cross-lingual retrieval setting i.e. The training objective then is to maximize the probability of words appearing in the context of word w i conditioned on the active set of regions A. Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. On the other hand  , it is this kind of label that we want to tackle via zero shot learning otherwise we could choose to harvest training examples from the Internet. Since the model depends on the alignment at the document level  , in order to ensure the bilingual contexts instead of monolingual contexts  , it is intuitive to assume that larger window sizes will lead to better bilingual embeddings. Ganguly et al 14 employed similarity between word embedding vectors within a translation model for LMIR as means to overcome the lexical gap between queries and documents   , where it outperformed a language model extended with latent topics. Given the quality issues in the output of NER on Wikipedia  , we are also working on the extraction of named entities from Wikipedia based on internal links  , with the aim of constructing a more accurate version of the Wikipedia LOAD graph as a community resource. Our evaluation shows that TagAssist is able to provide relevant tag suggestions for new blog posts. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. In all  , we collected and analyzed 225 responses from a total of 10 different judges. The system takes a new  , untagged post  , finds other blog posts similar to it  , which have already been tagged  , aggregates those tags and recommends a subset of them to the end user. To evaluate TagAssist  , we used data provided to use by Technorati  , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. One of the interesting results from our human evaluation is the relevance score for the original tags assigned to a blog post. While TagAssist did not outperform the original tag set  , the performance is significantly better than the baseline system without tag compression and case evaluation. We are currently investigating techniques to identify these effectively tagged blog posts and hope to incorporate it into future versions of TagAssist. We use the log-likelihood LL and the Kolmogorov-Smirnov distance KS-distance 8 to evaluate the goodness-of-fit of and . In general  , a better fit corresponds to a bigger LL and/or a smaller KS-distance. The criterion used to1 detect this phenomena comes from the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 13. A more difficult bias usually causes a greater proportion of features to fail KS. The tasks compared the result 'click' distributions where the length of the summary was manipulated. D is the maximum vertical deviation as computed by the KS test. In all cases  , the PL hypothesis provides a p-value much lower than 0.1 our choice of the significance level of the KS-test. The HEC utilizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test to determine the compactness of a data cluster 13  , and decide if a node should be divided mitosis to better model what might be two different clusters. Moreover  , two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test of the samples in the two groups indicates that the difference of the two groups is statistically significant . Their methods automatically estimate the scaling parameter s  , by selecting the fit that minimizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS D − statistic. To answer RQ1  , for each action ID we split the observed times in two context groups  , which correspond to different sets of previous user interactions  , and run the two-sample twosided Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 14 to determine whether the observed times were drawn from the same distribution. Tague and Nelson 16 validated whether the performance of their generated queries was similar to real queries across the points of the precision-recall graph using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS Test. It reaches a maximum MRR of 0.879 when trained with 6 data sources and then saturates  , retaining almost the same MRR for higher number of training data sources used. 3 These judgements were analysed with the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov test KS test to determine whether two given samples follow the same distribution 15. Similar to the Mann-Whitney test  , it does not assume normal distributions of the population and works well on samples with unequal sizes. The KS test is slightly more powerful than the Mann-Whitney's U test in the sense that it cares only about the relative distribution of the data and the result does not change due to transformations applied to the data. While this difference is visually apparent  , we also ensure it is statistically significant using two methods: 1 the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test  , and 2 a permutation test  , to verify that the two samples are drawn from different probability distributions. We also considered the two-sample Kolmogorov -Smirnov KS Test 6  , a non-parametric test that tests if the two samples are drawn from the same distribution by comparing the cumulative distribution functions CDF of the two samples. The null hypothesis states that the observed times were drawn from the same distribution  , which means that there is no context bias effect. We have thus demonstrated how the Kolmogorov- Smirnov Test may be used in identifying the proportion of features which are significantly different within two data samples. The basic idea of the triple jump framework is to perform two iterations of bound or overrelaxed bound optimization to obtain γ  , and compute the next search point with a large η. It is based on three steps of data splitting   , which represent a so-called " smart search " of the jump points. How do we get this jump into picking up articles that really do not contain the proper search word ? Only concepts under expanded branches are considered during the search. Expecting to find a HTML button  , they may press " B " to jump only among buttons narrowing down their search space and reducing the amount of information they have to listen to. Planner 2 is resolution complete when all the jump points are considered. This paper focuses on find-similar's use as a search tool rather than as a browsing interface. Search options and all information needed to use the search box must be placed before the box since the screen reader cannot " jump " back and forth as the eyes could. The additional search-engine data structures ensure that we have at most one disk access per operation. We also see in this experiment that the MKS metric is fairly consistent with Recall. The search function has several issues—the scroll bar shows pink markers where the results appear but there is no jump to hit. Using such a technique leads to a significant increase in its efficiency. Appropriate labels must be given for input boxes and placed above or to the left of the input boxes. Since the size of Google's search space is unknown  , we cannot jump to the conclusion that our system outperforms Google's spelling suggestion system. While annotators must answer all questions before they can complete a policy annotation task  , they can jump between questions  , answer them in any order  , and edit their responses until they submit the task. Expert users would employ element-specific navigation allowing them to jump back and forth among elements of certain HTML type: buttons  , headings  , edit fields  , etc. The abstract page displays a full meta-record title  , authors  , abstract  , rights etc. However  , we cannot search the C-Space in the same manner with conventional obstacle avoidance problems because graspless manipulation may be irreversible and regrasping causes discontinuous ' ?jump " in this C-Space. Such organized image search results will naturally enable a user to quickly identify and zoom into a subset of results that is most relevant to her query intent. The bottom part displays page content  , with search terms highlighted; a text box lets users jump directly to specific pages  , and prev/next buttons let users scroll through the book a page at a time. For instance  , the maximum step size should not exceed the minimum obstacle dimension so that the moving object would not jump through an obstacle from one configuration to the next. Thus  , if search engines can identify high quality pages early on and promote them for a relatively short period  , the pages can achieve its eventual popularity significantly earlier than under the random-surfer model. Operations loc and next are easily implemented with a linked-list data structure  , while for nextr search engines augment the linked lists with tree-like data structures in order to perform the operation efficiently. Utility views are available as appropriate at all three levels of pages: domain  , vocabulary  , and book. While serendipity is difficult to design for by definition  , it can be supported through discriminability: it is important that it is obvious to a user when such items come into view – that the descriptions of items make their nature clear. Judges could browse a book sequentially or jump to a page  , browse using the hyperlinked table of contents  , search inside the book  , and visit the recommended candidate pages listed on the Assessment tab. Alternatively   , pointing at the 'search' item in the control window causes the text window to display the next occumence of the searched-for item. The locations of matching areas following a query are represented on the video timeline  , with button access to quickly jump forward and back through match areas. Teleporting is a search strategy where the user tries to jump directly to the information target  , e. g.  , the query 'phone number of the DFKI KM-Group secretary' delivers the document which contains the wanted phone number 23. Semantic teleporting does not deliver the document which contains the wanted phone number but the phone number itself. Scenario. Several issues must be resolved to realize this basic idea. Furthermore  , the result set from navigation is more likely to suggest relevant possible query reformulation terms along the way  , so that users can refine their own search queries and 'jump' closer before resuming navigation. a syntactic component . These nodes are treated by making a random jump whenever the random walk enters a dangling node. For example  , web pages for search tasks like " purchase computers "   , " maintain hardware " and " download software " are all linked with the Lenovo homepage 2   , and hyperlinks are also built among these web pages for users to jump from one task to another conveniently. To illustrate the effect of this query  , it is worthwhile to jump ahead a bit and show the results on our implemented prototype. We also present and evaluate jump indexes  , a novel trustworthy and efficient index for join operations on posting lists for multi-keyword queries. If he does not remember the right set of keywords to directly jump to this page  , it certainly would be nice if enhanced desktop search  , based on his previous surfing behavior  , would support him by returning the Microsoft home page  , as well as providing the list of links from this page he clicked on during his last visit. Accordingly  , we approximately represent this C-Space by a directed graph referred to as " manipulation-feasibility graph 3; we' conslruct nodes of the graph by discretizing the C-Space  , ana connect the nodes with directed arcs. Real Presenter does provide an integrated table of contents for each presentation so viewers can jump ahead to a particular slide but it doesn't provide keyword or text searches across multiple presentations. For example  , if users jump to Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Conversely  , in MT CLOSED  , the singleton i is not disregarded during the mining of subsequent closed itemsets. Although not directly comparable due to different test conditions  , different searches  , etc. In the modern object-oriented approach to search engines based on posting lists and DAAT evaluation  , posting lists are viewed as streams equipped with the next method above  , and the next method for Boolean and other complex queries is built from the next method for primitive terms. Another  , third kind of global steps is used toleavethe information system or to suspend the Preconditions: have to be true before an action can be acf.i- vated  , Example: Before a presentation of retrieved data can be generated  , the search providing the datarequiredby theselected presentation form must be completet Action: may be divided into two parts: a main action  , which is always required  , and one or more additional actions  , which can be optional or required  , Example Domain actions like 'formulate a query concerning workshops' may have an additional action like 'ask for terminology support for the workshop topic " xyz' " ; a domain action like 'present the retrieved workshops and their related topics' as the main action can be elaborated by an additional action like 'explain the difference between the presentation forms  Example presenting 'workshops' and their 'topics': according to the goals the user defined in the beginning of the dialogue  , the prcscmtation should present complctc information or in form of an overview. For each query  , traditional query expansion often selects expansion term by co-occurrence statistics. Section 4 describes query expansion with ontologies. In Table 2  , Query Expansion indicates whether query expansion is used. To extract features related to query expansion  , we first name the origin query offered by TREC'14 OriginQuery. Hashtag query expansion with association measure HFB2a. Three methods of query expansion were investigated: plurals and singular expansion; stemming; and synonym expansion. For the query expansion component  , we adopt twostage PRF query expansion with HS selection strategy. They found that posttranslation query expansion  , i.e. The query expansion module employs a wide range of query expansion methods that can not only enrich the query with useful term additions but also identify important query terms. This shows the limitation of the current expansion methods. Additionally  , in Table 4  , we see no marked difference between using query noise reduction with query expansion on the body of the documents only  , and using query noise reduction with query expansion on more document fields. Query expansion  , such as synonym expansion  , had shown promising results in medical literature search. The expansion terms are extracted from top 100 relevant documents according to the query logs. We investigate the following query expansion strategies: related terms only  , subsumption only  , full expansion. & %  '   , document expansion is beneficial for both short and terse queries  , but this advantage disappears as the level of query expansion increases.  Which ontological relationships are suitable for automatic query expansion; which for interactive query expansion ? For example  , based on the CNF query in Section 2.2  , the diagnosis method is given the keyword query sales tobacco children. Finally  , we propose a novel selective query expansion mechanism which helps in deciding whether to apply query expansion for a given query. Query expansion. We adopt three query expansion methods. Although the effect from adding more expansion terms to a query term diminishes  , for the query terms that do need expansion  , the effects of the expansion terms are typically additive  , the more the expansion the better the performance. Query Expansion. In this paper  , we are concerned with automatic query expansion.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. Automatic query expansion approaches AQE have been the focus of research efforts for many years. The query expansion method which uses implicit expansion concept is referred to as IEC. The composite effects of query expansion and query length suggest that WebX should be applied to short queries  , which contain less noise that can be exaggerated by Web expansion  , and non-WebX should be applied to longer queries  , which contain more information that query expansion methods can leverage. In this section  , we introduce several semantic expansion features on basis of query expansion and document expansion. 2 Performance improvement over the no expansion baseline is significant even when only including one expansion term for one query term. They made use of only individual terms for query expansion whereas we utilize keyphrases for query expansion. For query expansion  , we made use of the external documents linked by the URLs in the initial search results for query expansion. Parameterized query expansion generalizes and unifies several of the current state-of-the-art concept weighting and query expansion approaches. Our automatic query expansion included such techniques as noun phrase extraction  , acronym expansion  , synonym identification  , definition term extraction  , keyword extraction by overlapping sliding window  , and Web query expansion. Two types of expansions are obtained: concept expansion and term expansion. The query expansion methodology follows that query expansion is applied or not respectively. For query expansion  , besides the commonly used PRF  , we also made use of the search result from Google for query expansion. We also applied and evaluated advanced search options. Our third baseline is obtained by performing federated retrieval without query expansion BSNE. Without query expansion  , the difference between short and long queries is 0.0669. Therefore  , by performing query expansion using the MRF model  , we are able to study the dynamics between term dependence and query expansion. As expected  , query expansion is more useful for short queries  , and less useful for long queries. Without query expansion  , longer queries usually outperform the shorter queries Figure 7. Furthermore  , the investigator himself may intervene and edit the query directly. With query expansion  , however  , query length has opposite effect on WebX and non-WebX methods. Parameterized query expansion provides a flexible framework for modeling the importance of both explicit and latent query concepts. We first classify each query into different categories. In our experiments with R = 100  , on average WIKI. LINK only considered approximately 200 phrases for query expansion per query  , whereas using the top 10 documents from Wikipedia in PRF. WIKI considered approximately 9000 terms. al 29 considered acronym expansion. External sources for expansion terms  , i.e. The increase in performance without query expansion is substantial  , however  , the difference remains small after query expansion. Ruthven 25 used a range of query expansion terms from 1 to 15  , and found that providing the system with more query expansion terms did not necessarily improve retrieval performance. In addition to the official numbers obtained with query expansion using both BRF and PBRF  , the results for the 3 other configurations no query expansion  , query expansion with BRF and query expansion with PBRF are also provided. In monolingual IR  , Sparck Jones 21 proposed a query expansion technique which adds terms obtained from term clusters built based on co-occurrences of terms in the document collection. External expansion on a cleaner e.g. In the two short query results  , nttd8me is query expanded and nttd8m has no query expansion. In contrast to the Global method  , our first expansion strategy performs server-specific query expansion. This technique may be of independent interest for other applications of query expansion. Retraining the query expansion mechanism on the reduced queries could provide fairer grounds for comparing the effect of query noise reduction with query expansion. In addition  , other dictionaries were built to perform query expansion. The query types and expansion term categories are as follow. 3  , uses query-expansion the favor recent tweets. These previous studies suggested that query expansion based on term co-occurrences is unlikely to significantly improve performance 18. Excessive document expansion impairs performance as well. Query expansion can be performed either manually or automatically. During opinion retrieval task  , we are concerned with semi-automatic query expansion. Typically  , previous research has found that interactive query expansion i.e. Besides thesaurus based QE described in section 1 and 2  , we proposed a new statistical expansion approach called local co-occurrence based query expansion  , shown in section 3. these expansion terms for each selected query term  , the diagnostic expansion system forms an expansion query and does retrieval. For topic 78  , query expansion also reduces the variation due to restatement but the two expansion systems do this differently. Our results show that query expansion on Title and Description fields with appropriate weighting can yield better performance. In their approach  , only terms present in the summarized documents are considered for query expansion. Table 6shows the results for five query expansion iterations. Section 3 provides the details of our relation based query expansion technique. Since majority of the queries were short  , a query expansion module had to be designed. Furthermore  , terms are added even if a query expansion does not give good expansion terms. Assuming 2 seconds per query  , on average  , this translates into approximately 200 KB per hour for the LCA expansion. The collection dependent expansion strategy adds a fixed number of terms to each query within a test collection. Second  , English query expansion adds more than Chinese; apparently the benefit of a far larger corpus outweighs translation ambiguity. The temporal query-expansion approach also outperformed the recencybased query-expansion approach UNCRQE. We used word co-occurrence measure of Z-score to select the query expansion terms. More specifically  , we are concerned with query expansion in service to hashtag retrieval. We refer different combinations of such relations as the query expansion strategy. Query expansion on document surrogates has a better retrieval performance in terms of Top10 AP than query expansion on the raw documents. The three methods were synonym expansion  , relation expansion  , and predication expansion. Comparing the query expansion and document expansion for the tie-breaking  , the query expansion is even worse. Our recency-based query-expansion approach is a slight modification of the query-expansion method described in Massoudi et al. LCE is a robust query expansion model that provides a mechanism for modeling term dependencies in query expansion. We then use term proximity information to calculate reliable importance weights for the expansion concepts. The first concerns which index files to use for the expansion  , and the second how to weight the query terms after the expansion stage. A more recent study by Navigli and Velardi examined the use of expansion terms derived from WordNet 10  , coming to the conclusion that the use of gloss words for query expansion achieved top scores for the precision@10 measure  , outmatching query expansion by synsets and hyperonyms  , for example. We incorporate a user-driven query expansion function. We incorporated all of our twitter modules with other necessary modules  , i.e. We examined query expansion by traditional successful techniques  , i.e. Previous query expansion techniques are based on bag of words models. We also experimented with proper nouns in query expansion. Query Expansion and MEDLINE. We think the reasons of the poor performance could be as follow. Most previous query expansion approaches focus on text  , mainly using unigram concepts. Figure 8shows the part of the configuration for Topic 78 produced by the systems with query expansion. Our system with query expansion using Wikipedia performs better than the one only with description. Section 5 evaluates five different stemming schemes and two query expansion methods.  query broadening: are measures of a term's discriminative power of use when broadening the search query ? Our work follows this strategy of a query expansion approach using an external collection as a resource of query expansion terms. Expansion terms from fully expanded queries are held back from the query to simulate the selective and partial expansion of query terms. For our Web-search-based query expansion  , the timestamp provided with the topics was utilized to simulate the live query expansion from the web described in Section 4. The recency-based query-expansion approach described in Section 3.2 scores candidate expansion terms based on their degree of co-occurrence with the original query-terms in recent tweets. For moderate query expansion e.g. Some groups found that query expansion worked well on this collection  , so we applied the " row expansion " technique described in last year's paper 10. In order to make the test simpler  , the following simplifications are made: 1 An expansion term is assumed to act on the query independently from other expansion terms; 2 Each expansion term is added into the query with equal weight -the weight w is set at 0.01 or -0.01. In concept expansion  , query concepts are recognized  , disambiguated  , if necessary and their synonyms are added. On the other hand  , some of the 2011 papers reported worse results from expansion. As shown in Figure  4  , we could see that first three query expansions which made use of external resources did not increase the performance of system  , compared with original query without any query expansion. Query expansion  , in gereral  , does make a positive contribution to the retrieval performance. Therefore query expansion may retrieve more documents or provide more evidence upon which to rank the documents than query replacement. Table 3depicts the results obtained by the LGD model with and without query removal across three query expansion models on the TRECMed 2011. Be different from the general query expansion  , here the recapitulative concepts were more focused on. Figure 4shows that for Topic 100  , query expansion is effective in the sense that it reduces the variation in system response due to query-to-query variation. For example  , the query expansion technology in the PubMed system will automatically add related MeSH terms to user's query. Our systems have several parameters. Documents are then retrieved based on the expanded query model. However  , in this paper we limit the expansion to individual terms. When the manual CNF query doesn't expand the selected query term  , no expansion term will be included in the final query. Query expansion involves adding new words and phrases to the existing search terms to generate an expanded query. Using these sets of expansion terms  , Magennis and Van Rijsbergen simulated a user selecting expansion terms over four iterations of query expansion. None of the previous work described in the next section systematically investigates the relationship between term reweightirtg and query expansion  , and most results for query expansion using the probabilistic model have been inconclusive. 4.4  , we tuned the number of concepts k for query expansion using training data. However  , this expansion produces a single semantic vector only. Wikipedia Topic-Entity Expansion Starting from top-15 documents ranked by our system  , we follow two query expansion steps: 1. Our second submission only uses Wikipedia for query expansion . In the automatic query expansion mode  , the expansion terms are added directly to each of the original query terms with the Boolean OR operator  , before the query is sent to the Lucene index. If we only consider this query subset  , mean average precision for the InL2 model is 0.2906 without query expansion  , and with our domainspecific query expansion a MAP of 0.2211  , a relative decrease of -23.9%. For a certain OriginQuery  , we use two strategies to extend it: 1 twitter corpus based query expansion and 2 web-based query expansion. This shows that query expansion is crucial for short queries as it is hard to extract word dependency information from the original query for RBS. In other words  , if we had access to an oracle that always provided us the best sub-query and best expansion set for a query  , we can obtain the indicated upper bound on performance. " This approach integrates IQE directly into query formulation  , giving help at a stage in the search when it can positively affect query quality  , and possibly supporting the development of improved expansion strategies by searchers. In both ICTWDSERUN3 and ICTWDSERUN4  , we use google search results as query expansion. For INQUERY sub-runs  , Arabic query expansion was just like English query expansion  , except the top 10 documents were retrieved from the Arabic corpus  , rather than the English corpus  , and 50 terms  , not 5  , were added to the query. This could be due to the fact that we have trained our query expansion mechanism on long queries before noise reduction  , but not on long queries after noise reduction. Table 2also presents the results of query structure experiments. Instead  , our query expansion method includes all expansion concepts in CE. We call this strategy " topic-oriented query expansion " . The resulting query aspects are kept as phrases for subsequent query expansion  , since phrases are reported to improve retrieval results when compared to single-word index- ing 14  , 15. We weight query terms at a ratio of 25:1 relative to the expansion terms. We were surprised to learn that both query expansion approaches resulted in lower MAP values. The parameterized query expansion method proposed in this paper addresses these limitations. Thus  , our query expansion was topic-independent. Synonym expansion combines existing information in the query and several external databases to derive lists of words which are similar to the query term. Moreover  , the " storm-related " - " weather-related " dichotomy also exists for these systems. Query expansion can be used to describe the user's information need more precisely e.g. We see that although the query expansion systems move points associated with some queries  , neither expansion system offers much reduction in the query-to-query scatter. The purpose of this run was to evaluate the impact of query expansion and query removal on the IR performance. Query expansion methods augment the query with terms that are extracted from interests/context of the user so that more personally relevant results can be retrieved. Our expansion procedure worked by first submitting the topic title to answer.com  , and then using the result page for query expansion. The effect of query expansion is influenced by the query length. After query expansion  , we used Natural Language Toolkit NLTK 3 to remove stop words and to perform stemming. We extract expansion concepts specific to each query from this lexicon for query expansion. Such words are more specific and more useful than the words in the original query for collection selection. Further implicit query expansion is achieved by inference rules  , and exploiting class hierarchies.  prisbm: Run with query expansion based on Google query expanding and manually term-weighting. Moreover  , Query Expansion technology is also employed in this run. In the following sections we elaborate on our query expansion strategies. It will be of interest to compare between the quality of our suggested technique and the quality of standard query expansion techniques. We used external medical literature corpus MEDLINE®  as a tagged knowledge source to acquire useful query expansion terms. The result of the synonym expansion would be added to the former result of query expansion by other means. Synonym expansion can increase the number of words in each query greatly  , depending on the query and the number of synonyms found. The proposed query expansion method based on a PRF model builds on language modeling frameworks a query likelihood model for IR. The expansion words do not change the underlying information need  , but make the expanded query more suitable for collection selection. The expansion words for this query are " greenhouse "   , " deforestation " and so forth. Automatic approaches to query expansion have been studied extensively in information retrieval IR.  Which ontological query expansion terms are most suitable for which type of query terms concept  , project  , person  , organization queries ? Besides  , the different kinds of expansion terms would be effective according to the query types such as diagnosis  , treatment  , and test. Finally  , we aim to show the utility of combining query removal and query expansion for IR. However  , as the number of query terms increases  , the rates of improvement brought about by query expansion become significantly less. This is done so that all the topically-relevant documents are retrieved. Very few terms were added through the interactive query expansion facility. That variations can be generated after the search  , as a suggestion of related queries  , or before the search to offer higher quality coverage results. It is therefore not useful to make an expansion for this query. 3 describes query expansion with parameterized concept weights. While there has been significant amount of work on automated query expansion and query replacement  , we anticipate these enhancements to be integrated into the search engine. Query expansion aims to add a certain number of query-relevant terms to the original query in order to improve retrieval effectiveness. Our expansion procedure works by first submitting the topic title to answer.com  , and then using the result page for query expansion. Query expansion is a wellknown method in IR for improving retrieval performance. Third  , we may also suggest a third cause for the success of the query expansion methods: the relevance assessments themselves. Our experiment showed that short queries tend to benefit more from query expansion. Prioritization For All Queries means that documents containing phrases enclosed in phrase or mandatory operators in the original query or expanded queries are prioritized. An English query is first used to retrieve a set of documents from this collection. According to our experience in TREC 2009  , TREC 2010 and TREC 2011  , query expansion is effective to improve the result. Query expansion improves performance for all query lengths. Topic 100 Points for Systems with Query Expansion. Search Engine with interactive query expansion semi. Incorrect words aaect collection statistics and query expansion. For example  , results reported in column 2 row 2 selects 1 original query term of the highest idf for expansion  , and a maximum of 1 expansion term is included for the selected query term. Our conservative query expansion hurt us in this environment. Title-only with Query Expansion run Run name: JuruTitQE . Recommending useful entities e.g. Topic 78 Points for Systems with Query Expansion. Search Engine with automatic query expansion auto. Description-only with Query Expansion run Run name: JuruDesQE . We exploit the top-scored entities e.g. Our experiments focused on query expansion techniques using INQUERY. This finding was further reinforced in her follow-up study focusing on the differences between automatic query expansion and interactive query expansion 7. One argument in favour of AQE is that the system has access to more statistical information on the relative utility of expansion terms and can make better a better selection of which terms to add to the user's query. Automatic query expansion is more desirable in a deployed system  , but the uncertain quality of the expansion terms can confuse the evaluation. Both query expansion and document expansion of tiebreaking has the potential to improve the performance  , while document expansion seems more reliable than query expansion for tie-breaking. That was in contrary to the results we got using query expansion over 2011 and 2012 topics. The results are arranged along two dimensions of user effort  , the number of query terms selected for expansion  , and the maximum number of expansion terms to include for a selected query term. Term expansion is used to find expanded terms that are closely related to the original query terms  , while relation path expansion aims to extract additional relations between query and expanded terms. However  , previous query expansion methods have been limited in extracting expansion terms from a subset of documents  , but have not exploited the accumulated information on user interactions. Four experimental configurations are reported: baseline search base  , query expansion using BRF brf  , query expansion with parallel BRF pbrf and query expansion using both BRF and PBRF brf+pbrf. However  , these two dimensions of flexibility also make automatic formulation of CNF queries computationally challenging  , and makes manual creation of CNF queries tedious. Effective query expansion might depend on the topics of the queries as observed in Table 4. This indicates that the chosen features were able to accurately predict the AP for the expanded and unexpanded lists of each query. These results show that worthwhile improvements are possible from interactive query expansion in the restricted context represented by the Cranfield collection. It is assumed that experienced users of interactive query expansion would be able to reach this level of performance  , The 'experienced user' performance is compared with the performance of inexperienced interactive query expansion users in the same setting. However  , in the case of RDF and SPARQL  , view expansion is not possible since expansion requires query nesting   , a feature not currently supported by SPARQL. For topic 59  , query expansion does not recognize one equivalence in the query statements  , the equivalence between " storm-related " and " weather-related. " Compared to LSA or bag of word expansion  , CNF queries offer control over what query terms to expand the query term dimension and what expansion terms to use for a query term the expansion dimension. For example  , when doing retrieval from closed caption second row i n T able 10  , doing query expansion from print news yields an average precision of 0.5742  , whereas our conservative query expansion yields only 0.5390  , a noticeable drop. Moreover  , since we apply query expansion in all our submitted runs  , we also measure the above two correlation measures without query expansion  , in order to check how query expansion affects the effectiveness of our predictors. Accordingly   , in future work  , we intend to introduce additional types of concepts into the parameterized query expansion framework   , including multiple-term expansion concepts  , named entities  , and non-adjacent query term pairs. This suggests that our version of query expansion is indeed useful in improving the retrieval effectiveness of the search. In general  , QE interacts with query structure: with a large expansion strong query structures seem necessary  , but with a slight or no expansion weak structures perform well. It is obvious that high Recall levels can be reached with massive query expansion  , but automatic query expansion tends to deteriorate Precision as well  , so the challenge is to find stemming methods which improve Recall without a significant loss in Precision. Namely  , our tweet based language model for query expansion still does quite a bit better than our baseline and still appears to give some improvement over the initial query expansion run. We distinguish between the two versions in that one applies further query expansion for only those queries in which people's names occur 4 and the other applies for further query expansion for all queries 5 . In CF1 we highlighted the suggested query expansion terms shown in the context of snippets  , and put a checkbox next to each snippet. In twitter corpus based query expansion  , we first use TREC-API to get the top ranked tweet set. Automatic query expansion AQE occurs when the system selects appropriate terms for use in query expansion and automatically adds these terms to users' queries. The worst case is the query with Boolean structure with the narrower concepts expansion BOOL/En. In this paper  , we introduced a novel framework for query expansion with parameterized concept weighting. The improvement over the no expansion baseline becomes significant after expanding two query terms for the idf method  , and after only expanding one query term for predicted Pt | R. Similarly  , including more expansion terms along each column almost always improves retrieval  , except for the idf method in Table 1with only one query term selected for expansion. Our experimental evaluation is divided into three main parts: 1 extracting entity-synonym relationships from Wikipedia  , and improving time of synonyms using the NYT corpus  , 2 query expansion using time-independent synonyms  , and 3 query expansion using time-dependent synonyms. In this paper  , we introduce the query expansion and ranking methods used by the NICTA team at 2007 Genomics Track. The work presented here extends previous work by investigating the effectiveness of the system and users in suggesting terms for query expansion. Upper Bound " refers to the situation when the best sub-query and best expansion set was used for query reduction and expansion respectively. In order to effectively apply relation-based methods to short or ungrammatical queries  , we use the external resources such as the Web to extract additional terms and relations for query expansion. In this section  , we describe how the gene lexical variants section 2.2 and the domain knowledge section 2.3 are utilized for query expansion and how the query expansion is implemented in the IR model described in section 2.4. In a study of simulated interactive query expansion  , Ruthven 25 demonstrated that users are less likely than systems to select effective terms for query expansion. Under the relation based framework for passage retrieval  , dependency relation based path expansion can further bring about a 17.49% improvement in MRR over fuzzy matching RBS of relation matching without any query expansion. In practice  , an expansion term may act on the query in dependence with other terms  , and their weights may be different. The acronym-expansion checking function returns true if e is an expansion of a  , and false otherwise. Section 3 provides an overview of the MRF model and details our proposed latent concept expansion technique. We use this as our baseline text-based expansion model. The initial natural language topic statement is submitted to a standard retrieval engine via a Query Expansion Tool QET interface. 1 Including more expansion terms always improves performance  , even when only one original query term is selected for expansion. Our query expansion method is based on the probabilistic models described above. In TREC 2012 microblog track  , we explore the query expansion and document expansion approaches to tweet retrieval. Automatic query expansion does not increase recall  , but significantly increases precision. In addition  , they vary window sizes for matching queries but in our technique window sizes are determined by sentence lengths. For the 2014 TREC clinical track  , our research focuses on query expansion. As shown by the results  , compared with the results obtained without query expansion see Table 17  , the query expansion does improve retrieval performance  , if an appropriate setting is applied. saw that one of their query expansion methods hurt results for highly relevant tweets while a different method improved results for highly relevant tweets 7. Here  , we show how performance varies when the relation matching technique is reinforced by query expansion. The first method is heuristic query expansion  , and the second is based on random walks over UMLS. Table 1 shows the results of different query expansion methods on two TREC training datasets. The words expressing method or protocol such as method  , protocol  , approach  , and technique were collected in a dictionary  , which was used for query expansion in topics 100-109. Query Expansion  Link Crawling: run the query expansion module followed by the link crawling module. We experimented with using row expansion to indirectly expand the query in 2 of our Main Web Task submissions. Cengage Learning produces a number of medical reference encyclopedias. Therefore query expansion could be applied to symbols as it was done for keywords. Overall  , the two newly proposed models  , as well as the query expansion mechanism on fields are shown to be effective. When combining the expansion terms with the original query  , the combination weights are 2-fold cross-validated on the test set. The reason for this is a decrease in the score assigned to documents that include the original query terms but do not include the expansion terms. For tweet expansion  , we used relevance modelling based approach to expand tweets by topically and temporally similar tweets. The central problem of query expansion is how to select expansion terms. It is based on average precision at 10 recall points and shows the worst query structure and expansion combination  , and the best expansion of each query structure type. None of the three measures exhibit a strong correlation with performance improvement when using this expansion method. They found one of the query expansion failure reasons is the lack of relevant documents in the local collection. In the lamdarun05  , we extracted important terms from Wikipedia with diagnosis terms and added to query expansion. It might be important to find appropriate combination of terms for query expansion. 3. expansion based on all retrieved documents. The parameters were fixed for all the evaluation conditions at: b=0.86; and K=1.2 for the baseline run without query expansion  , and K=1.1 with query expansion. Following the Semantic Web vision 1   , more and more ontologically organized Semantic Web data is currently being produced. Examples of systems that employ query expansion include Dynix  , INNOPAC  , Silver Platter  , INSTRUCT and Muscat 8. In this section we propose and evaluate an approach that makes query expansion practical in a distributed searching environment. Searches were carried out using all cutoffs between O and 20  , 0 being no query expansion. So experienced users' interactive query expansion performance is simulated by the following method: Searches are therefore carried out using every combination of the cut-offs 0 ,3  , 6  , 10  , and 20  , over 4 query expansion iterations. And we picked the top-k documents in one topic and use them to produce the expansion words. Query expansion comes from two sources and used in different stages. The temporal query-expansion approach UNCTQE was the best performing across all metrics. W~ have not been able to achieve any significant improvements over non expansion. the expansion dimension. more than 3 query terms are selected for expansion. Fig.4shows an example of our query expansion result. The submitted runs both use different forms of MeSH based query expansion. Based on these studies  , we propose a query expansion framework such that the expansion models come from both event type and event related entities. We examined the effectiveness of our different query expansion strategies and tried to find reasonable configuration for each. For the named page queries  , besides linguistic expansion from stemming in the IS ABOUT predicate  , we did not do any query expansion. For the other two approaches  , we use the same query expansion and document expansion techniques. The procedure for our crowdsourced query expansion was as follows. In principle there can be miss/false drop effects on expansion sets. In all the comparisons  , our query expansion method which uses explicit expansion concept is denoted as EEC. Pre-translation expansion creates a stronger base for translation and improves precision. We take the top 10 Wikipedia articles  , extract 30 expansion terms and give the expansion query a weight of 0.5. In particular  , we explored query expansion and tweet expansion. First  , the traditional goal of query expansion has been to improve recall potentially at the expense of precision in a retrieval task. The results show that the performance of our simple query expansion approach is not as good as the provided baseline. Query Expansion: The microblog track organizers provided participants with the terms statistics for Tweets13 collection. This run constitutes our baseline for the runs applying the query expansion methodology. The different kinds of expansion terms would be effective according to the query types such as diagnosis  , treatment  , and test. In our experiments  , the expansion terms are selected according to the query types. Besides the standard topical query expansion Topic QE  , we also give results of the weighted topical query expansion W. Topic QE. It did not show any improvement over the baseline  , and further it was significantly worse than the manual query expansion UMassBlog3. The documents are scanned for the expansion terms or term sequences  , and the number of occurrences is counted for every expansion. Our experiments show that query expansion can hurt robustness seriously while it improves the average precision. The properties used for performing the query expansion can be configured separately for each ontology. However   , it is a little surprising that the largest improvement in retrieval performance was found with simplest method of term selection and weighting for query expansion.  AQR can additionally " punish " relevant documents that do not include the terms selected for expansion. We hypothesise that if query expansion using the local collection i.e. It expands a query issued by a user with additional related terms  , called expansion terms  , so that more relevant documents can be retrieved. In the current implementation  , only noun phrases are considered for phrase recognition and expansion. To use this framework for query expansion  , we first choose an expansion graph H that encodes the latent concept structure we are interested in expanding the query using. It refers to selectively applying automatic query expansion AQE whenever predicted performance is above a certain threshold . From the aspect of topic understanding  , the Learning Query Expansion LQE model based on semi-machine learning method is designed. We thus regard the distance of an expansion term to the query term as a measure of relatedness. We then calculate an IPC score based on the expansion concepts in CE. To this end  , we constructed a domaindependent conceptual lexicon which can be used as an external resource for query expansion. In a series of experiments we highlighted the importance of semantic proximity between query expansion terms and the center of user attention. We first report the results of using query expansion in the collection selection stage only. When compared to other query expansion techniques 15  , 24   , our method is attractive because it does not require careful tuning of parameters. A graph-based query expansion would spread all resources associated with an activated instance which is suited for thesauri. The Local query expansion method can be formalized as follows. In the past query-expansion on web-results has been shown to be useful for ad retrieval2. Our results are supported in these Proceedings by Pirkola 23 . But the interactive query expansion users are not then involved in their own tasks. This was repeated for four iterations of query expansion  , thus retrieving a total of 100 documents for the search. We will consider this in future work  , our intention here is to investigate the general applicability of query expansion. This is also supported by the result that a topic-independent query expansion failed to improve search performances for some of the CSIs. We used information theoretic query expansion and focused on careful paremeter selection. We quickly switched to Google for query expansion and found that  , on average  , the top four results produced the most pertinent pages. A retrieved document can be either relevant or irrelevant wrt. Considering the measures of relevance precision and precision at 10 documents  , it can be observed from Figure 9that FVS outperforms all other query expansion methods. The only method we tested that did not use query-expansion UNCTP performed significantly worse than the others. We found that query expansion helped the performance of the baseline increase greatly. Query expansion is a technology to match additional documents by expanding the original search query. The question " What are the proper query expansion techniques for our framework ? " Query expansion has been shown to be very important in improving retrieval effectiveness in medical systems 6. We tentatively handled the query expansion by applying DM built in the step of indexing by Yatata. However  , most query expansion methods only introduce new terms and cannot be directly applied to relation matching. Starting from top-15 documents ranked by our system  , we follow two query expansion steps: 1. In this paper  , we present a novel unsupervised query expansion technique that utilizes keyphrases and Part of Speech POS phrase categorization. Among the various approaches  , automatic query expansion by using plain co-occurrence data is the simplest method. The effect of expansion on the top retrieved documents depends on ho~v good the expansion is. Automatic query expansion technique has been widely used in IR. Therefore   , the performance of query expansion can be improved by using a large external collection. The above expression is a simplified form of query expansion with a single term. Therefore  , we consider the following additional features: -co-occurrences of the expansion term with the original query terms; -proximity of the expansion terms to the query terms. An expanded query is formulated for each server using the documents sampled from that server. We hasten to point out that our methods are not committed to a specific query expansion approach. For instance  , Beaulieu 3 reported that both the explicit and implicit use of a thesaurus using interactive or automatic query expansion respectively can be beneficial. However  , it is necessary to add semantics to symbols so that they can be employed in a query expansion technique. Moreover  , the selective query expansion mechanism increases the early precision performance of the system. With some settings  , we outperform our best submitted runs. This is close to the figures obtained by relation matching methods without query expansion as listed in Table 1. In our ongoing experiments we are investigating both of these techniques  , however the experiments described here focus only on query expansion. At this stage  , we tried out expansion of Boolean Indri queries. The parallel collection is larger and more reliable than the test collection and should provide better expansion information  , both for terms and weights. Figures 3 and 4 summarize the results. The fundamental similarity between HCQF and automatic query expansion techniques is not hard to be discerned. So  , our query expansion was neither completely helpful nor completely harmful to Passage MAP. For the query expansion  , we use the top 5 most frequent terms of the summary already produced. The details will be presented in Section 4. RQ4: How does query expansion based on user-selected phrases affect retrieval performance ? In the rest of the experiments  , we always take query expansion into account in our suggestion ranking models. The effectiveness of our query feature expansion is compared with state-of-the-art word-based retrieval and expansion models. We found that query expansion techniques  , such as acronym expansion  , while improving 1-concept query retrieval performance  , have little effect on multiconcept queries. This indicates that even without considering language constructs in the question  , relation based query expansion can still perform better than cooccurrence based query expansion. A potential problem with query expansion is topic drift and the inclusion of non-informative terms from highly ranked documents. We then added query expansion  , internal structure  , document authority  , and multiple windows to the baseline  , respectively. It also allows introduction of expansion terms that are related to the query as a whole  , even if their relationship to any specific original query term is tenuous. Initially  , Team Three approached their module design with query expansion in mind. All query terms are expanded by their lexical affinities as extracted from the expanding Web page 3. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. This is evident b y the consistently better results from doing query expansion from the print news vs. doing conservative collection enrichment. Incidentally  , we start the discussion regarding related work with publication that had to do with query expansion. Based on these results query expansion was left out of the TREC-9 question-answering system. We propose a new query expansion mechanism  , which appropriately uses the various document fields available. The query expansion mechanism refines the DFR term weighting models by a uniform combination of evidence from the three fields. Therefore  , the selective query expansion mechanism provides a better early precision. Using query expansion is a popular method used in information retrieval. This helps to prune documents with low number of query and/or expansion terms. As a second strategy of query expansion  , we exploited the hierarchical relationship among concepts. When compared to the relevance models retrieval RM doc   , which effectively performs query expansion  , the relatedtext is on par or only slightly better. Such exhaustive exploration of the sub-query space is infeasible in an operational environment. Based on a word-statistical retrieval system  , 11 used definitions and different types of thesaurus relationships for query expansion and a deteriorated performance was reported. It is interesting to note that effediveness continues to increase with the number of query expansion terms.  Presenting a proximity-based method for estimating the probability that a specific query expansion term is relevant to the query term. We utilize the proximity of query terms and expansion terms inside query document DQ to assign importance weights to the explicit expansion concepts. These weights are then used to re-rank documents in the list R. We utilize the proximity of query terms and expansion terms inside query document DQ to assign importance weights to the explicit expansion concepts. In this paper we examined the potential effectiveness of interactive query expansion. This also shows that personalized re-ranking of results and query expansion with concept lens label work well. Combining either of these two expansion methods with query translation augmented by phrasal translation and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance above 90% monolingual. We also experimented with several approaches to query and document expansion using UMLS. We set the description field as the expansion field  , and we also select 10 documents in the first retrieval results as the expansion source. It seems that current document expansion approach is still far from a perfect solution to tweet document modeling. Query expansion is a commonly used technique in search engines  , where the user input is usually vague. In this paper  , we present a query expansion technique that improves individual search by utilizing contextual information. In order to increase the recall of the set of retrieved passages  , we have experimented with three different query expansion techniques. Simply by adding one distinctive term to perform query expansion is not enough to find all relevant documents. For query expansion purposes  , we use a technique that generalizes Lavrenko's relevance models 4 to work with the useful term proximity features described in the previous section. BBN9MONO BBN9XLA BBN9XLB BBN9XLC 0.2888 0.3401 0.3326 0.3099 Table 3shows the impact of query expansion on cross-lingual retrieval performance. Table 2shows the effect of β-value on the performance of query expansion.  Which ontological relationships are most useful as query expansion terms for the field of educational research ? Its configuration determines which ontology relationships are used for the generation of query expansion terms. Based on our experience  , topic words often exist for an information need. The main contribution of this paper is devising a method for predicting whether expansion using noun phrases will improve the retrieval effectiveness of a query. Our work goes beyond this work by dropping the assumption that query and expansion terms are dependent. " Bhatia has adopted the latest idea to provide personalized query expansion based on a user profile represented by a dependence tree 3. van Rijsbergen suggests the use of the constructed dependence tree for query expansion. Query expansion can also be based on thesauri. It was always clear that any additional terms obtained by expansion would only be as good as the initial query terms. As yet no good heuristics for selecting query terms as candidates for expansion have been designed. So it is very interesting to compare the CLQS approach with the conventional query expansion approaches. Thus the use of external resources might be necessary for robust query expansion. Figure 1illustrates the general framework for relation based query expansion. Also  , query expansion in target language recovers the semantics loss by inspecting the rest well-translated terms. Second  , we describe a novel two-stage optimization technique for parameterized query expansion. A particular case of query expansion is when search terms are named entities i.e. Our results demonstrate that high weight terms are not always necessarily useful for query expansion. Thus  , for the following experiments  , we adopted the T+G pattern to perform query expansion. It is clear by now that domain-specific query expansion is beneficial for the effectiveness of our document retrieval system. However  , when we apply query expansion to GTT 1  , the MAP decreases  , but the recall increases slightly. The second source of information used in query expansion is UMLS Metathesaurus 2. The improved results suggest that the expanded terms produced by Google-set are helpful for query expansion. Many participants did some form of query expansion  , particularly by extracting terms from previously known relevant documents in the routing task. A passage importance score is given to each passage unit and extended terms are selected in LCA. Most reported that query expansion improved their results  , although Louvan et al. We investigate the effectiveness of query expansion by experiments and the results show that it is promising. Query expansion runs  , as our baselines  , outperform the median and mean of all 140 submissions. We used 25 top-ranked documents retrieved in the UWATbaseTD run for selecting query expansion units. Web query expansion WebX was the most effective method of all the query expansion methods. 4. jmignore: automatic run using language model with Jelinek-Mercer smoothing  , query expansion  , and full-text search. Query expansion was both automatic the top 6 expansion terms were automatically added to the query when the user requested more documents  , and interactive. No use was made of anchor text or any other query-independent additional information for the query expansion run; documents were ranked using only their full text. We will explain several groups of features below. The best automatic query expansion search for that topic  , using a cut-off of 2  , achieves 51 % precision. The lack of improvement by the inexperienced users suggests that interactive query expansion may be difficult to use well. In addition to automatic query expansion  , semi-automatic query expansion has also been studied Ekm 92  , Han 92  , Wad 88. In contrast to the approaches presented  , we use a similarity thesaurus Sch 92  as the basis of our query expansion . Researchers have also investigated users' ability to select good terms for query expansion 15  , 23  , 25. The terms that we elicited from users for query expansion improved retrieval performance in all cases.  That any document judged as relevant would have a positive effect on query expansion. The expansion terms are chosen from the topranked documents retrieved using the initial queries. In this section  , we assess the effect of increasing the number of expansion concepts. This technique provides a mechanism for modeling term dependencies during expansion. 2 reports the enhancement on CLIR by post-translation expansion. Second  , we investigate the impact of the document expansion using external URLs. In the experiments  , to select useful expansion terms  , we use two heterogeneous resources. In this paper we proposed a robust query expansion technique called latent concept expansion. In this experiment  , we will only keep the good expansion terms for each query. The TREC datasets specified in Table 1were used for experiments. But different from query expansion  , query suggestion aims to suggest full queries that have been formulated by users so that the query integrity and coherence are preserved in the suggested queries. The results show that the performance of the expansion on tie-breaking could improve the performance. 15  extracted adjacent queries in sessions for query expansion and query substitution   , respectively. First  , query expansion seems to neutralize the effect of query length. looking for the synonyms of the query words. However  , the recency-based approach favors expansion terms from recent tweets and the temporal approach favors expansion terms from relevant busts in the recent or not-so-recent past. Type-1 terms are non-type-0 terms added to the query during query expansion. higher than expansion keys gave middle range results. Internally we use this information to compute a query expansion and translate it into a SPARQL 17 query. after query expansion. Query expansion occasionally hurts a query by adding bad terms. The results indicate that query expansion based on the expansion corpus can achieve significant improvement over the baselines. However  , two factors directly determine the end performance of diagnostic expansion  , 1 the effectiveness of term diagnosis  , and 2 the benefit from expansion. While many methods for expansion exist  , their application in FIR is largely unexplored. Ogilvie and Callan have proposed a global approach to query expansion for FIR 15. People have proposed many ways to formulate the query expansion problem. Expansion is followed by query translation. The Expand function returns a fuzzy set that results from performing the query followed by query expansion. Following the good results obtained by several groups using Web expansion in previous years  , we upgraded our system to benefit Web expansion using Answers.com search engine. To make this baseline strong  , both individual expansion terms and the expansion term set can be weighted. The last three years of Microblog track papers have shown substantial  , consistent  , and significant improvements in retrieval effectiveness from the use of expansion. Plural and singulars were added using lexical-based heuristics to determine the plural form of a singular term and viceversa . However  , the computational expense and availability of comparable expansion collections should be considered. In this setting we extract proximity information from the documents inside R for computing the importance weights associated with the expansion terms. Table 8we show the percentage of the good expansion terms  , as classified in section 5.3.1  , which were chosen by each subject as being possibly useful for query expansion. Three types of query expansion are discussed in literature: manual  , automatic  , and interactive i.e. Studies of expansion technologies have been performed on three levels: efficient query expansion based on thesaurus and statistics  , replacement-based document expansion  , and term-expansion-related duplication elimination strategy based on overlapping measurement. It outperforms bag of word expansion given the same set of high quality expansion terms. Therefore  , an expansion term which occurs at a position close to many query terms will receive high query relatedness and thus will obtain a higher importance weight. Interactive query expansion is basically the same as the aforementioned term suggestion  , but it appears to have been replaced by query suggestion during the last decade. The retrieval module produces multiple result sets from using different query formulations. This way  , we can tweak the level of expansion by gradually including more expansion terms from the lists of expansion terms  , and answer how much expansion is needed for optimal performance. Query expansion may contribute to weight linked shared concepts  , thus improving the document provider's understanding of the query. The unstructured bag of word expansion typically needs balanced expansion of most query terms to achieve a reliable performance. The expansion parameters are set to 10 ,80 for all expansion methods  , where 10 is the number of top-retrieval documents and 80 is the number of expansion terms. The main theme in our participation in this year's HARD track was experimentation with the effect of lexical cohesion on document retrieval. We have experimented with two approaches to the selection of query expansion terms based on lexical cohesion: 1 by selecting query expansion terms that form lexical links between the distinct original query terms in the document section 1.1; and 2 by identifying lexical chains in the document and selecting query expansion terms from the strongest lexical chains section 1.2. share a larger number of words than unrelated segments. During our developement work we investigated the impact of various system parameters on the IR results including: the transcriber speed  , the epoch of the texts used for query expansion   , the query expansion term weighting strategy  , the query length  , and the use of non-lexical information. Terms from the top ten documents were ranked using the same expansion score used in the post-hoc English expansion. The parameters used for the TREC-8 experiments were as follows. WordNet synsets are used for query expansion. This serves as our baseline for query expansion. note on efficiency. Effectiveness of query removal for IR. Our final set of experiments investigated query expansion  , that is  , augmenting topics with additional query terms. Researchers have frequently used co-occurring tags to enhance the source query 4  , 5. Section 5 outlines the test data. Query expansion is applied for all the runs. remains unsolved. Systems return docids for document search. Search Engine with interactive query expansion and with advance search options semi+. The sample query is following: Thus  , synonyms are also included in this expansion. 35 proposed a solution for efficient query expansion for advertisement search. QEWeb: Query expansion using the web was applied as discussed in pervious section. Type-2 terms are non-type-0 terms in the original query. Second  , query similarity can be used for performing query expansion. For the intersection approach  , the performance is also lower compared to Wikipedia expansion. On the training set  , extensions of tiebreaking outperform the basic framework of tie-breaking  , and the performances are comparable with the traditional retrieval method with query expansion and document expansion. For this set of queries  , it is interesting that the query expansion reduced the gap in cross-lingual performance between short and long queries from 25% relative without expansion to only 5% relative. The weight of the expansion terms are set so that their total weight is equal to the total weight of the original query  , thus reducing the effect of concept drift. The higher variance of the document expansion run compared to a run without expansion cmuPrfPhr vs. cmuPrf- PhrE also differs from the findings from the 2011 query set  , where document expansion was seen to reduce query performance variance from the baseline and when combined with PRF. It is notable that the subsumption reasoning and indexing strategy actually performs only equally good compared to the baseline approach when no additional query expansion is used. Vector representation via query expansion. 3 exploit lexical knowledge  , query expansion uses taxonomies e.g. During this evaluation campaign  , we also proposed a domain-specific query expansion. Multiply translations act as the query expansion. Query expansion was applied to just the topic type. Average precision values are given in table 7. Search Engine with automatic query expansion and with advance search options: auto+. Therefore query expansion can help to increase performance. There are two types of BRF-based query expansion. Recently  , 28 use Wordnet for query expansion and report negative results.  Google∼Web: Google search on the entire Web with query expansion. Semantic annotation of queries using DBpedia. use Wikipedia for query expansion more directly.  Automatic building of terminological hierarchies. First  , we propose a specific query expansion method. the original query. A query is optimal if it ranks all relevant documents on top of those non-relevant. Using query expansion method  , recall has been greatly improved. Proper nouns in a query are important than any other query terms for they seem to carry more information. We would like the user to control what terms to be ultimately used to expand his/her query. More specifically  , we enumerated all queries that could be expanded from the considered query. Compared to the baseline without query expansion  , all expansion techniques significantly improved the result quality in terms of precision@10 and MAP. We performed some experiments to see how the retrieval performance varied as a function of these two parameters. We strongly recommend the use of pre-translation expansion when dictionary-or corpus-based query translation is performed; in some instances this expansion can treble performance. Expansion terms extracted from these external resources are often general terms. Note that PPRF and PRF does not achieve improvement over the baseline  , but a fair comparison is to compare the retrieval effectiveness after query expansion with the retrieval effectiveness before query expansion. Inspired by work on combining multiple  , mainly booleanbased   , query representations 3  , we propose a new approach Thus  , recent research on improving the robustness of expansion methods has focused on either predicting whether a given expansion will be more effective for retrieval than the original query 2  , 7  , or on improving the performance robustness of specific expansion methods 10  , 13. Google has patents 15 using query logs to identify possible synonyms for query terms in the context of the query. The purpose of this research is to decide on a query-by-query basis if query expansion should be used. Query expansion is a method for semantic disambiguation on query issuing phase. the time needed for its evaluation  , becomes larger. Extract a set of query words from the question  , and apply semantic expansion to them. How can query expansion be appropriately performed for this task ? 24  studied query expansion based on classical probabilistic model. The procedure works as follows: We performed query expansion experiments on ad hoc retrieval. It actually provided correct answers for some short queries. This paper is organized as follows. Finally  , the user interacts with the results. The USC of Suffixing to Produce Term Variants for Query Expansion Window 2 3. First  , we describe a novel parameterized query expansion model. Techniques for efficient query expansion. 28 use Wordnet for query expansion and report negative results. For the document expansion component  , we employ both LocCtxt document model and ExRes document model based on the observation that the two document models behave differently on different topic sets. All our official runs were evaluated by trec eval as they were baselines  , because we updated the final ranks but not the final topical-opinion scores. 4 Query expansion vs. none for Essie  , rather than completely avoiding query expansion that could be achieved by requiring exact string match  , we chose term expansion that allows term normalization to the base form in the Specialist Lexicon and might be viewed as an equivalent to stemming in Lucene. These diagnostic expansion queries are partial expansions simulated using the fully expanded queries created by real users. Thus  , the expansion independence assumption of Section 4.1 is more likely to be violated by the ISJ queries than by the Legal ones. All such topics where a query term without expansion terms is selected are annotated with diamond shaped borders in the plot. Wrong expansion terms are avoided by designing a weighting term method in which the weight o f expansion terms not only depends on all query terms  , but also on similarity measures in all types of thesaurus. Query expansion in source language reserves the room for untranslated terms by including relevant terms in advance. In a simulated study carried out in 18  , the author compares the retrieval performance of interactive query expansion and automatic query expansion with a simulated study  , and suggests that the potential benefits of the former can be hard to achieve. Query expansion increases the accuracy up to 0.16 76% in terms of MAP when full expansion reasoning and indexing strategy is used. Multilingual Query Expansion: Medical care is a multicultural and multilingual environment. Also query expansion may use only terms from recent documents in relatively dynamic collections. 1 indicates that VSM with query expansion is obviously the worst method. It remains unchanged. 25 proposed a heap-based method for query expansion. Our results on query expansion using the N P L data are disappointing. $5.00 through query expansion by using a grammatically-based automatically constructed thesaurus. Two different approaches are compared. Our experiments are discussed in Section 4. We also experimented with using these selected terms for query expansion. Section 5 explains the experimental results for our run. Section 4 is the result discussion. We further apply query expansion for multilingual representations . In a real interactive situation users may be shown more terms than this. As follows from Table 7  , for all the three settings of our experiments  , selective query expansion achieved statistically significant improvement in terms of MAP over automatic query expansion using expansion on all queries. Controlling to include only the first few expansion terms of a query term simulates and measures a user's expansion effort for that query term. As 1 mentioned  , collection enrichment is a good strategy to improve the retrieval performances of difficult topics. From the results  , it is clear that the tie breaking method could out perform the traditional retrieval even apply the query expansion method i.e. For synonym identification  , we integrated a sense disambiguation module into WIDIT's synset identification module so that best synonym set can be selected according to the term context. Given a query  , a large number of candidate expansion terms words or phrases will be chosen to convey users' information needs. Since the performance of these methods is directly determined by the effectiveness of the kernel function used to estimate the propagated query relatedness probabilities for the expansion concepts  , we first need to compare three different proximity-based kernel functions to see which one performs the best. If words are added to a query using relevant documents retrieved from a database of automatically transcribed audio   , then there is the danger that the query expansion may include recognition errors 14 . For the Prior Art task  , we use term frequency method  , tf/idf method to generate our query  , and also employ the retrieval model used in TS task to execute our experiments. This additional level of indirection results in a more diverse set of expansion terms  , although it may also result in noisy or spurious expansion features  , as well. To overcome the above problems  , researchers have focused on using query expansion techniques to help users formulate a better query. This result was ANDed with a query expansion of a "gene and experiment" query synonyms of the word gene and experiment also appear in this query. Finally  , we observe that removing noise from the index slightly damages MAP. Information retrieval in biomedical and chemistry domains is challenging due to the presence of diverse denominations of concepts in the literature. From the query and retrieval point of view  , different query formulation strategies such as the manual query expansion and automatic query expansion also referred as semantic search have been systematically performed and evaluated. In other words  , the original query can be regard as a point in the semantic space  , and the goal of query expansion is to select some additional terms  , which have the closest meaning to the point. Our system combines both historical query logs and the library catalog to create a thesaurus-based query expansion that correlates query terms with document terms. Indeed  , there are many queries for which state-of-the-art PF expansion methods yield retrieval performance that is substantially inferior to that of using the original query with no expansion — the performance robustness problem 2  , 7. So in the end  , we choose the first 10 words ranking in tf*idf retrieval lists besides original words of query itself as the query expansion. For the Technology Survey task  , we use phrase expansion method and query expansion method to generate our query  , and use Query-likelihood model  , DFR model and D-smoothing method to do retrieve. In our initial cross-language experiments we therefore tested different values for the parameter r. Note that r is set once for a given run and does not vary from query to query. This result is consistent with previous work 24  , and demonstrates the positive effect of query expansion  , even when multiple query concept types are used. The query expansion is performed by integrating the keyword-based query context into DFR-based sequential dependence model where concepts are presented as keywords rather than CUIs. We hope query expansion will provide some so-called topic words for a query and also increase the mutual disambiguation of common query words. Term expansion does considerably reduce the space required for an n-gram database used for query evaluation. Our query expansion technique adds to a given query terms which are highly similar  , in terms of statistical distribution  , to all of the terms in the query. Therefore   , we restrict RuralCafe to user-driven query expansion by suggesting related popular terms for each query. Suppose the user is willing to invest some extra time for each query  , how much effort is needed to improve the initial query in expansion effort  , how many query terms need to be expanded  , and how many expansion terms per query term are needed ? When is the best performance achieved ? Table 1shows the most important explicit query concepts i.e. In contrast  , in this paper we propose a novel parameterized query expansion model that applies parameterized concept weighting to both the explicit and the latent query concepts. We performed the third run in order to compare our query expansion to manual query expansion because including terms in the description as query terms can simulate an effect of manual query expan- sion. We also noticed an interesting observation in query expansion for 2013 topics; results with a low number of expansion tweets were the best  , while increasing the number of expansion tweets resulted in a decrease in P@30 as represented in Figure 2. This is a standard method of assessing the performance of a query expansion technique based on relevance information  , 3 We only use the top 15 expansion terms for query expansion as this is a computationally intensive method of creating possible queries. Our Web-based query expansion QE consists of the Wikipedia QE module  , which extracts terms from Wikipedia articles and Wikipedia Thesaurus  , and the Google QE module  , which extends the PIRC approach that harvests expansion terms from Google search results Kwok  , Grunfeld & Deng  , 2005. Based on these simplifications  , we measure the performance change due to the expansion term e by the ratio: In order to make the test simpler  , we make the following simplifications: 1 Each expansion term is assumed to act on the query independently from other expansion terms; 2 Each expansion term is added into the query with equal weight λit is set at 0.01 or -0.01. Thus  , recent research on improving the robustness of expansion methods has focused on either predicting whether a given expansion will be more effective for retrieval than the original query 2  , 7  , or on improving the performance robustness of specific expansion methods 10  , 13. For each query expansion method  , we experimented with various setting of expansion parameters  , primarily including n and k  , where n is the number of top retrieved documents and k is the number of expansion terms. Finally  , we will present details on how we train our relation language model for query expansion. As shown in Table 1  , we have considered several means by which a FIR system could make use of query expansion: choosing expansion terms based on each collection separately local expansion and sending individual expanded queries to each collection focused querying using sampled documents. Since our focus is on diagnosis  , not query expansion  , one of the most important confounding factors is the quality of the expansion terms  , which we leave out of the evaluation by using a fixed set of high quality expansion terms from manual CNF queries to simulate an expert user doing manual expansion. The run QCRI4 was obtained by retrieving the tweets using the combination of two sets of expansion terms which resulted from the corresponding query expansion schemes  , while the other three runs were conducted using the expanded queries which resulted from PRF only and did not use any external information. Thesaurus expansion was found to improve recall significantly at some lesser cost in precision. Ruthven 3 compared the relative effectiveness of interactive query expansion and automatic query expansion and found that users were less likely than systems to select effective terms for query expansion. The amount of query expansion for the SK case was thus chosen to be less than that used for the SU case because of the interaction between the query and document expansion devices. Taking a more detailed look at the effect of certain thesaurus relationships on the effectiveness of query expansion  , Greenberg determined that synonyms and narrower terms are well suited for automatic query expansion  , because they " increased relative recall with a decline in precision that was not statistically significant " 6 . Besides  , two issues have been studied: finding key information in topics  , and dynamic result selection. A key idea of our term ranking approach is that one can generalize the knowledge of expansion terms from the past candidate ones to predict effective expansion terms for the novel queries. The subjects varied in their ability to identify good expansion terms  , being able to identify 32% -73% of the good expansion terms. Unlike in 2011  , the run without stopwords cmuPrfPhrENo did slightly better on average than the equivalent run including stopwords cmuPrfPhrE in the 2012 query set. Last  , we want to point out the UDInfoMB is a strong baseline to beat as it involve both the query expansion and document expansion at the same time  , while the tie breaking method only utilize one of these two. For example  , when the term " disaster " in the query " transportation tunnel disaster " is expanded into " fire "   , " earthquake "   , " flood "   , etc. Unlike many common retrieval models that use unsupervised concept weighting based on a single global statistic  , parameterized query expansion leverages a number of publicly available sources such as Wikipedia and a large collection of web n-grams  , to achieve a more accurate concept importance weighting. Our main research focus this year was on the use of phrases or multi-word units in query expansion. Two main research questions were studied in these experiments: -Whether nominal MWUs which exhibit strong degree of stability in the corpus are better candidates for interactive query expansion than nominal MWUs selected by the frequency parameters of the individual terms they contain; -Whether nominal MWUs are better candidates for interactive query expansion than single terms. All expansion has been performed via the Query Expansion Tool interface QET which allows the user to view only the summaries of top retrieved documents  , and select or deselect them for topic expansion. By default  , summaries of all top 30 documents were used for expansion unless the user manually deselected some this was precisely the only form of manual intervention allowed. Expansion terms are then grouped and combined with the original query for retrieval. Some results of bag of word retrieval at low selection levels  , i.e. An interesting study by Billerbeck and Zobel 5  demonstrates that document-side expansion is inferior to query-side expansion when the documents are long. This result indicates that the level of improvement in SDR due to query expansion can be significant  , but is heavily dependent on the selected expansion terms. The four methods examined are no use of expansion  , pre-translation expansion only  , post-translation only  , and the use of both pre-and post-translation expansion. Using all terms for query expansion was significantly better than using only the terms immediately surrounding the user's query Document/Query Representation  , All Words vs. Near Query. Another method called query expansion expands the query terms with similar keywords for refining search results and guessing the user's query intents 2  , 11  , 27  , 28. Query segmentation divides a query into semantically meaningful sub-units 17  , 18. First  , unlike most other query expansion techniques  , we use key phrases as the basic unit for our query term. Indri structure query language model 3 is used in our two interactive runs DUTgen1 and DUTgen2. We tested the effectiveness of a new weighted Query Expansion approach. Query expansion technology is used to modify the initial query. Figure 1a illustrates query translation without expansion. The first was query expansion – where additional terms were added to the query itself. The key problem of query expansion is to compute the similarities between terms and the original query. Thus  , query expansion technique to expand the base query was not very helpful. However  , this improvement of recall comes at the expense of reducing the precision. The second query also uses a different set of expansion keywords usually fewer. This work uses fully automatic query expansion. Table 3lists the percentages for query types for CSIs. This approach outperforms many other query expansion techniques. B+R means ranking document with AND condition of every non-stopword in a query. Each correct conflation is a possibility for retrieving documents with textual occurrences different from the query. As introduced in Section 5.3.3  , our system implements a user recommendation functionality through a query expansion mechanism. Many automatic query expansion techniques have been proposed. In this article  , we presented a novel method for automatic query expansion based on query logs. As shown in section 4  , there are many different similarity measures available. We only utilize query expansion from internal dataset and proximity search. FASILKOM03 This run uses phrase query identification  , query expansion from internal dataset  , customized scoring function without RT value added  , proximity search  , keywords weighting  , and language detection. Section 4 illustrates our semantic matching model based on conceptual query and document indexing using UMLS. Both systems first expand the query terms of each interest profile. It incorporates user context to make an expanded query more relevant. The selected terms contained no original query term. Probabilistic facts model extensional knowledge. This enables a principled integration of the thesaurus model and a probabilistic retrieval model. Relevance measurements were integrated within a probabilistic retrieval model for reranking of results.  In the language model approaches to information retrieval  , models that capture term dependencies achieve substantial improvements over the unigram model. Our suggested probabilistic methods are also able to retrieve per-feature opinions for a query product. The model builds a simple statistical language model for each document in the collection. Traditional information retrieval models are mainly classified into classic probabilistic model  , vector space model and statistical language model. Probabilistic Information Retrieval IR model is one of the most classical models in IR. This paper presented the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval. In here  , we further developed and used a fully probabilistic retrieval model. Furthermore. Then we present a probabilistic object-oriented logic for realizing this model  , which uses probabilistic Datalog as inference mechanism. We argue that the current indexing models have not led to improved retrieval results. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query generated from a document 9. The retrieval was performed using query likelihood for the queries in Tables 1 and 2  , using the language models estimated with the probabilistic annotation model. Sound statistic background of the model brings its outstanding performance. This model shows that documents should be ranked according to the score These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. BIR: The background model comprises several sequences of judgements. This in contrast with the probabilistic model of information retrieval . A notable feature of the Fuhr model is the integration of indexing and retrieval models. We use different state-of-the-art keyword-based probabilistic retrieval models such as the sequential dependence model  , a query likelihood model  , and relevance model query expansion . The linkage weighting model based on link frequency can substantially and stably improve the retrieval performances. This evaluation can only be performed for the probabilistic annotation model  , because the direct retrieval model allows us only to estimate feature distributions for individual word images  , not page images. An effective thesaurus-based technique must deal with the problem of word polysemy or ambiguity  , which is particularly serious for Arabic retrieval. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query to be generated from a document 16. The SMART information retrieval system  , originally developed by Salton  , uses the vector-space model of information retrieval that represents query and documents as term vectors. The following equations describe those used as the foundation of our retrieval strategies. In this work  , we show that the database centric probabilistic retrieval model has various interesting properties for both automatic image annotation and semantic retrieval. The probabilistic model of retrieval 20 does this very clearly  , but the language model account of what retrieval is about is not that clear. The proposed probabilistic models of passage-based retrieval are trained in a discriminative manner . However  , accurately estimating these probabilities is difficult for generative probabilistic language modeling techniques. Instead of the vector space model or the classical probabilistic model we will use a new model  , called the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval  , which is described in the appendix of this paper. It is generally agreed that the probabilistic approach provides a sound theoretical basis for the development of information retrieval systems. We define the parameters of relevant and non-relevant document language model as θR and θN . We model the relevant model and non-relevant model in the probabilistic retrieval model as two multinomial distributions. A model of a retrieval situation with PDEL contains two separate parts  , one epistemic model that accomodates the deterministic information about the interactions and one pure probabilistic model. The about predicate says that d1 is about 'databases' with 0.7 probability and about 'retrieval' with 0.5 probability . The rule retrieve means that a document should be retrieved when it is about 'databases' or 'retrieval'. We provide a probabilistic model for image retrieval problem. Therefore  , in a probabilistic model for video retrieval shots are ranked by their probability of having generated the query. However  , applying the probabilistic IR model into legal text retrieval is relatively new. query terms rather than document terma because they were investigating probabilistic retrieval Model 2 of Robertson et.al. The incrementing of document scores in this way is ba.sed on a probabilistic model of retrieval described in Croft's paper. Technical details of the probabilistic retrieval model can be found in the appendix of this paper. After obtaining   , another essential component in Eqn. the probabilistic model offers justification for various methods that had previously been used in automatic retrieval environments on an empirical basis. If a query consists of several independent parts e.g. We present a probabilistic model for the retrieval of multimodal documents. We will revisit and evaluate some representative retrieval models to examine how well they work for finding related articles given a seed article. With weight parameters  , these can be integrated into one distribution over documents  , e.g. In ROBE81 a similar retrieval model  , the 80 251 called two-poisson-independence TPI model is described. To derive our probabilistic retrieval model  , we first propose a basic query formulation model.  Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. Many models for ranking functions have been proposed previously  , including vector space model 43   , probabilistic model 41 and language model 35 . In the information retrieval domain  , the systems are based on three basic models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model. 10 uses a 2-Poisson model for including term frequency-based probabilities in the probabilistic retrieval model. The novelty of our work lies in a probabilistic generation model for opinion retrieval  , which is general in motivation and flexible in practice. navigation-aided retrieval constitutes a strict generalization of the conventional probabilistic IR model. We conducted numerous calibrations using the vector space model Singhal96  , Robertson's probabilistic retrieval strategy Robertson98  , and a modified vector space retrieval strategy. The probabilistic retrieval model is attractive because it provides a theoretical foundation for the retrieval operation which takes into account the notion of document relevance. In the next section  , we describe related work on collection selection and merging of ranked results. 6 identify and classify temporal information needs based on the relevant document timestamp distribution to improve retrieval. This paper looks at the three grand probabilistic retrieval models: binary independent retrieval BIR  , Poisson model PM  , and language modelling LM. Query likelihood retrieval model 1  , which assumes that a document generates a query  , has been shown to work well for ad-hoc information retrieval. The model supports probabilistic indexing 9  , however we implement a simplified version in which only estimates of O or 1 are used for the probability that a document has a feature. Eri can be determined by a point estimate from the specific text retrieval model that has been applied. The probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S 11  scores documents by combining field-level querylikelihood scores similarly to other field-based retrieval mod- els 13. This shows that both the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the language modeling approach to retrieval are special cases of the risk minimization framework. Results include  , for example  , the formalisation of event spaces. Performance on the official TREC-8 ad hoc task using our probabilistic retrieval model is shown in Figure 7. Similar probabilistic model is also proposed in 24  , but this model focuses in parsing noun phrases thus not generally applicable to web queries. Although PRMS was originally proposed for XML retrieval  , it was later applied to ERWD 2. The first probabilistic model captures the retrieval criterion that a document is relevant if any passage in the document is relevant. We start with a probabilistic retrieval model: we use probabilistic indexing weights  , the document score is the probability that the document implies the query  , and we estimate the probability that the document is relevant to a user. In the following  , we investigate three different  , theoretically motivated methods for predicting retrieval quality i.e. To solve the problem  , we propose a new probabilistic retrieval method  , Translation model  , Specifications Generation model  , and Review and Specifications Generation model  , as well as standard summarization model MEAD  , its modified version MEAD-SIM  , and standard ad-hoc retrieval method. One of the main reasons why the probabilistic model bas not been widely accepted is; pemaps  , due to its computational complexity. The term-precision model differs from the previous two weighting systems in that document relevance is taken into account. The thesaurus is incorporated within classical information retrieval models  , such as vector space model and probabilistic model 13. The score function of the probabilistic retrieval model based on the multinomial distribution can be derived from taking the log-odds ratio of two multinomial distributions. In this paper we introduce a probabilistic information retrieval model. Although the most popular is still undoubtedly the vector space model proposed by Salton 19   , many new or complementary alternatives have been proposed  , such as the Probabilistic Model 16. the binary independent retrieval BIR model 15 and some state-of-the-art language models proposed for IR in the literature. Recently  , the PRF principle has also been implemented within the language modeling framework. Overall  , the PLM is shown to be able to achieve " soft " passage retrieval and capture proximity heuristic effectively in a unified probabilistic framework. We further incorporate the probabilistic query segmentation into a unified language model for information retrieval. We proposed a formal probabilistic model of Cross-Language Information Retrieval. In this paper  , we present a Cross Term Retrieval model  , denoted as CRTER  , to model the associations among query terms in probabilistic retrieval models. The retrieval model we use to rank video shots is a generative model inspired by the language modelling approach to information retrieval 2  , 1  and a similar probabilistic approach to image re- trieval 5. We start by formulating the integrated language model with query segmentation based on the probabilistic ranking prin- ciple 15. Given a text query  , retrieval can be done with these probabilistic annotations in a language model based approach using query-likelihood ranking. Classifiers were trained according to the probabilistic model described by Lewis 14  , which was derived from a retrieval model proposed by Fuhr 9. We explain the PRM-S model in the following section. To our knowledge  , no one has yet tried to incorporate such a thesaurus within the language modeling framework. The model is significantly different from other recently proposed models in that it does not attempt to translate either the query or the documents. Both of these models estimate the probability of relevance of each document to the query. We start by developing a formal probabilistic model for the utilization of key concepts for information retrieval. Probabilistic models have been successfully applied in document ranking  , such as the traditional probabilistic model 23  , 13  , 24 and stochastic language model 21  , 15  , 29 etc. The main contribution of our work is a formal probabilistic approach to estimating a relevance model with no training data. The second probabilistic model goes a step further and takes into account the content similarities among passages. Importantly  , our navigation-aided retrieval model strictly generalizes the conventional probabilistic information retrieval model  , which implicitly assumes no propensity to navigate formal details are provided in Section 3. In the second model  , which we call the " Direct Retrieval " model  , we take each text query and compute the probability of generating a member of the feature vocabulary. The main techniques used in our runs include medical concept detection  , a vectorspace retrieval model  , a probabilistic retrieval model  , a supervised preference ranking model  , unsupervised dimensionality reduction  , and query expansion. The details of these techniques are given in the next section. 39 This last model appears to be computationally difficult  , but further progress may be anticipated in the design and use of probabilistic retrieval models. The main difference between the TPI model and the RPI model is that the RPI model is suited to different probabilistic indexing models  , whereas the TPI model is an ex~ension of the two-poisson model for multi-term queries. The contribution that each of the top ranked documents makes to this model is directly related to their retrieval score for the initial query. In this section  , we apply the six constraints defined in the previous section to three specific retrieval formulas  , which respectively represent the vector space model  , the classical probabilistic retrieval model  , and the language modeling approach. Most of the existing retrieval models assume a " bag-of-words " representation of both documents and queries. We have presented a new dependence language modeling approach to information retrieval. Coming back to Figure 1  , notice that certain hyperlinks are highlighted i.e. In this paper we present a novel probabilistic information retrieval model and demonstrate its capability to achieve state-of-the-art performance on large standardized text collections. The retrieval model integrates term translation probabilities with corpus statistics of query terms and statistics of term occurrences in a document to produce a probability of relevance for the document to the query. We discussed a model of retrieval that bridges a gap between the classical probabilistic models of information retrieval  , and the emerging language modeling approaches. For relevant task  , a multi-field relevance ranking based on probabilistic retrieval model has been used. 2 integrate temporal expressions in documents into a time-aware probabilistic retrieval model. We then proceed to detail the supervised machine learning technique used for key concept identification and weighting. Rules model intensional knowledge  , from which new probabilistic facts are derived. 3.2.1 Unigram language models: In the language modelling framework  , document ranking is primarily based on the following two steps. Canfora and Cerulo 2 searched for source files through change request descriptions in open source code projects. In this paper the different disambiguation strategies of the Twenty-One system will be evaluated. However  , it is worth mentioning that the proposed method is generally applicable to any probabilistic retrieval model. In blog seed retrieval tasks  , we are interested in finding blogs with relevant and recurring interests for given topics . Traditional IR probabilistic models  , such as the binary independence retrieval model 11  , 122 focus on relevance to queries. For example  , the useful inverse document frequency  idf term weighting system. Results from our integrated approach outperformed baseline results and exceeded the top results reported at the TREC forum  , demonstrating the efficacy of our approach. However   , the utilization of relevant information was one of the most important component in Probabilistic retrieval model. In the probabilistic retrieval model used in this work  , we interpret the weight of a query term to be the frequency of the term being generated in query generation. Review and Specifications Generation model ReviewSpecGen considers both query-relevance and centrality  , so we use it as another baseline method. Thk paper describes how these issues can be addressed in a retrieval system based on the inference net  , a probabilistic model of information retrieval. A new probabilistic generative model is proposed for the generation of document content as well as the associated social annotations. Furthermore  , our empirical work suggests that in the case of unambiguous queries for which conventional IR techniques are sufficient  , NAR reduces to standard IR automatically. They use both a probabilistic information retrieval model and vector space models. This is the second year that the IR groups of Tsinghua University participated in TREC Blog Track. In our model  , both single terms and compound dependencies are mathematically modeled as projectors in a vector space  , i.e. We further leverage answers to a question to bridge the vocabulary gap between a review and a question. The robustness of the approach is also studied empirically in this paper. The basic idea is that there is uncertainty in the prediction of the ranking lists of images based on current visual distances of retrieved images to the query image. For example   , probabilistic models are a common type of model used for IR. Conclusions and the contributions of this work are summarized in Section 6. This paper defines a linguistically motivated model of full text information retrieval. Other QBSD audition systems 19  , 20  have been developed for annotation and retrieval of sound effects. The top ranked m collections are chosen for retrieval . In this paper  , we proposed a novel probabilistic model for blog opinion retrieval. Current experiments deal with the following topics: probabilistic retrieval binary independent model  , automatic weighting  , morphological segmentation  , efficiency of thesaurus organization  , association measures reconsidered. For example  , paper D  , " A proximity probabilistic model for information retrieval " mentions both A and B. In our hypothetical example  , A has only a handful of citation contexts which we would like to expand to better describe paper A. Figure 4shows the interpolated precision scores obtained with the probabilistic annotation and direct retrieval model. In this paper  , we propose a probabilistic entity retrieval model that can capture indirect relationships between nodes in the RDF graph. In sum  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. According to one model Collection-centric  , each collection is represented as a term distribution computed over its contents. In the following  , the probabilistic model for distributed IR is experimentally evaluated with respect to the retrieval effectiveness . RSJ relevance weighting of query terms was proposed in 1976 5 as an alternative term weighting of 2 when relevant information is available. Evaluation is a difficult problem since queries and relevance judgements are not available for this task. These two probabilistic models for the document retrieval problem grow out of two different ways of interpreting probability of relevance. Intermediate results imply that accepted hypotheses have to be revised. The comparison of our approach to both the probabilistic retrieval models and the previous language models will show that our model achieves substantial and significant improvements. The probabilistic retrieval model also relies on an adjustment for document length 3. To perform information retrieval  , a label is also associated with each term in the query. These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. The experiments show that with our estimate of the relevance model  , classical probabilistic models of retrieval outperform state-of-the-art heuristic and language modeling approaches. As boolean retrieval is in widespread use in practice  , there are attempts to find a combination with probabilistic ranking procedures. In classical probabilistic IR models  , such as the binary independence retrieval BIR model 18  , both queries and documents are represented as a set of terms that are assumed to be statistically independent. Our first probabilistic model captures the retrieval criterion that a document is relevant if any passage of the document is relevant and models individual passages independently. Our experiments on six standard TREC collections indicate the effectiveness of our dependence model: It outperforms substantially over both the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the state-of-the-art unigram and bigram language models. This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . These models were derived within many variations extended Boolean models  , models based on fuzzy sets theory  , generalized vector space model ,. It is more flexible then the BU model  , because it works with two concepts: 'correctneu' aa a basis of the underlying indexing model  , and 'relevance' for ·the retrieval parameters. Since the first model estimates the probability of relevance for each passage independently  , the model is called the independent passage model. Probabilistic Retrieval Model for Semistructured Data PRMS 14  is a unigram bag-ofwords model for ad-hoc structured document retrieval that learns a simple statistical relationship between the intended mapping of terms in free-text queries and their frequency in different document fields. Unlike some traditional phrase discovery methods  , the TNG model provides a systematic way to model topical phrases and can be seamlessly integrated with many probabilistic frameworks for various tasks such as phrase discovery   , ad-hoc retrieval  , machine translation  , speech recognition and statistical parsing. We proposed several methods to solve this problem  , including summarization-based methods such as MEAD and MEAD-SIM and probabilistic retrieval methods such as Specifications Generation model  , Review and Specifications Generation model  , and Translation model. One component of a probabilistic retrieval model is the indexing model  , i.e. To the former we owe the concept of a relevance model: a language model representative of a class of relevant documents. In a very recent work 4  , the author proposed a topic dependent method for sentiment retrieval  , which assumed that a sentence was generated from a probabilistic model consisting of both a topic language model and a sentiment language model. An important advantage of introducing a language model for each position is that it can allow us to model the " best-matching position " in a document with probabilistic models  , thus supporting " soft " passage retrieval naturally. The retrieval function is: This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . A second sense of the word 'model' is the probabilistic sense where it refers to an explanatory model of the data. The TPI model makes more use of the specific assumption of the indexing model  , 80 that for any other indexing model a new retrieval model would have to be developed. But in order to consider the special nature of annotations for retrieval  , we proposed POLAR Probabilistic Object-oriented Logics for Annotation-based Retrieval as a framework for annotation-based document retrieval and discussion search 8 . A model of randomness is derived by a suitable interpretation of the probabilistic urn models of Types I and II 4 i n to the context of Information Retrieval. 10 on desktop search  , which includes document query-likelihood DLM  , the probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S and the interpolation of DLM and PRM-S PRM-D. We suggested why classical models with their explicit notion of relevance may potentially be more attractive than models that limit queries to being a sample of text. for the distribution of visual features given the semantic class.  published search reports can be used to learn to rank and provide significant retrieval improvements ? In information retrieval there are three basic models which are respectively formulated with the Boolean  , vector  , and probabilistic concepts. Two retrieval runs were submitted: one consisting of the title and description sections only T+D and the other consisting of all three title  , description  , and narrative sections T+D+N. We show examples of extracted phrases and more interpretable topics on the NIPS data  , and in a text mining application  , we present better information retrieval performance on an ad-hoc retrieval task over a TREC collection. The 2006 legal track provides an uniform simulation of legal text requests in real litigation  , which allows IR researchers to evaluate their retrieval systems in the legal domain. In some cases  , our structured queries even attain a better retrieval performance than the title queries on the same topic. As described in Section 3  , the frequency is used as an exponent in the retrieval function. Among many variants of language models proposed  , the most popular and fundamental one is the query-generation language model 21  , 13  , which leads to the query-likelihood scoring method for ranking documents. One of the important properties of the database centric probabilistic retrieval formulation is that  , due to the simplicity of the retrieval model  , it enables the implementation of sophisticated parameter optimization procedures. One major goal of us is to evaluate the effect of a probabilistic retrieval model on the legal domain. The vector space model as well as probabilistic information retrieval PIR models 4  , 28  , 29 and statistical language models 14 are very successful in practice. In the probabilistic retrieval model 2  , for instance  , it is assumed that indexing is not perfect in the sense that there exists relevant and nonrelevant documents with the same description. Blog post opinion retrieval is the problem of finding blog posts that express opinion about a given query topic. Results show that in most test sets  , LDM outperforms significantly the state-of-the-art LM approaches and the classical probabilistic retrieval model. Our approach provides a conceptually simple but explanatory model of re- trieval. Thus  , our method demonstrates an interesting meld of discriminative and generative models for IR. This system is based on a supervised multi-class labeling SML probabilistic model 1  , which has shown good performance on the task of image retrieval. The dependencies derived automatically from Boolean queries show only a small improvement in retrieval effectiveness. Traditional probabilistic relevance frameworks for informational retrieval 30  refrain from taking positional information into account  , both because of the hurdles of developing a sound model while avoiding an explosion in the number of parameters and because positional information has been shown somehow surprisingly to have little effect on aver- age 34 . For example  , given the fundamentally different from these efforts is the importance given to word distributions: while the previous approaches aim to create joint models for words and visual features some even aim to provide a translation between the two modalities 7  , database centric probabilistic retrieval aims for the much simpler goal of estimating the visual feature distributions associated with each word. The model assumes that the relevance relationship between a document and a user's query cannot be determined with certainty. For many of the past TREC experiments  , our system has been demonstrated to provide superior effectiveness  , and last year it was observed that PIRCS is one of few automatic systems that provides many unique relevant documents in the judgment pool VoHa98. We design the model based on the assumption that the descriptions of an entity exist at any literal node that can be reached from the resource entity node by following the paths in the graph. Two well known probabilistic approaches to retrieval are the Robertson and Sparck Jones model 14 and the Croft and Harper model 3 . It has been observed that in general the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the unigram language model approach perform very similarly if both have been fine-tuned. The retrieval model scores documents based on the relative change in the document likelihoods   , expressed as the ratio of the conditional probability of the document given the query and the prior probability of the document before the query is specified. Cooper's paper on modeling assumptions for the classical probabilistic retrieval model 2. For page retrieval  , these annotation probability distributions are averaged over all images that occur in a page  , thus creating a language model of the page. Language modeling approaches apply query expansion to incorporate information from Lafferty and Zhai 7 have demonstrated the probability equivalence of the language model to the probabilistic retrieval model under some very strong assumptions  , which may or may not hold in practice. While tbe power of this model yields strong retrieval effectiveness  , the structured queries supported by the model present a challenge when considering optimization techniques. Antoniol  , Canfora  , Casazza  , DeLucia  , and Merlo 3 used the vector space model and a probabilistic model to recover traceability from source code modules to man pages and functional requirements. We chose PIR models because we could extend them to model data dependencies and correlations the critical ingredients of our approach in a more principled manner than if we had worked with alternate IR ranking models such as the Vector-Space model. In the use of language modeling by Ponte and Croft 17  , a unigram language model is estimated for each document  , and the likelihood of the query according to this model is used to score the document for ranking. The Mirror DBMS uses the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval Hie99  , HK99. We currently concentrate on system design and integration. This paper will demonstrate that these advantages translate directly into improved retrieval performance for the routing problem. It is a probabilistic model that considers documents as binary vectors and ranks them in order of their probability of relevance given a query according to the Probability Ranking Principle 2. The main feature of the PRM-S model is that weights for combining field-level scores are estimated based on the predicted mapping between query terms and document fields  , which can be efficiently computed based on collection term statistics. In this section  , we propose a non-parametric probabilistic model to measure context-based and overall relevance between a manuscript and a candidate citation  , for ranking retrieved candidates. This work is also closely related to the retrieval models that capture higher order dependencies of query terms. Thus  , our PIRCS system may also be viewed as a combination of the probabilistic retrieval model and a simple language model. The proposed model is guided by the principle that given the normalized frequency of a term in a document   , the score is proportional to the likelihood that the normalized tf is maximum with respect to its distribution in the elite set for the corresponding term. The PLM at a position of a document would be estimated based on the propagated word counts from the words at all other positions in the document. Lafferty and Zhai 7 have demonstrated the probability equivalence of the language model to the probabilistic retrieval model under some very strong assumptions  , which may or may not hold in practice. Next  , we improve on it by employing a probabilistic generative model for documents  , queries and query terms  , and obtain our best results using a variant of the model that incorporates a simple randomwalk modification. This paper focuses on whether the use of context information can enhance retrieval effectiveness in retrospective experiments that use the statistics of relevance information similar to the w4 term weight 1  , the ratio of relevance odds and irrelevance odds. This paper discusses an approach to the incorporation of new variables into traditional probabilistic models for information retrieval  , and some experimental results relating thereto. Research on disambiguating senses of the translated queries and distributing the weighting for each translation candidate in a vector space model or a probabilistic retrieval model 3 will be the primary focus in the second phase of the MUST project. However  , as any retrieval system has a restricted knowledge about a request  , the notation /A: used in the probabilistic formulas below does not relate to a single request  , it stands for a set of requests about which the system has the same knowledge. If Model 3 constitutes a valid schema for this kind of a search situation  , we see that it should be applicable not only to the document retrieval problem but for other kinds of search and retrieval situations as well. These dependent term groups were then used to modify the rankings of documents retrieved by a probabilistic retrieval  , as was done in CROVS6a. Among the applications for a probabilistic model are i accurate search and retrieval from Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Our performance experiments demonstrate the efficiency and practical viability of TopX for ranked retrieval of XML data. In information retrieval domain  , systems are founded on three basic ones models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model which were derived within many variations extended Boolean models  , models based on fuzzy sets theory  , generalized vector space model ,. Basically  , a model of Type I is a model where balls tokens are randomly extracted from an urn  , whilst in Type II models balls are randomly extracted from an urn belonging to a collection of urns documents. In 1976 Robertson and Sparck Jones proposed a second probabilistic model which we shall refer to as Model 2 for the document retrieval problem. To evaluate relevance of retrieved opinion sentences in the situation where humanlabeled judgments are not available  , we measured the proximity between the retrieved text and the actual reviews of a query product. 5 Model 2 interprets the information seeking situation in the usual way as follows: The documents in the collection have a wide variety of different properties; semantic properties of aboutness  , linguistic properties concerning words that occur in their titles or text  , contextual properties concerning who are their authors  , where they were published   , what they cited  , etc. The database centric probabilistic retrieval model is compared to existing semantic labeling and retrieval methods  , and shown to achieve higher accuracy than the previously best published results  , at a fraction of their computational cost. However  , diaeerent research communities have associated diaeerent partially incompatiblee interpretations with the values returned from such score functions   , such astThe fuzzy set interpretation ë2  , 8ë  , the spatial interpretation originally used in text databases  , the metric interpetation ë9ë  , or the probabilistic interpretation underlying advanced information retrieval systems ë10ë. The classical probabilistic retrieval model 16  , 13  of information retrieval has received recognition for being theoreti- Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Recently  , though  , it has been proved that considering sequences of terms that form query concepts is beneficial for retrieval 6. We propose a formal probabilistic model for incorporating query and key concepts information into a single structured query  , and show that using these structured queries results in a statistically significant improvement in retrieval performance over using the original description queries on all tested corpora. Following 21  , we define a theme as follows: Definition 1 Theme A theme in a text collection C is a probabilistic distribution of words characterizing a semantically coherent topic or subtopic. According to one model Collection-centric  , each collection is represented as a term distribution  , which is estimated from all sampled documents. The framework is very general and expressive  , and by choosing specific models and loss functions it is possible to recover many previously developed frameworks. We focused on the problem of opinion topic relatedness and we showed that using proximity information of opinionated terms to query terms is a good indicator of opinion and query-relatedness. In Bau99  , the procedure for estimating the addends in equation 2 is exemplarily shown for the mentioned BIR as well as the retrieval-with-probabilistic-indexing RPI model Fuh92. In fact  , most of the known non-distributed probabilistic retrieval models propose a RSV computation that is based on an accumulation over all query features. We first utilize a probabilistic retrieval model to select a smaller set of candidate questions that are relevant to a given review from a large pool of questions crawled from the CQA website. In summary  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. ing e.g. Formally  , the PLSA model assumes that all P~ can be represented in the following functional form 6  , where it is closely related to other recent approaches for retrieval based on document-specific language models 8  , 1. The strategy developed from the probabilistic model by Croft CROFS1 ,CROF86a 1 can make use of information about the relative importance of terms and about dependencies between terms. Figure 2 shows the recallprecision curves for the results of executing 19 queries with the two retrieval mechanisms LSA and probabilistic model supported in CodeBroker. In this paper we: i present a general probabilistic model for incorporating information about key concepts into the base query  , ii develop a supervised machine learning technique for key concept identification and weighting  , and iii empirically demonstrate that our technique can significantly improve retrieval effectiveness for verbose queries. For information retrieval  , query prefetching typically assumes a probabilistic model  , e.g. Our model integrates information produced by some standard fusion method  , which relies on retrieval scores ranks of documents in the lists  , with that induced from clusters that are created from similar documents across the lists. In this section  , we analyze the probabilistic retrieval model based on the multinomial distribution to shed some light on the intuition of using the DCM distribution. With such a probabilistic model  , we can then select those segmentations with high probabilities and use them to construct models for information retrieval. Each model ranks candidates according to the probability of the candidate being an expert given the query topic  , but the models differ in how this is performed. We chose probabilistic structured queries PSQ as our CLIR baseline because among vector space techniques for CLIR it presently yields the best retrieval effectiveness. With the mapping probabilities estimated as described above  , the probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S can use these as weights for combining the scores from each field PQLw|fj into a document score  , as follows: Also  , PM Fj denotes the prior probability of field Fj mapped into any query term before observing collection statistics. He proposed to extract temporal expressions from news  , index news articles together with temporal expressions   , and retrieve future information composed of text and future dates by using a probabilistic model. In particular  , we hope to develop and test a model  , within the framework of the probabilistic theory of document retrieval  , which makes optimum use of within-document frequencies in searching. Progress towards this end  , both theoretical and experimental  , is described in this chapter. The language modeling approach to information retrieval represents queries and documents as probabilistic models 1. Researchers explicitly attempted to model word occurrences in relevant and nonrelevant classes of documents  , and used their models to classify the document into the more likely class. Unsupervised topic modeling has been an area of active research since the PLSA method was proposed in 17 as a probabilistic variant of the LSA method 9  , the approach widely used in information retrieval to perform dimensionality reduction of documents. Similarly  , 16  integrated linkage weighting calculated from a citation graph into the content-based probabilistic weighting model to facilitate the publication retrieval. Using the notion of the context  , we can develop a probabilistic context-based retrieval model 2. For example  , for the query " bank of america online banking "   , {banking  , 0.001} are all valid segmentations  , where brackets   are used to indicate segment boundaries and the number at the end is the probability of that particular segmentation. The initial thresholds are set to a large multiple of the probability of selecting the query from a random document. The basic system we used for SK retrieval in TREC-8 is similar to that presented at TREC-7 11   , but the final system also contains several new devices. Figure 5shows the interpolated precision scores for the top 20 retrieved page images using 1-word queries. Assuming the metric is an accurate reflection of result quality for the given application  , our approach argues that optimizing the metric will guide the system towards desired results. Unlike most existing combination strategies   , ours makes use of some knowledge of the average performance of the constituent systems. There are two directions of information retrieval research that provide a theoretical foundation for our model: the now classic work on probabilistic models of relevance  , and the recent developments in language modeling techniques for IR. With respect to representations  , two research directions can be taken in order to relax the independence assumption 9  , 16. The use of these two weights is equivalent to the tf.idf model SALT83b ,CROF84 which is regarded as one of the best statistical search strategies. We calculate the log-odds ratio of the probabilities of relevant and irrelevant given a particular context and assign the value to the query term weight. Estimating £ ¤ § © in a typical retrieval environment is difficult because we have no training data: we are given a query  , a large collection of documents and no indication of which documents might be relevant. In the language modeling framework  , documents are modeled as the multinomial distributions capturing the word frequency occurrence within the documents. The language mod¾ However  , the motivation to extend the original probabilistic model 28 with within-document term frequency and document length normalisation was probably based on empirical observations. Our contributions are:  Presenting a novel probabilistic opinion retrieval model that is based on proximity between opinion lexicons and query terms. The standard probabilistic retrieval model uses three basic parameters  Swanson  , 1974  , 1975: In particular  , instead of considering only the overall frequency characteristics of the terms  , one is interested in the term-occurrence properties in both the relevant and the nonrelevant items with respect to some query. The probabilistic model described in the following may be considered to be a proposal for such a framework. In this study  , we further extend the previous utilizations of query logs to tackle the contextual retrieval problems. All these experiments have like ours  , been done on the CACM document collection and the dependencies derived from queries were then used in a probabilistic model for retrieval. In general  , our work indicates the potential value of " teaching to the test " —choosing  , as the objective function to be optimized in the probabilistic model  , the metric used to evaluate the information retrieval system. We have proposed a probabilistic model for combining the outputs of an arbitrary number of query retrieval systems. In this section  , we describe probFuse  , a probabilistic approach to data fusion. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , there have been no attempts to prefetch RDF data based on the structure of sequential related Sparql queries within and across query sessions. We created a half of the queries  , and collected the other half from empirical experiments and frequently asked questions in Java-related newsgroups. Relevance modeling 14 is a BRF approach to language modeling that uses the top ranked documents to construct a probabilistic model for performing the second retrieval. Being able to provide specific answers is only possible from models supporting LMU only conditionally  , as for example the vector space models with trained parameters or probabilistic models do 7. The central issue of statistical machine translation is to construct a probabilistic model between the spaces of two languages 4. In information retrieval  , many statistical methods 3 8 9 have been proposed for effectively finding the relationship between terms in the space of user queries and those in the space of documents. The probabilistic annotation model can handle multi-word queries while the direct retrieval approach is limited to 1 word queries at this time. Figure 4shows that this yields a much better ordering than the original probabilistic annotation  , even better than the direct retrieval model for high ranks. We first employ a probabilistic retrieval model to retrieve candidate questions based on their relevance scores to a review. In this paper we presented a robust probabilistic model for query by melody. Several probabilistic retrieval models for integrating term statistics with entity search using multiple levels of document context to improve the performance of chemical patent invalidity search. We have shown here that at least as far as the current state of the art with respect to Boolean operators is concerned  , a probabilistic theory of information retrieval can be equally beneficial in this regard. The classic probabilistic model of information retrieval the RSJ model 18 takes the query-oriented view or need-oriented view  , assuming a given information need and choosing the query representation in order to select relevant documents. This ranking function includes a probability called the term significunce weight that can estimated by nor- malizing the within document frequency for a term in a particular document. Representative examples include the Probabilistic Indexing model that studies how likely a query term is assigned to a relevant document 17  , the RSJ model that derives a scoring function on the basis of the log-ratio of probability of relevance 20  , to name just a few. To the best of our knowledge  , our paper presents the very first application of all three n-gram based topic models on Gigabyte collections  , and a novel way to integrate n-gram based topic models into the language modeling framework for information retrieval tasks. All Permission to copy without ~ee all or part o~ this material is granted provided th;ot the copyright notice a~ the "Organization o~ the 1~86-ACM Con~erence an Research and Development in Information Retrieval~ and the title o~ the publication and it~ date appear. In the next section  , we address these concerns by taking a more principled approach to set-based information retrieval via maximum a posteriori probabilistic inference in a latent variable graphical model of marginal relevance PLMMR. ln the experiments reported in this paper we have also incremented document scores by some factor but the differences between our experiment and Croft's work are the methods used for identifying dependencies from queries  , and the fact that syntactic information from document texts sentence a.nd phrase boundaries is used in our work. While the inherent benefits of longer training times and better model estimates are now fairly well understood  , it has one additional advantage over query centric retrieval that does not appear to be widely appreciated. These methods should be considered with respect to their applicability in the field of information retrieval  , especially those that are based on a probabilistic model: they have a well-founded thm retical background and can be shown to be optimum with respect to certain reasonable restrictions. To copy otherwise  , to republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. Despite this progress in the development of formal retrieval models  , good empirical performance rarely comes directly from a theoretically well-motivated model; rather  , Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. The way this information can be used is best described using the probabilistic model of retrieval  , although the same information has been used effectively in systems based on the vector space model Salton and McGill  , 1983; Salton  , 1986; Fagan  , 1987  , 1981  , 1983. For systems with great variability in the lengths of its documents   , it would be more realistic to assume that for fixed j  , X is proportional to the length of document k. Assumption b seems to hold  , but sometimes the documents are ordered by topics  , and then adjacent documents often treat the same subject  , so that X and X~ may be positively correlated if Ik -gl is small. Our goal in the design of the PIA model and system was to allow a maximum freedom in the formulation and combination of predicates while still preserving a minimum semantic consensus necessary to build a meaningful user interface  , an eaecient query evaluator  , user proaele manager  , persistence manager etc. Semantic relevance. Once the semantic relevance values were calculated  , the pictograms were ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the major category. Using the semantic relevance measure  , retrieval tasks were performed to evaluate the semantic relevance measure and the categorized and weighted pictogram retrieval approach. the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. The resulting semantic relevance values will fall between one and zero  , which means either a pictogram is completely relevant to the interpretation or completely irrelevant. The returned set was therefore compared to their query in that light  , their semantic relevance. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. We used two kinds semantic score to evaluate the relevance between tweets and profiles as follow  ,  The semantic score c i is recorded simultaneously . A pure relevance-based based model finds relevance by using semantic information. Semantic errors were reported to developers who quickly confirmed their relevance and took actions to correct them. For example  , if the query is " night "   , relevant pictograms are first selected using the highest semantic relevance value in each pictogram  , and once candidate pictograms are selected  , the pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category  , which in this case is the TIME category. Based on the performance values listed in Table 3  , we see that a the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach performs better than the rest in terms of recall 0.70472 and F 1 measure 0.73757; b the semantic relevance approach in general performs much better than the simple query string match approach; and that c the categorized approach in general performs much better than the not-categorized approach. Simple Semantic Association queries between two entities result in hundreds of results and understanding the relevance of these associations requires comparable intellectual effort to understanding the relevance of a document in response to keyword queries. This is difficult and expensive . For each procedure  , we enumerate a finite set of significant subgraphs; that is  , we enumerate subgraphs that hold semantic relevance and are likely to be good semantic clone candidates . We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design  , and they do not have single  , clear semantics. In our example  , the Semantic GrowBag uses statistical information to compute higher order co-occurrences of keywords. Unlike semantic score features and semantic expansion features which are query-biased  , document quality features are tended to estimate the quality of a tweet. The final step mimics user evaluation of the results  , based on his/her knowledge. Images of the candidate pictograms that contain query as interpretation word are listed at the bottom five rows of Table 4. Our method outperforms the three baselines  , including method only consider PMI  , surface coverage or semantic similarity Table 2: Relevance precision compared with baselines. Each book  , for example  , may take a considerable time to review  , particularly when collecting passage level relevance assessments. Finally  , we evaluate the relevance of identified semantic sets to a given query and rank the members of semantic sets accordingly. In such a system   , users can query with a boolean combination of tags and other keywords  , and obtain resources ranked by relevance to users' interests. Baseline for comparison was a simple string match of the query to interpretation words having a ratio greater than 0.5 5 . In this section  , we discuss to combine multi-domain relevance for tag recommendation MRR. Befi q captures relevance because it is based on all propositions defining the semantic content of the object o  , that imply the query formula. It is designed to be used with formal query method and does not incorporate IR relevance measurements. This ensures that our dataset enables measuring recall and all of the query-document matches  , even non-trivial  , are present. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. While sorting by relevance can be useful   , clearly the sequence of components in documents is typically based on something more meaningful. The presented results are preliminary. XSEarch returns semantically related fragments  , ranked by estimated relevance. semantic sets measured according to structural and textual similarity. We detail our semantic modeling approach in In Section 3  , we review conventional IR methods in order to display the basic underlying concepts of determining text relevance. The inferences are exclusive and involve different meanings . Thus  , specific terms are useful to describe the relevance feature of a topic. We explore tag-tag semantic relevance in a tag-specific manner. A screenshot of web-based pictogram retrieval system prototype which uses the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach with a 0.5 cutoff value. syntactic and semantic information . Of course  , high temporal correlation does not guarantee semantic relevance. are in fact simple examples demonstrating the use of the system-under-test. Figure 4shows an example. Another 216 words returned the same results for the three semantic relevance approaches. A cutoff value of 0.5 was used for the three semantic relevance approaches. Each of the 6 NASA TLX semantic differentials was compared across document size and document relevance level. L in the Vector Space Model  , whose relevance to some documents have been manually labeled. The pictograms listed here are the relevant pictogram set of the given word; 3 QUERY MATCH RATIO > 0.5 lists all pictograms having the query as interpretation word with ratio greater than 0.5; 4 SR WITHOUT CATEGORY uses not-categorized interpretations to calculate the semantic relevance value; 5 SR WITH CATEGORY & NOT- WEIGHTED uses categorized interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram; 6 SR WITH CATEGORY & WEIGHTED uses categorized and weighted interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. Gray scale indicates computed relevance with white most relevant. There are no semantic or pragmatic theories to guide us. Users struggled to understand why the returned set lacked semantic relevance. Section 4 presents precision  , recall  , and retrieval examples of four pictogram retrieval approaches. For a given Latent Semantic Space In this work we use the Euclidean distance to measure the relevance between a query and a document. We consider various combinations of text and link similarity and discuss how these correlate with semantic similarity and how well they rank pages. Using σ G s as a surrogate for user assessments of semantic similarity  , we can address the general question of how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. In this paper we do not address the problem of scalability or efficiency in determining the relevance of the ontologies  , in respect to a query. The weighted version RW weights the semantic clusters based on the aggregate relevance levels of the tweets included in each cluster. The relevance values attached to each rule then provide  , together with an appropriate calculus of relevance values  , a mechanism for determining the overall relevance of a given document as a function of those patterns which it contains. The higher relevance ratings for the task that required subjects to locate a previously seen image suggest that users were better able to specify those queries. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized  , 2 categorized  , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared  , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. The intuition behind this approach is that proximity in the graph reflects mutual relevance between nodes.  The distinguishability of keyword: A resource having semantic paths to distinguishable keywords is more relevant than a resource having semantic paths to undistinguishable keywords. Topics sustainable tourism and interpolation 1411 and 4882 do not benefit from semantic matching due to a semantic gap: interpolation is associated with the polynomial kind while the relevance assessments focus on stochastic methods. Relevance: On the one hand all of our data is exposed through different formats  , which limits not only their integration and semantic interpretation but also any kind of basic inference across data sources. To calculate precision and recall  , we normalize the semantic distance to a scale from 0 to 1. To do so  , the model leverages the existing classifier p0y|x  , and create the semantic embedding vector of x as a convex combination of semantic vectors of the most relevant training labels. These quality measures were derived by observing the workflow of a domain expert using the example of but not limited to the field of chemistry. Having validated the proposed semantic similarity measure   , in Section 4 we begin to explore the question of applications   , namely how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. Using this method we find that 48 ,922 doorway pages in 526 abusive cloud directories utilize traffic spam techniques to manipulate the page relevance.  In this paper  , we focus on ranking the results of complex relationship searches on the Semantic Web. Besides the semantic relevance between the ad and ad landing page  , the ad should be consistent with the style of web page.  The number of meaningful semantic path instances: We regard resources which have many meaningful semantic path instances directed to keywords as more relevant resources. Interestingly  , for the topic law and informatization/computerization 1719 we see that the Dutch translation of law is very closely related. This was not so clear about our application in the relevance part of semantic data – in the form of the lexicon of referential equivalents. Boolean operators and uncertainty operators have to be evaluated in a different way from the evaluation of semantic operators. In this paper 1 we present a coordination middleware for the Semantic Web and demonstrate its relevance to these vital issues for Semantic Web applications. Fourth  , we developed a suitable ranking mechanism that takes into account both the degree of the semantic relationship and the relevance of the keywords. Other semantic types that fell under health  , biology and chemistry related topics were given a medium weight. We introduce a typical use case in which an intelligent traffic management system must support coordinated access to a knowledge base for a large number of agents. Their approach combines a retrieval model with the methods for spreading activation over the link structure of a knowledge graph and evaluation of membership in semantic sets. In the same way that assessors disagree over relevance judgments see 6 for a nice summary  , humans also disagree about whether two pieces of text have the same semantic content. Finally we have undertaken a massive data mining effort on ODP data in order to begin to explore how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance in agreement with semantic similarity. We argue that considering a latent semantic model's score only is not enough to determine its effectiveness in search  , and all potentially useful information captured by the model should be considered . Combinations of latent semantic models. Situation-aware applications would additionally require semantic assertions about the user navigation  , interaction logic and associated data model for the purposes of temporal and positional relevance. In particular  , a definite effect was observed for RTs typically less than for hierarchical traversal. Degree of Category Coverage DCC  , semantic word bandwidth SWD and relevance of covered terms RCT  , for measuring the quality of semantic techniques used for taxonomy / folksonomy creation. Based on these observations  , we proposed three measures namely degree of category coverage DCC  , semantic word bandwidth SWB and relevance of covered terms RCT. After that it matches the query keywords with the generated service semantic graph keywords to find relevance and propose services to the user. The semantic match relies on the classification of pages and ads into a 6000 nodes commercial advertising taxonomy to determine their topical distance. The semantic types used in the current system were determined entirely by inspection. In addition  , the usual problems attached to concurrent executions  , like race conditions and deadlocks  , are raised. We extract the keywords from the META tag of the doorway pages and query their semantic similarity using DISCO API. As the length of a semantic path gets longer  , the relevance between the source and the destination decreases. In the ARCOMEM project 22 first approaches have been investigated to implement a social and semantic driven selection model for Web and Social Web content. We offer this description to demonstrate that evidence gleaned from pseudo-queries could have non-temporal applications  , calling the induced model R a document's " semantic profile. " After explicit feature mapping 18  , the cosine similarity is used as the relevance score. The basic underlying assumption is that the same word form carries the same semantic meaning. If the same types of dependencies were capture by both syntactic and semantic dependencies  , LCE would be expected to perform about equally as well as relevance models. Thus  , a good CBIR method should consider low-level features as well as intrinsic structure of the data. Thus it has particular relevance for archaeological cross domain research. In semantic class extraction  , Zhang et al. In the following section  , five pictogram categories are described  , and characteristics in pictogram interpretation are clarified. Our method presupposes a set of pictograms having a list of interpretation words and ratios for each pictogram. This equation  , however  , does not take into account the similarity of interpretation words. Some semantic-relevance images that can not be found under the typical visual bag-of-words model were successfully retrieved. Hence  , the key issue of the extension is how to findkreate the relevance among different databases. Consider for example an interaction logic implemented as JSP bean or Javascript  , etc. If the glb values of the conjunct are already available in the semantic index  , they are directly retrieved. QR  , using a highly tuned semantic engine  , can attain high relevance. Then in 26  semantic relatedness measure is used to pick the meaning that has the highest relevance to the context where the ambiguous term appears. We assume that the significance of a citation link can be estimated by the relevance of each entity considering the query topic. A version of the corpus is annotated with various linguistic information such as part-of-speech  , morphology  , UMLS semantic classes. Future work will look at incorporating document-side dependencies  , as well. For instance  , a word like " morning " may score high in the category of coffee merely based on its occurrence at similar times as coffee terms. We used sentence as window size to measure relevance of appearing concepts to the topic term. Different from LSA and its variants  , our model learns a projection matrix  , which maps the term-vector of a document onto a lower-dimensional semantic space  , using a supervised learning method. This phenomenon is extremely important to explore the semantic relevance when the label information is unknown. This could be done by assigning weights to Semantic Associations based on the contextual relevance and then validating only those associations with a high relevance weight. In our approaches  , we propose four semantic features. We introduce an experimental platform based on the data set and topics from the Semantic Search Challenge 9  , 4 . We compared the precision of QR implemented on top of three major search engines and saw that relevance can be affected by low recall for long queries; in fact  , precision decays as a function of low recall. However  , this probably changes the 'order' in which events are consumed and thus has semantic relevance. First  , we provide a general method for the aggregation of information streams based on the concept of semantic relevance and on a novel asymmetric aggregation function. Essentially  , an interface to a bi-directional weakly connected graph that is transparently generated as the programmer works. That's why LSSH can improve mAP by 18% at least which also shows the importance to reduce semantic gap between different modals. And a tag-tag visual similarity matrix is formulated by the propagated tag relevance from trustable images in Section 2.2. The topics are categorised into a number of different categories  , including: easy/hard topic " difficulty "   , semantic/visual topic " visuality "   , and geographic/general 4. Average distance weight and the co-occurrence ratio are not able to reflect the semantic similarities between a question and a candidate answer. Section 3 describes semantic relevance measure  , and categorization and weighting of interpretation words. Here  , we propose a semantic relevance measure which outputs relevancy values of each pictogram when a pictogram interpretation is given. In the Semantic Web community  , crowdsourcing has also been recently considered  , for instance to link 10 or map 21  entities. Different from traditional training procedure  , these " weak " learners are trained based on cross domain relevance of the semantic targets. We will show that categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach returns better result than not-categorized  , not-weighted approaches. When the semantic relevance is calculated  , however  , the equation takes into account all the interpretation words including talking or church or play. Based on this prediction  , we propose a semantic relevance calculation on categorized interpretations. Once the relevant pictograms are selected  , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. As expected  , the worst method in terms of semantic relevance is the TempCorr method  , which ignores semantics altogether. Figure 3is similar to Figure 2  , but compare the percent of relevant tweets with the volume of newly discovered content . The results of the rating question on relevance suggested that users believed the returned sets were not always semantically relevant. However  , the browsing tool simply required users to think about what might be the main colour and then look in that colour square. Kacimi and Gamper propose a different opinion diversification framework for controversial queries 17  , 18 : three criteria are considered for diversification: topical relevance  , semantic diversification  , and sentiment diversification. The relevance of a query and a document is computed as the cosine similarity between their vectors in the semantic space. The Maximum Entropy approach allows for the use of a large amount of descriptors without the need to specify their relevance for training a specific semantic concept. After extracting the semantic features  , we need to represent those features in a proper format so that it is convenient to calculate the relevance between tweets and profiles. A query usually provides only a very restricted means to represent the user's intention. Recently  , millions of tagged images are available online in social community. In this paper  , to tackle this problem  , we explore the latent semantic relevance among tags from text and visual perspectives. For instance  , the top 20 retrieved documents have a mean relevance value of 4.2 upon 5  , versus 2.7 in the keyword search. The relevance value of a document with respect to " pimo:Person " is dynamically measured as the aggregated relevance value of that document with respect to all instances of the concept " pimo:Person " in the PIMO ontology. Specifically  , a sentence consisting of a mentioned location set and a term set is rated in terms of the geographic relevance to location and the semantic relevance to tag   , as   , where Then  , given a representative tag   , we generate its corresponding snippets by ranking all the sentences in the travelogue collection according to the query " " . The content layer is at the bottom  , since the similarity calculated based on low-level features does not have any well-defined mapping with object relevance perceived at semantic level. Therefore  , it is important to locate interesting and meaningful relations and to rank them before presenting them to the user. To prove the applicability of our technique  , we developed a system for aggregating and retrieving online newspaper articles and broadcast news stories. The rest of the section elaborates on these measures and how they are used to rank ρ-path associations. However  , it does not carry out semantic annotation of documents  , which is the problem addressed here. The adjacent semantic link panel lists links to more content that is of relevance to what is displayed in the content panel. These findings suggest that the criteria in the Hybrid method Equation 7 improves both temporal similarity and semantic relevance. It uses a non-logic based textual similarity to discover services. Cross-media relevance between an unlabeled image and a test label is computed by cosine similarity between their embedding vectors. Theobald and Weikum 24  describe a query language for XML that supports approximate matches with relevance ranking based on ontologies and semantic similarity. On the other hand  , the relevance graph shows that here the semantic search gives high ranks to the relevant documents. Our approach utilizes categorized pictogram interpretations together with the semantic relevance measure to retrieve and rank relevant pictograms for a given interpretation . First we create original intent hierarchies OIH by manually grouping the official intents based on their semantic similarity or relatedness. Incorporating this additional semantic fact could have helped to improve the relevance of retrieved results. Regarding the amount of relevance of each term to the each section  , its importance for the document is evaluated. It also takes into account the beliefs associated to these propositions; the higher their beliefs  , the higher the relevance. However  , almost all of them ignore one important factor for resource selection  , i.e. Thus users clicked on blue and were presented with predominantly blue images  , we believe that this meant that the users were evaluating the relevance of the return more on the colour than the semantic relevance. An analogous approach has been used in the past to evaluate similarity search  , but relying on only the hierarchical ODP structure as a proxy for semantic similarity 7  , 16. The method is based on: i a semantic relevance function acting as a kernel to discover the semantic affinities of heterogeneous information items  , and ii an asymmetric vector projection model on which semantic dependency graphs among information items are built and representative elements of these graphs can be selected. In our experiment we manipulated four independent variables: image size small  , medium  , large  , relevance level relevant  , not relevant  , topic difficulty easy  , medium  , difficult  , very difficult and topic visuality visual  , medium  , semantic. Latent semantic models based on the latent space matching approach learn vector representations for queries and documents  , such that the distance between a query vector vQ and a document vector vD reflects the degree of relevance of the document D to the query Q. There is already a very significant body of work around entailment for the Semantic Web 10  , based on description logics providing an underlying formal semantics for the various flavours of OWL. One major question concerns the practical applicability of these different matchmakers in general  , not restricted to some given domain-specific and/or very small-sized scenario  , by means of their retrieval performance over a given initial test collection  , SAWSDL-TC1  , that consists of more than 900 SAWSDL services from different application domains. Some insights from measurement theory in Mathematical Psychology were briefly covered to illustrate how inappropriate correspondence between symbol and referent can result in logically valid but meaningless inference. A large number of bytes changed might result from a page creator who restructures the spacing of a page's source encoding while maintaining the same content from a semantic and rhetorical point of view. Hence  , the scatter plot can show  , among others  , documents referring to both the topic " Semantic Desktop " and one or more persons who are of specific interest to the users documents plotted above both axes. To summarize the representative aspects of a destination  , we first generate a few representative tags  , and then identify related snippets for each tag to further describe and interpret the relation between the tag and the destination. Almost all these existing methods are devoted to propose various measures to estimate the relevance score between query and sources and this kind of relevance is very closely related with the semantic content of query and results. A serious consequence of such an overly simplified assumption of a document's relevance quality to a given query is that the model's generalization capability is limited: one has to collect a large number of such query-document pairs to obtain a confident estimate of relevance. For instance  , it was agreed to that a hyponym of campaign  , such as Marlboro Ranch a name of a specific marketing campaign should be considered  , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance  , whereas the non-specific hypernym campaign should not be considered   , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance. Term frequency was developed by their domain experts in order to establish the relevance of different MetaMap semantic types and articles that displayed high frequency of relevant terms were ranked higher among articles that had lower frequencies. Then  , we present a fully unsupervised framework that implements all the functionalities provided by the general method. The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α. The heterogeneous nature of the data and our approach to constructing semantic links between documents are what differentiate our work from traditional cluster-based retrieval. Our models assume that the questions in the dataset can be grouped into K distinct clusters and that each cluster has a distinct relevance prediction model as well. Finally  , we allow users to optionally specify some keywords that capture relevance and results which contain semantic matches are ranked highest. The goal would be to efficiently obtain a measure of the semantic distance between two versions of a document. Contextual expansion methodologies i.e. This highlights the need to find a better similarity measure based on the semantic similarity rather than just textual overlap. We formulate a combination of the new semantic change measure and the relevance prediction from the enhanced classifier to produce a normalized quantifiable intention strength measure ranging from -1.0 to 1.0 past to current intention  , respectively. Existing measures of indexing consistency are flawed because they ignore semantic relations between the terms that different indexers assign. How to measure the similarity of events or road condition ? Only part 1 of the questionnaire was utilized  , which is composed of six semantic differentials mental demand  , physical demand  , temporal demand  , performance  , effort and frustration  , all rated between 0 and 100. The general trend for most of the categories is that demand increases as size of document increases  , the exception being perceived performance where the values decrease as document size increases. We have proposed a method named the Relevance-based Superimposition RS model to solve the semantic ambiguity problem in information retrieval. This is approached by embedding both the image and the novel labels into a common semantic space such that their relevance can be estimated in terms of the distance between the corresponding vectors in the space. The page-level results of semantic prediction are inevitably not accurate enough  , due to the inter-site variations and weak features used to characterize vertical knowledge. A final problem of particular relevance to the database community is the manifest inability of NLIs to insure semantic correctness of user queries and operations. This issue is typically resolved by acknowledging these assessor differences and simply accepting the opinion of a single assessor. Image relevance was also considered to be a factor for this experiment. We validated this principle in a quite different context involving combination of the topical and the semantic dimensions 29. Digital items of this type represent cohesive semantic units that may be substantial in size  , requiring extensive effort to assess for relevance. As the value nears zero  , the pictogram becomes less relevant; hence  , a cutoff point is needed to discard the less relevant pictograms. The aim of this work is to provide developers and end users with a semantic search engine for open source software. It has also become clear that in order to arrive to an executable benchmark  , we needed to exclude significant parts of a semantic search system. The result of this step is a list of terms  , where each term is assigned with a single Wikipedia article that describes its meaning. Unfortunately  , there is not an easily computed metric that provides a direct correlation between syntactic and semantic changes in a Web page For instance  , there is no clear relationship between the number of bytes changed and the relevance of the change to the reader. To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. The possible worlds semantics  , originally put forward by Kripke for modal logics  , is commonly used for representing knowledge with uncertainties. As part of the CLEF 2006 effort  , which shared the same set of topics as used in CLEF 2007  , the topics were categorised into a number of different categories  , including: easy/hard  , semantic/visual  , and geographic/general 5. The RSVP user interface is primarily designed for relevance assessment of video shots  , which are presented in a rapid but controllable sequence. Discovered semantic concepts are printed using bold font. To do this  , we first cluster a large tweet corpus Tweets2011 and then calculate a trigonal area for each triplet ⟨query  , tweet  , cluster⟩ in a Figure 1: Overall system architecture latent semantic space. Therefore  , by modeling both types of dependencies we see an additive effect  , rather than an absorbing effect. The evaluation results on ad hoc task show that entities can indeed bring further improvements on the performance of Web document retrieval when combined with axiomatic retrieval model with semantic expansion  , one of the state-ofthe-art methods. We utilized a similar methodology in SCDA. Later in 2  , polynomial semantic indexing PSI is performed by learning two low-rank mapping matrices in a learning to rank framework  , and then a polynomial model is considered to measure the relevance between query and document. Although presented as a ranking problem  , they use binary classification to rank the related concepts. Also  , our approach to target detection can be naturally applied to many real-world problems such as word sense disambiguations as well as semantic query suggestion with Wikipedia. Euclidean distance only considers the data similarity  , but manifold distance tries to capture the semantic relevance by the underlying structure of the data set. As Gupta et al 10 comment the most successful systems are those which an organizing structure has been imposed on the data to give it semantic relevance. In this paper we proposed a novel way of matching advertisements to web pages that rely on a topical semantic match as a major component of the relevance score. Current proposals for XML query languages lack most IR-related features  , which are weighting and ranking  , relevance-oriented search  , datatypes with vague predicates  , and semantic relativism. We have presented the new query language XIRQL which integrates all these features  , and we have described the concepts that are necessary in order to arrive at a consistent model for XML retrieval. Changes on a topic's representation involve the introduction of event-dependent features  , which bring along ambiguous semantic relevance to the topic. Therefore  , such methods are not appropriate to be applied on feature sets generated from LOD. Thus  , in this section  , we briefly review the literature and compare our approach with related literature. To retrieve better intention-conveying pictograms using a word query  , we proposed a semantic relevance measure which utilizes interpretation words and frequencies collected from a web survey. Six different images were shown to the participant for each topic  , the images varied for each combination of size and relevance  , for that topic. Table 6 provides a matrix of the changes in relevance labels for the documents returned in the top position for each query Next  , we take a closer look at the changes brought about by the inclusion of metafeatures in the combination of latent semantic models. Despite this  , our model could be applied in alternative scenarios where the relevance of an object to a query can be evaluated. Questions and candidate snippets are analyzed by our information extraction pipeline 13   , which extracts entity mentions  , performs within-document and cross-document coreference  , detects relations between entity mentions  , compute parse trees  , and assigns semantic roles to constituents of the parse tree. The features used for relevance prediction are an extension of those used in the 28. We pursue an approach that is based on a modulative relevance model SemRank  , that can easily using a sliding bar be modulated or adjusted via the query interface. Different from the convention of storing the index of each object with itself  , the LGM stores the knowledge as the links between media objects. The significance of the new context-based approach lies in the greatly improved relevance of search results. Then  , the ESA semantic interpreter will go through each text word  , retrieve corresponding entries in the inverted index  , and merge them into a vector of concepts that is ordered by their relevance to the input text. Our method does not require supervised relevance judgments and is able to learn from raw textual evidence and document-candidate associations alone. In the next step  , we would like to analyze the effect of usercontributed annotations and semantic linkage on the effectiveness of the map retrieval system. Measuring semantic quantities of information requires innovation on the theory  , better clarification of the relationship between information and entropy  , and justification of this relationship. Finally  , we reiterated the importance of choosing expansion terms that model relevance  , rather than the relevant documents and showed how LCE captures both syntactic and query-side semantic dependencies. For example  , the presence of the term " neurologist " is unlikely to convey the same impact to a document's relevance as the presence of " astrocytosis. " In this representation  , the relevance of a tweet to a given query is represented via each topically formed cluster. Finally  , an average relevance score over a set of empirical threshold values triggered a tweet to be sent to the matching user for Task A within a few seconds after the tweet was originally created. They divide the abstract in two parts: the first  , static part showing statements related to the main topic of the document  , and weighted by the importance of the predicate of the triple  , while the second  , dynamic part shows statements ranked by their relevance to the query. In contrast  , the definition of similarity in duplicate detection in early database research 1312 is very conservative  , which is mainly to find syntactically " almost-identical " documents. Based on the assumption that users prefer those tweets related to the profile and popular in social media  , we consider social attributes as follow  ,  Then  , the semantic score and quality score are utilized to evaluate the relevance and quality of a tweet for a certain profile. As such they had to construct a strong notion of the form and content of a relevant image  , which one might call their semantic relevance. The challenge for CBIR systems therefore is to provide mechanisms for structuring browsing in ways that rely upon the visual characteristics of images. The ranking score can be viewed as a metric of the manifold distance which is more meaningful to measure the semantic relevance. For example  , the first retrieved image in the first case is the 34th image retrieved by Euclidean distance. We can use machine translation to translate contexts and citations and get two views Chinese-Chinese  , For monolingual context and citations Chinese-Chinese or English-English  , we adopt Supervised Semantic Index SSI 19 to model their relevance score. The semantic association between the nodes is used to compute the edge weights query-independent while the relevance of a node to the query is used to define the node weight query- dependent. We then proposed different aspects for characterizing reference quality  , including context coherence  , selection clarity  , and reference relevance with respect to the selection and the context. Given a semantic user query regarding the relevance of the extracted triples consisting of basic graph patterns and implemented as SPARQL query; a query expressed in natural language might be: " Retrieve all acquisitions of companies in the smartphone domain. " Another possibility to measure the relevance of the covered terms may be reflected by using independent semantic techniques. The Cranfield paradigm of retrieval evaluation is based on a test collection consisting of three components: a set of documents  , a set of information need statements called topics  , and a set of relevance judgments. The relevance is then computed based on the similarity between two bags of concepts. In the digital age  , the value of images depends on how easily they can be located  , searched for relevance  , and retrieved. The physician is interested in the immediate finding of articles where relevance is defined by the semantic similarity to some kind of prototype abstract delivered by the specialist. We define pictogram categories by appropriating first level categories defined in the Concept Dictionary of EDR Electronic Dictionary6. Our Foursquare dataset consisted of all checkins from 2011 and 2012 except December 2012 aggregated in 20 minutes bins by category and urban area. As mentioned before  , our semantic topic compass framework relies on incorporating the semantics of words into the feature space of the studied topic  , aiming at characterising the relevance and ambiguity of the these features. Hence  , this step extracts first the latent semantics of words under a topic  , and then incorporates these semantics into the topic's feature space. In summary  , the key contributions of this paper are as follows: 1 We present a novel image search system to enable users to search images with the requirement on the spatial distribution of semantic concepts. In other words  , it would never be computationally possible to apply a semantic relevance check to millions of components. Another advantage of the model is that we can use this model to capture the 'semantic'/hidden relevance between the query and the target objects. The richness of the SemRank relevance model stems from the fact that it uses a blend of semantic and information theoretic techniques along with heuristics to determine the rank of In this way  , a user can easily vary their search mode from a Conventional search mode to a Discovery search mode based on their need. Of special relevance to the fulfillment of the Semantic Web vision is automating KA from text and image resources. Automated KA systems take as input multimedia documents originally intended for human consumption only and provide as output knowledge that machines can reason about. The goal in IR is to determine  , for a given user query  , the relevant documents in a text collection  , ranking them according to their relevance degree for the query. A well equipped and powerful system should be able to compare the content of the abstracts regarding their semantics  , i.e. We argued in 14 that annotating medical images with information available from LODD can eventually improve their search and navigation through additional semantic links. Although our preliminary results address the sensibility of the measures  , a detailed investigation using several document corpora is still needed to reflect different topics and sizes. So we can proceed from the assumption that visualizing search results taking semantic information into account has a positive effect on the efficiency when assessing search result relevance. Semantic information for music can be obtained from a variety of sources 32. The major shortcoming of treating a web page as a single semantic unit is that it does not consider multiple topics in a page. We categorize links suggested by our system into four categories: C1  , correct links; C2  , missing interlayer concept; C3  , one-step errors  , suggest two sibling concepts or reverse the relation; C4  , incorrect relation. The score is treated as a distance metric defined on the manifold   , which is more meaningful to capturing the semantic relevance degree. Their model favors documents most different in sentiment direction and in the arguments they discuss. The learned function f maps each text-image pair to a ranking score based on their semantic relevance. The task is to estimate the relevance of the image and the query for each test query-image pair  , and then for each query  , we order the images based on the prediction scores returned by our trained ranking model. In this paper  , we proposed a topic segmentation method which allows us to extract semantic blocks from Web pages using visual criteria and content presentation HTML tags. Moreover  , we need an approach that can be generalized to represent the queries and documents that have never been observed in the search logs. In many IR tasks document similarity refers to semantic " relevance " among documents  , which are could be syntactically very different but still relevant. The third contribution is analyzing the progression of intention through time. Specifically we utilize the so-called " supervised semantic indexing " SSI approach 9. 7'he relevance of a document takes the maximal value among the correspondence measures evaluated between itk component semantic expressions and the query. However  , semantic similarity neither implies nor is implied by structural similarity. The subject is then required to give the relevance judgements on the results returned for the best query he/she chooses for the simple combination method. Web mash-ups have explored the potential for combining information from multiple sources on the web. In that case  , the complexity of the problem can be analyzed along the number of semantic paths retrieved Similar heuristics to those discussed in the first approach that use context to prune paths based on degree of relevance can also be used here. This approach has the advantage of not requiring any hand-coding but has the disadvantage of being very sensitive to the representational choices made by the source on the Semantic Web. Digital libraries technologies such as those related to information organization and retrieval deal with issues of semantics and relevance  , beyond pure engineering problems. However  , the configuration and tuning of the NLP-based passage trimming is complex  , and will require much further work to determine which UMLS semantic types are most informative about sentence relevance for each entity type. Second problem is that the model is more aggressive towards relevance due to the bias in the training dataset extracted from Mechanical Turk 80% Relevant class and 20% Non- Relevant. Indeed  , while the contribution of stop-words  , such as determiners and modals  , can be largely ignored  , unmatched named entities are strong indicators of semantic differences between the query and the document. The basic assumption of a cognitive basis for a semantic distance effect over thesaurus terms has been investigated by Brooks 8  , in a series of experiments exploring the relevance relationships between bibliographic records and topical subject descriptors. In the Chevy Tahoe example above  , the classifier would establish that the page is about cars/automotive and only those ads will be considered. In the end  , 30 identifiers 9.6% reached the ultimate goal and were identified as a semantic concept on Wikidata. The necessary probability values for sim Resnik and sim Lin have been calculated based on SAWSDL-TC  , i.e. To improve performance   , we automatically thin out our disambiguation graph by removing 25 % of those edges  , whose source and target entities have the lowest semantic similarity. For example the word Bataclan  , referring to the Bataclan Theatre in Paris is commonly related to Entertainment  , however during the November 2015 terrorist attacks in France it became relevant to the Topic Violence. Standard feature selection methods tend to select the features that have the highest relevance score without exploiting the semantic relations between the features in the feature space. From each mention  , a set of semantic terms is extracted  , and the number of mentions a term derives from can be used to quantify its relevance for a document. We define semantic relevance of a pictogram to be the measure of relevancy between a word query and interpretation words of a pictogram. Selecting a set of words relevant to the query would reduce the effect of less-relevant interpretation words affecting the calculation. Intuitively  , we can simply use cosine similarity to calculate the distance between W l and Ws. Our approach to structured retrieval for QA works by encoding this linguistic and semantic content as annotations on text  , and by using a retrieval model that directly supports constraint-checking and ranking with respect to document structure and annotations in addition to keywords. In this section we propose a method to make use of this information by encoding it into a feature weighting strategy that can be used to weight features in a tweet collection to address a topic classification task. Based on the axioms and corollaries above  , given a news web page  , we can first detect all its TLBIOs  , merge them to derive possible news areas  , and then verify each TLBIO based on their position  , format  , and semantic relevance to the news areas to detect all the news TLBIOs. In case neither approach detects the Web answer in the corpus  , we simply browse through the paragraphs returned by the Indri IR system in the order of their relevance and select the first hit as the supporting document. This paper presents an approach to retrieval for Question Answering that directly supports indexing and retrieval on the kind of linguistic and semantic constraints that a QA system needs to determine relevance of a retrieved document to a particular natural language input question. The proposed measure takes into account the probability and similarity in a set of pictogram interpretation words  , and to enhance retrieval performance   , pictogram interpretations were categorized into five pictogram categories using the Concept Dictionary in EDR Electronic Dictionary. In the " cooking recipe " case  , the performances cannot be improved even using page content  , since all the considered sites are effectively on the topic " cooking recipes "   , and then there is a semantic reason because such sites are connected . Although Codd advised the community to include an accurate paraphraseand-verify step 4  , it seems that developed systems seldom take this requirement seriously and instead simply translate the user's query to SQL  , applied it and then presented the answers  , perhaps along with the SQL. We remove proper nouns because we observed that if a particular proper noun occurs in a news article and a reader comment frequently  , then the cosine similarity score will be high  , but the actual content of the comment and the news article might not be similar. We would extract those facts as a whole  , noting that they might appear more than once in the abstract  , and then take both fact and term frequency into consideration when ranking the abstracts for relevance. For simplicity  , we only discuss CLIR modeling in this section. In addition to increased click through rate CTR due to increased relevance  , a significant but harder to quantify benefit of the semantic-syntactic matching is that the resulting page has a unified feel and improves the user experience. Both entailment and designation have relevance for the Semantic Web: entailment relating to what can be concluded from what is already known  , and designation relates to establishing the connection between symbols in a formal system and what they represent. To capture how likely item t is to be an instance of a semantic class  , we use features extracted from candidate lists. The system estimates the semantic relevance between a comment and a news article by measuring the cosine similarity between the original news article and reader comment  , after all proper nouns have been removed from both. Since Atomate uses a rule based system at its core  , emerging Semantic Web work pertaining to rule languages such as SWRL and RuleML  , and efficient chainers for these languages are currently of great relevance and interest to us well. Second  , the L p -norm distance form of the above model reflects the coverage of keywords  , and p ≥ 1 controls the strength of ANDsemantics among keywords. A vector model solely based on word similarities will fail to find the high relevance between the above two context vectors  , while our context distance model does capture such relatedness. On the other hand semantic types such as  , " disease and syndrome "   , "sign or symptoms"  , "body part" were assigned the highest possible weight  , as they would be very critical is determining the relevance of a biomedical article. Defining representative content has to focus on the technical side of the objects and cover the difference in structural expression of the content  , not the variety of the semantic content that the objects represent such as different motives shown in digital photographs. Besides using statistical features such as term frequency  , proximity and relative position to the question key words  , our methods also include syntactic information derived through parsing  , and semantic features like word senses  , POS tagging and keyword expansion etc. The main challenge for diversifying the results of keyword queries over RDF graphs  , is how to take into consideration the semantics and the structured nature of RDF when defining the relevance of the results to the query and the dissimilarity among results. As an alternative or auxiliary to directly aligning between standards and curricular resources on the one hand  , and trying to infer relevance from the structural and semantic similarity of standards across standard sets on the other  , the feasibility of standard crosswalking – that is  , inferring alignment in one set of standards based on alignments in another – has been explored; e.g. 5 Hyponymy is the semantic relation in which the extension of a word is subsumed in the extension of another word e.g. In order to implement this principle  , we would first parse the abstract to identify complete facts: the right semantic terms plus the right relationship among them  , as specified in the query topic. At the core  , most of these approaches can be viewed as computing a similarity score Sima ,p between a vector of features characterizing the ad a and a vector of features characterizing the page p. For the ad a such features could include the bid phrase  , the title words usually displayed in a bold font in the presentation  , synonyms of these words  , the displayed abstract  , the target URL  , the target web site  , the semantic category  , etc. However   , when compared to query centric retrieval  , this makes for a substantial difference at retrieval time: while query centric retrieval requires a relevance judgment for all types of images in the relevant class from a single example  , database centric retrieval only requires a similarity judgment for one image the query from the probability distribution of the entire class. In the early days of the Web the lack of navigation plainness was considered as the navigation problem: users can get lost in a hyperspace and this means that  , when users follow a sequence of links  , they tend to become disoriented in terms of the goal of their original query and in terms of the relevance to their query of the information they are currently browsing 3. It is probable  , however  , that this problem cannot be solved without performing time-consuming experimental rese~irch aimed at defining the influence on the size of retrieval system atoms of the variation of frequency of occurrence of index terms  , of the co-occurrence of index terms  , of the variation of the frequency of co-occurrence of index terms  , of the existence of semantic relations  , etc. The latter three variables were based on the topic classifications defined in the ImageCLEF 2007 4  , 5 and allow us to investigate how the Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Users are also likely to want support for data types and 'semantic relativism': the former would  , for example  , enable searches for documents where //publicationDate is later than August 17  , 1982; the latter would allow markup as diverse as <doc publicationDate='October 27  , 1983'>.. and <publicationDate>October 27  , 1983</publicationDate> to match such a query. While other ontology-based IR approaches typically builds only on terminological knowledge e.g. An alternative strategy to cope with the problem is the approach based on statistical translation 2: A query term can be a translation of any word in a document which may be different from  , but semantically related to the query term; and the relevance of a document given a query is assumed proportional to the translation probability from the document to the query. While some projects have attempted to derive the semantic relevance of discrete search results  , at least sufficiently to be able to group them into derived categories after the fact 27  , the unstructured nature of the Web makes exploring relationships among pages  , or the information components within pages  , difficult to determine. In step 1  , we identify concept labels that are semantically similar by using a similarity measure based on the frequency of term co-occurence in a large corpus the web combined with a semantic distance based on WordNet without relying on string matching techniques 10. In routing  , the system uses a query and a list of documents that have been identified as relevant or not relevant to construct a classification rule that ranks unlabeled documents according to their likelihood of relevance. Results indicate  , not surprisingly perhaps  , that standard crosswalking can be successful if different standard-issuing agencies base their standard writing on a common source and/or a Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. In order to compare to DBSCAN  , we only use the number of points here since DBSCAN can only cluster points according to their spatial location. Moreover  , DBSCAN requires a human participant to determine the global parameter Eps. DBSCAN parameters were set to match the expected point density of the bucket surface. Basically  , DBSCAN is based on notion of density reachability. DBSCAN must set Eps large enough to detect some clusters. proposed the Incremental-DBSCAN in 2. introduced an incremental version of DBSCAN 10. DBSCAN makes use of an R* tree to achieve good performance. The authors illustrate that DBSCAN can be used to detect clusters of any shape and can outperform CLARANS by a large margin up to several orders of magnitude. In DBSCAN a cluster is defined as a set of densely-connected points controlled by  which maximize density-reachability and must contain at least M inP ts points. Since a cluster in DBSCAN contains at least one core object  , MinP ts also defines the minimum number of objects in a cluster. DBSCAN has two parameters: Eps and MinPts. K to approximate the result of DBSCAN. The value that results in the best performance is shown in the graphs for DBSCAN. It uses R*-tree to achieve better performance. The consolidated stoppage points are subsequently clustered using a modified DBSCAN technique to get the identified truck stops. Clusters are then formed based on these concepts. 14  recently analyze places and events in a collection of geotagged photos using DBSCAN. DBSCAN expands a cluster C as follows. On the flip side  , DBSCAN can be quite sensitive to the values of eps and MinPts  , and choosing correct values for these parameters is not that easy. We define the speed-upfuctor as the ratio of the cost of DBSCAN applied to the database after all insertions and deletions and the cost of m calls of IncrementalDBSCAN once for each of the insertions resp. Applied to the gene expression data  , DBSCAN found 6 relatively large clusters where the fraction of genes with functional relationships was rather small. We estimate that DBSCAN also runs roughly 15 times faster and show the estimated running time of DBSCAN in the following table as a function of point set cardinality. In this paper  , we assumed that the parameter values Eps and MinPts of DBSCAN do not change significantly when inserting and deleting objects. The figures depict the resulting clusters found by DBSCAN for two different values for and a fixed value for M inP ts; noise objects in these figures are shown as circles. However  , it requires the setting of two parameters: DBSCAN does not require the definition a-priori of the number of clusters to extract. The results and evaluations are reported in Section 5. Now  , we can calculate the speed-up factor of IncrementalDBSCAN versus DBSCAN. First  , our proposal performs consistently better than the best DBScan results obtained with cmin = 3. In DBSCAN  , the density concept is introduced by the notations: Directly density-reachable  , Density-reachable  , and Densityconnected . However  , because objects are organized into lineal formations  , the larger Eps is  , the larger void pad is. Each cluster is a maximum set of density-connected points. We implemented PreDeCon as well as the three comparative methods DBSCAN  , PROCLUS  , and DOC in JAVA. CHAMELEON requires the setting of the number of clusters to he sought  , which is generally not known. We can see that DBSCAN is 2-3 times slower than both SPARCL and Chameleon on smaller datasets. Eps and MinPts " in the following whenever it is clear from the context. In the case of DBSCAN the index finds the correct number of clusters that is three. Comparison with DBSCAN. Concluding remarks are offered in Section 4. DBSCAN proved very sensitive to the parameter settings. The resulting point cloud is a smooth continuous surface with all outliers removed. Scalability experiments were performed on 3d datasets as well. The tripwise LTD file records are indexes of consolidated stoppages made during trips. The DBSCAN technique was modified with KD-trees to reduce the computational complexity. The local clusters are represented by special objects that have the best representative power. Note that the definition of " Noise " is equivalent to DBSCAN. 1 who propose a hierarchical version of DBSCAN called OPTICS. Figure 1show an example where no global density threshold exists that can separate all three natural clusters  , and consequently  , DBSCAN cannot find the intrinsic cluster structure of the dataset. Table 2. shows an example of records that could be mistakenly clustered together by DBSCAN without an integrity check. However  , there may be applications where this assumption does not hold  , i.e. These outliers were removed using DBSCAN to identify low density noise. Of course  , in this example DBSCAN itself could have found the two clusters. DBSCAN successfully identifies different types of patterns of user-system interaction that can be interpreted in light of how users interact with WorldCat. k since for each core point there are at least MinPts points excluding itself within distance Eps. Streemer on the other hand first finds candidate clusters and then only merges them if the resulting cluster is highly cohesive. A region query returns all objects intersecting a specified query region. An object o is directly density reachable from another object o if it is not farther away than a given density radius ε and o is surrounded more than θ objects. The distribution of these points is shown in Fig 9. DBSCAN is used to cluster the entire data set. For OP- TICS  , M inP ts is set to a fixed value so that density-based clusters of different densities are characterized by different values for . Then  , DBSCAN visits the next object of the database D. The retrieval of density-reachable objects is performed by successive region queries.  We complement our quantitative evaluation with a qualitative one Section 5. But in high-dimensional spaces the parameter ε specifying the density threshold must be chosen very large  , because a lot of dimensions contribute to the distance values. So MinP ts must be large enough to distinguish noise and clusters. In our application of DBSCAN  , all the terms in documents were tokenized  , stemmed using Porter stemmer  , and stopwords were removed. Distance between documents was computed as 1 -cosine similarity. Advantages of these schemes include the ability to segment non convex shapes  , identify noise  , and automatically estimate the number of partitions in a data set. In Section 4 we introduce DBSCAN with constraints and extend it to run in online fashion. To find a cluster  , DBSCAN starts with an arbitrary object p in D and retrieves all objects of D density-reachable from p with respect to Eps and MinPfs. In this example  , P-DBSCAN forms better clusters since it takes local density into account. For each run of DBSCAN on the biological data sets  , we chose the parameters according to 5 using a k-nn-distance graph. The main advantages of DBSCAN are that it does not require the number of desired clusters as an input  , and it explicitly identifies outliers. However  , even for these small datasets  , the spectral approach ran out of memory. Table 1 summarizes the clusters and shows mean values for the original features  , as well as stability scores. In relation to DBSCAN unstable clusters represent data points that should either have formed part of another cluster or should have been classified as noise. Aside from being easy to implement and having an agreeable time complexity  , DBSCAN has many relevant advantages including its capacity to form arbitrarily shaped clusters and to automatically detect outliers. DBSCAN's ability to distinguish between points of varying density is limited while SNN can identify uniformly low density clusters by analysing the shared nearest neighbours between points. Knowledge of previous objects can be maintained for short durations if temporally occluded or when an object is missed due to the number of matched key-points dropping below the minP ts threshold required by DBSCAN. Streemer also requires similar parameters  , but we found that it is not sensitive to them. Obviously  , the larger void pad is  , the more chance to include noise data into a cluster  , which can cause chain affection   , and hence lower quality of density. DBSCAN is a typical density-based method which connects regions with sufficiently high density into clusters. As we can see SPARCL also perfectly identifies the shape-based clusters in these datasets. In this section we present the empirical results of SSDB- SCAN and compare it with DBSCAN and HISSCLU. According to the density-based definition  , a cluster consists of the minimum number of points MinPts to eliminate very small clusters as noise; and for every point in the cluster  , there exists another point in the same cluster whose distance is less than the distance threshold Eps points are densely located. From results presented in Section 4  , the indications are that the most unstable clusters clusters 8  , 9 and 10 should probably have formed part of other more stable clusters. One possible reason for this could be the fact that the parameter of DBSCAN is a global parameter and cannot be adjusted per-cluster. Points with fewer than minP ts in their ǫ neighbourhood are considered as noise within the DBSCAN framework  , unless on the boundary of a dense cluster. This classifier is initialised with the initial clusters found in the first pair of frames and then incrementally updated there after. In a data warehouse  , however  , the databases may have frequent updates and thus may be rather dynamic. The night sky is one example; as the magnification level is adjusted  , one will identify different groupings or clusters. Figure 2illustrates results of FIRES in comparison to SUBCLU  , and CLIQUE applied on a synthetic dataset containing three clusters of significantly varaying dimensionality and density. Parameter values of = 0.4 and M inP ts = 200 were chosen through empirical investigation. Previous work in person name disambiguation can be generally be categorized as either supervised or unsupervised approaches. For instance  , Deng  , Chuang  , and Lemmens  , 2009 use DBSCAN to cluster Flickr photos   , and they exploit tag co-occurrence to characterize the discovered clusters. Additionally  , if we were to pick the minimum-cost solution out of multiple trials for the local search methods  , the differences in the performance between BBC-Press vs. DBSCAN and Single Link becomes even more substantial  , e.g. We made similar observations when we applied DB- SCAN to the metabolome data: the computed clusters contained newborns with all sorts of class labels. Finally  , the notion of the representative trajectory of a cluster is provided. The problem of finding global density parameters has also been observed by Ankerst et al. DBSCAN produced a group of 10 clusters from the log data with around 20% classified as 'noise' – points too far away from any of the produced clusters to be considered for inclusion and discarded from further analyses. However   , before drawing inferences from the resulting clusters it is essential to validate the results to reduce the possibility that the clusters were identified by chance and do not actually reflect differences in the underlying data. Furthermore  , our work combines a streaming DBSCAN method along with constraints requirements that are not only at the instance level  , but also at the cluster level. As a result  , the result of STING approaches that of DBSCAN when the granularity approaches zero. Such queries are supported efficiently by spatial access methods such as R*trees BKSS 903 for data from a vector space or M-trees 4 IncrementalDBSCAN DBSCAN  , as introduced in EKSX 961  , is applied to a static database. The performance difference between our method BBC-Press and the other three methods is quite significant on all the five datasets  , given the small error bars. Density-based techniques like DBSCAN 4  , OPTICS 2 consider the density around each point to demarcate boundaries and identify the core cluster points. We apply DBSCAN to generate the baseclusters using a parameter setting as suggested in 8 and as refinement method with paramter settings for ε and minpts as proposed in Section 3.4. In our experiments  , it only requires 3 minutes to deal with one-day user logs of 150 ,000 queries. With respect to RQ2 cluster stability scores can be used help determine the optimum number of clusters and evaluate the " goodness " of the resulting clusters 7. When setting the speed-up factor to 1.0  , we obtain the number of updates denoted by MaxUpdates up to which the multiple application of IncrementalDBSCAN for each update is more efficient than the single application of DBSCAN to the whole updated database. For DBSCAN we do not show the results for DS4 and Swiss-roll since it returned only one cluster  , even when we played with different parameter set- tings. Since there are a lot of noise data  , DBSCAN with larger Eps is likely to include those noise data and cause chain affection  , forming serval larger clusters instead of small individual clusters. We also observed that the relative performance between U-AHC and F OPTICS  , and between F DBSCAN and U-AHC did not substantially vary with the dataset. Figure 10depicts the values of MaxUpdates depending on n for fde values of up to 0.5 which is the maximum value to be expected in most real applications. The controlled system's transfer function under perturbation becomes: The plant transfer function P z is . Figure 15shows the frequency response of the transfer function. This transfer function was then used to design the zero phase error tracking controller. Spector and Flashner 9 analysed the zeros of a pinned-free beam transfer function for both collocated and noncollocated systems. The controller transfer function is C The plant transfer function Pz is α z   , therefore it becomes P mod z = ˜ α·∆α z . 10 can expressed by In particular  , if sl is equal to one  , then this equation becomes the following transfer function: The transfer function of the model in eq. The experimentally determined transfer function is 6. However  , the transfer function for figure 9.b is The transfer function for figure 9.a is identical to equation 2  , with the same bandwidth. shows that  , in the limit  , the relative degree of the transfer function is ill-defined. The transfer function matrix Gi is expressed as follows; We design the transfer function matrix G; similar to the case of previous section. Hence  , we break the transfer function between intensity values and optical properties into two parts: i classification function  , and ii transfer function from tissue to optical properties. Eppstein 13  showed that  , for general part feeders with non-monotonic transfer functions  , finding a shortest plan is NP-complete. 9shows the concept ofthe inverse transfer function compensation. This objective is well-suited to the general XFl ,problem. The input corresponds to the deno~nznator of the transfer function  , and hence  , position units are introduced into the transfer function by multiplying the denominator term by L. Scaling the controller output corresponds to scaling the numerator of the nondimensional controller transfer function The relationship between the nondimensional and dimensional control torques is H  t  = Q21hHndRt. The parameters used to plot this transfer function were the same as those in Figure 3 driving frequency. Once a transfer function is shown to be passive  , the system can be stabilized easily using the following theorem. Therefore  , the frequency domain transfer function between actuator position and force is: Figure 5 shows the magnitude and phase relationship between actuator position and actuator force based on the given transfer function. Figure 12shows the experimental system used for velocity response experiment. The index is dependent on the transfer function. The transfer function of the charge amplifier is identified by monitoring its output in step response. Indeed we know that a positive transfer function is typical of a spring  , while a negative transfer function is indicative of a mass. At low frequency  , this transfer function is equal to unity  , and in the limit as frequency goes to infinity the transfer function goes to zero. These functions parameterize the set of different trajectories based on covariances of initial beliefs. If the relative degree of the transfer function is not well-defined  , the performance of a controller designed using this model can be affected. So  , it is obvious that there is agreement between the transfer function approach and the analytic optimization solution. We are focusing on driving frequencies significantly less than the servo valve bandwidth. Opposite of the closed loop forward transfer function   , the impedance at low frequency is equal to zero. From the PI transfer function and the ARMAX model of the motor  , which had been previously determined  , the closed-loop transfer function Gz was calculated. In addition  , any attempt to identify the transfer function model will be affected. This transfer function in itself is not really of interest to us as it does not include the spring dynamics. If developers do not know about the existence of the defined locking aspect or its relation to the new function transfer  , they might not add transfer as a relevant shadow  , thus  , might miss locking in transfer  , or create a redundant locking cross-cutting concern for that function. Instead of assuming a mechanical model  , we have decided to estimate a transfer function directly from the frequency response data. For a real rational transfer function  , if the poles and zeros are simple  , lie on the jw-axis and alternate with each other  , then the transfer function is passive. This property is called interlacing. It was seen that the derived transfer function agreed identically with the analytic optimal spring solution presented. However  , we know the transfer function matrix of the robotic subsystem sampled with period T ,. The input of a transfer function is V before the execution of the instruction   , and the output is the new V after the execution. Data and experimentally determined transfer function amplitudes match very well. Both transfer function have two zeros and four poles. The transfer function of the charge amplifier Gc& can be assumed as the 10b. Assuming the manipulator closed loop transfer function i.e. The transfer function of When D = 0  , the system is said to be strictly causal. and substituting the plant transfer function of Eq. Fig.13shows the bode plot of the transfer function. 11show the Bode plot of the resulting identified transfer function contact force versus normal velocity. The corresponding z-domain transfer function is is the integrator output. 3shows the response of the inertial element circuit with the transfer function Fig. For the case of the hoist and drag drives the transfer function is for winch velocity as a function of reference input  , while for the slew drive it is for torque as a function of reference input. Since only the magnitude response is used  , the frequency domain identification method in 5 is only suitable for identifying minimum-phase transfer functions with slightly damped zeros such as the transfer function from the shaft velocity to tip acceleration. The transfer function P , ,s of the velocity response model has been assumed to be the transfer function P f  s  of the force response model as multiplied by a transfer function that represents the inertia of the output part and the determined experimentally. Next  , a discrete  , unnormalized probability distribution function Fvhrt c' is obtained as: Even a customized transfer function can be devised by utilizing B- splines. The transfer function for first setup controller is: The sensitivity weighting function is assigned to be  Two controllers were designed using p -synthesis toolbox of Matlab. The transfer functions were identified using the MATLAB The simulator runs at 5Hz and writes the system output variables to the logger using its RTC interface. The transfer function depends on the geometry given by the diameter function of the part. Then clearly q is a stable transfer function. The middle loop decouples the dynamics of the system reduces its transfer function to a double integrator. Where q c is the parameter which determines the controller convergence speed. The above transfer function meam a typical second order system. 20 is diagonal  , the repetitive controller for each axis can be designed independently . ¼ The estimated transfer function was converted into the following standard form which is convenient to design a controller. Using this value for C in the derived transfer function The capacitor's recommended value is given as 0.022 uF. The above methods can only be applied t o overdamped systems. Stability is analyzed by plotting the Popov curve for the transfer function from A to B . The force control for the experiments uses an inner velocity loop. The Bode plots obtained experimentally to model the link dynamics are displayed in Fig. where µ is a discount factor that defines how trustworthy the new observations are. is a stable transfer function. In this system  , several factors are connected with each other in series. This method is a kind of feed-forward control. I 1Displacement control with inverse transfer function compensation integrals  , the output of the compensator is generally stable. Figure 7 shows the arrangement of the singlemass arm. The experiment results is shown in Figure 7. The closed loop transfer function governing the system's response in the NS mode is: The system's response is 2nd order. 20  , the transfer function from the disturbance to the output force is expressed as follows: Then  , from eq. An example of aplying the equivalent transfer function for minimizing the size of a SPN a Where: 4. However  , there is no step response experiment for the fuel mass measurements from sensor WIA 2. The transfer function of the controller is obtained using equation hub. During pipe transfer and placement  , slips may occur along the pipe's axis. It should be noted that Gs is not a single transfer function but rather a family of transfer functions with independent real interval coefficients; thus Gs represents an interval plant system 8. To overcome these challenges  , BIGDEBUG provides an on-demand watchpoint with a guard closure function . The dynamics of HSI and TO are assumed to be negligible  , they are modeled as ideal transducers with unity transfer functions. The ZPETC is based on the inversion of the closed loop transfer fimction so that the product of the ZPETC and the closed loop transfer function comes close to unity for arbitrary desired output. The values of the sensitivity transfer functions along the normal and tangential directions  , within their bandwidths  , are 0.7 m / l b f and 0.197 in/lbf respectively. In the whole teleoperation  , highly accurate control has been achieved. A time wrapping function is a transfer function which aligns two curves. The sensitivity function in low frequencies is minimized simultaneously with the open loop transfer function in high frequencies   , using a Lagrangian function. We design the transfer function matrix G; similar to the case of previous section. This section is devoted to a description of the extender performance where the following question is addressed: What dynamic behavior should the extender have in performing a task ? Figure 11shows the analytical and experimental values of G for t w o orthogonal directions. We see that the transfer function defines the kinematic correspondence between the master and the slave. Choosing a first order stable transfer function leads to a compensator E. Due to the simplicity of the flotor dynamics  , a n y proper  , stable  , real-rational transfer function can be obtained from the desired acceleration a  , to the actual acceleration a of the flotor of course  , there will be limits on achievable performance due to plant uncertainty  , actuator saturation  , etc. To plan a trajectory efficiently  , each edge of the belief graph is associated with a covariance transfer function and a cost transfer function. A class of outputs which lead to a minimum phase transfer function for single-link flexible robots have been presented in 8. where G is the actuator transfer function relating the input command to the actuator to the end-effector velocity; S is the actuator sensitivity transfer function relating the line tensile force fR to the end-effector velocity  , v   , A positive value for v represents a downward speed for the load. The force commands should be sent to actuator through D/A converter modeled by putting the transfer function in Eq. However  , we can derive the more interesting transfer function between actuator position/velocity and actuator force by viewing our system as shown in equivalence. In our case  , the closed position loop transfer function of one motor is approximated by a first order system : Winding motors can have a very small response time  , but in the general case  , the motor position control loop cannot be neglected in the full open loop transfer function of one mode. The position model used in this research is a 20 degree of freedom DOF lumped-spring-mass-damper model based on the work of Oakley 16. Each motor of the end-effector was treated separately and a control loop similar to the one in In this set of experiments  , the position transfer function matrix  , G  , the sensitivity transfer function  , S are measured. Specifically  , the undamped transfer function from By the Passivity theorem  , a P D controller will guarantee stability if the robot is undamped. Section 4 of this paper proposes an alternate transfer function which has a well-defined relative degree even as the number of modes approaches infinity. An alternate method is presented in this section which does give a well-defined transfer function. As discussed in Section 1  , the other important measure of hand controller performance is its achievable stiffness  , which is provided by a position control loop with transfer function T  , between sensed position Xs and actuator force Fa. The hydraulic servo valve and joint transfer function plant models are for different arm postures and for different command levels. The key is to define output variables so that the transfer function is passive. If the poles and zeros of the undamped transfer function from A E to Aq1 -2Aqh4 are plotted for all the orientations in Figure 8  , the pole-zero patterns all display the interlacing property  , thus implying passivity. From the above lemma and the proof of completeness for polygonal parts and by verifying that for transfer functions f of polygonal parts  , A' The diameter function of the thin slice is shown in dotted lines along with its transfer function. As well  , the problems in determining the relative degree of this transfer function are discussed in Section 3. For purposes of this paper  , the authors define the bandwidth of transparency as the frequency at which the transparency transfer function crosses a A3 dB magnitude band. However  , because the passivity theorem is only a sufficient condition  , then having the transfer function non-passive does not necessarily imply instability . It may be the case that an attacker wants to slow down transfer of a given piece of information; but the transfer speed itself is a function of the aggregate effort of the machines participating in the transfer. We assumed that the transfer functions were of first order and used classical geometry-based approach for identifying transfer function parameters. function: All keybord interaction except the function keys is directed to the dialog object. We then present a constructive argument to show that only On projection sets need be considered to obtain the diameter function. This means there is a room to improve the backdrivability without affecting the txansfer function of the reference torque. The diameter function of the thin slice is shown in dotted lines along with its transfer function. Next we interpret each instructions of the function by following the transfer functions in Table 1 . Similarly  , we redefine all accessors to record structures for records owned by the terminal as calls to protocol transfer functions which: The functions mentioned above all behave in the following way: some data function parameters or record instances to be accessed is passed to the opposite partition and then some task is performed by that partition on the data. In the function  , two similarity measures are used. Our system is comprised of a user information collection function and a P2P transfer function. These functions are: instruction access tracing  , data access tracing  , and conditional transfer tracing. It requires a model of the robot+camera transfer function  , which is computed using I  , The controller is a generalized predictive controller that is described in section III. S is the sensitivity transfer function matrix. The transmitted impedance felt by the operator  , see with the difference between Zt and 2  , being interpreted as a measure of transparency. Then the transfer function is obtained as shown in Fig. This results in a transfer function which is minimum phase with zeros on the imaginary axis. we define how the orientation of thr: part changes during a basic pull action. This is accomplished by scaling the nondimensional frequency variable i = The controller transfer function is redimensionalized by essentially scaling t ,he zeros and poles of the nondimensional controller. Then we can modify the controller input For a repetitive task  , the transfer function of the system will be the same. A momentary switch is mounted-on the side of the handlebar. has a constant transfer function which is required to work in a changing environment. Gp stands for the closed loop transfer function of the position controlled system in free motion  , from motor setpoint to link position. In order to use this feature  , a headrelated transfer function is needed. 4are positive  , the poles of the conjugate eye movement transfer function are always negative  , and the conjugate eye movement is always stable. a t the front and t ,he rear of controlled system P and tlherehy shape the open loop frequency transfer function. Transfer function of piezo displacement as input and output of charge amplifier as output Fig. Since the transfer function matrix in Eq. force unloading no saturation Fig. The same parameters were used for digital integration of the equations 20-27 with addition of the correction block having the transfer function given by 28. The transfer function matrix H is doubly-astic. Its reaction is modeled by an admittance with serial spring-damper dynamics with the transfer function s/s + 0.5. Once the output utpet is calculated from ZPETC's transfer function 3  , the repetitive compensation is calculated . In order to design the controller  , we need to have the transfer function matrix of the robotic subsystem sampled with period T , ,. This avoids numerically unsound calculations such as inversion of transfer function matrices. is non-proper. If the follower calculate U ,  , the follower could estimate the trajectory precisely using the transfer function GI as illustrated in Chapter 2. The system then displays information pertaining to self and others aggregated by these two functions via an information display interface. Identity mapping I is used as feature mapping function  , with the mapping procedure This can be viewed as a special case of transfer learning. method is specific to recommendations using random walks  , we can transfer their exponential decay function to our model as follows: While the Boldi et al. The contact stability condition imposes that the actual penetration p is positive during contact. 9 also focused on the frequency domain verification of transfer function models for a single-link flexible arm. Otherwise  , the transfer function 28 should be realized by means of switching circuits or by software. The analog circuit for transfer function 28 and also software procedure 30 were realized. The controller transfer function is redimensionalized by essentially scaling t ,he zeros and poles of the nondimensional controller. We derive a transfer function for the pulling feeder for convex polygonal parts  , i.e. In Section 2.2  , we will define a basic pull action and the corresponding transfer function. Using this approach we can obtain the transfer function of a system. The obtained transfer function matrix is given by: To identify the unknown parameters  , we use an autoregressive moving average with exogeneous model ARMAX. Another important difference is that the transfer function model used in 4 Net tip position yt may then differ substantially from y 't and exhibit large oscillations. 2shows that the actuator signal  , r d   , can be reconstructed from the control input signal U and the identified actuator transfer function H . the characteristic equation becomes f1s=s 2 +KPs+KI. The most rapid changes in position may be associated with the higher frequency components of the position command signal. An artificial ear for the auditory system would affect the spectral characteristics of sound signals. One major default mode that can alterate this function is the seizing of the pump axis. The transfer function represents a ratio of output to input. MRAC was implemented into the real master device system . The human operator exerts a velocity step. The transfer function is assumed as the diagonal matrix  , so that the Phase deg Frequency Hz x-output y-output z-output Figs.5shows the resulted Bode diagram. that is simply an integrator  , Along the trajectories of Euler's equation in Choosing a first order stable transfer function leads to a compensator E. A transfer function converts the handlebar deviation to an actual steering angle. In this section we look at the transfer function taking input current to pan and tilt angles. These approaches M e r from one another only in the level of abstraction. According to the precedent theory the matrix inp&-output relation is given by y = Hu  , where H is the transfer function matrix. First there is the transfer function representing the dynamics of the master arms Y ,. With the values of the physical and control parameters used to produce the experiment of Fig. We used the robotic system to measure gap junction function. A maximal box around the nominal p 0 is obtained by increasing . Once a model has been selected to represent a subsystem  , the unknown parameters identification is required. which means that after k control steps the signal reaches the confidence zone. The force static characteristic is single valued and would require  , for example  , an integrator to generate instability. U Here the transfer function of the motor-gear system and the controller are replaced by a simplified system for conciseness. The simplified coupled impedance transfer function obtained from System passivity means that the work is always done by the external force  , without loss of the contact. We shall show that this transfer function has several desirable properties. For example  , consider the case where all the transfer function matrices in 10 are diagonal. At high frequency   , the transfer function is equal to the value-of k ,  , the spring constant of the physical spring. Reference 4 describes the conditions for the closed-loop stability of the system. Alternate approaches have to be found to make the transfer function appear passive for the case when is large. Each drive system is modeled by a discrete time transfer function  , expressed as a numerator and a denominator polynomial. Although not the case here  , such data would typically be obtained from a commercial spectrum analyser. Con-' sider a 2D system described by the transfer function \Ve can now give a realization procedure based on the method illustrated in the above example. This experiment used a Head-Related Transfer Function HRTF method. We then redefine each function which is owned by the terminal to be a call on a protocol transfer function: the name of the function and its parameters are passed to the remote-function-call function. Further  , Wang and Vidyasagar have shown in 12  that the relative degree of the transfer function relating the base torque to the tip position becomes ill-defined as the nuimber of modes included in the truncated model tends 'to infinity. In the middle  , the solid line is the measured control signal v6  , and the dashed line the predicted controlled signal  , where the predicted signal is an output of the transfer function model when the control error e is given as an input. The first two clamped-free and pinned-free frequencies computed from the analytical model agree within 10% with the measured frequencies. Also note that since the load is connected to the end-effector  , both terminologies "load velocity" and "end-effector velocity" refer to v as derived by equation 2. where G is the actuator transfer function relating the input command to the actuator to the end-effector velocity; S is the actuator sensitivity transfer function relating the line tensile force fR to the end-effector velocity  , v   , A positive value for v represents a downward speed for the load. For free motion case  , the object is to find the transfer function from the motor torque to tip position of the manipulator  , and in constrained case  , we want to find the transfer function from motor torque to the force exerted by the manipulator to the environment. It was also shown in 9  that for noncollocated position measurements  , the locations of the right half plane zeros of the resulting transfer function are highly sensitive to errors in model parameters and the distance between the actuator and the sensor. In this paper  , we described the design  , the modeling and the experimental results of our prototype of an endoscope based on the use of metal bellows. If Go is a transfer function mapping the open-loop robotic arm endpoint velocity v to an input  , K  , is the velocity compensator around each joint  , and so is a transfer function mapping the robotic arm endpoint velocity v to the forces f when the velocity loop is not closed  , then the closed-loop velocity control system is as shown in Figure 5. operator fh   , and the forces applied to the machine by the environment  , f  , . The first result involves characterizing transfer functions of polygonal parts and states that for every step function f   , each step having a fixed point4 strictly in its interior  , there corresponds a polygonal part PJ having f as its transfer function and vice versa. As shown in 131 it is found that the colocated transfer function motor tachometer is characterized by a set of alternating zeroes and poles slightly on the left of the j w axis while the noncolocated transfer function tip accelerometer is non-minimum phase with right-half plane zeros. We ran 200 trials and plot the mean and standard deviation of the information transfer estimate at each time step. The transfer knction from input voltage V  , to the AC component of the output voltage superimposed on the power bus line V  , is given by Figure 4illustrates the transfer function. When dealing with interval plant systems with independent coefficients one typically is interested in Kharitonov polynomials. The value of a function mapping is a member of the enumerated set FN-RETURN = { Preconditlon-Error  , Previous-Menuf Prevlous-Screen  , Master-Menu-Or-Exit  , Screen-Error }. It can be seen that the robot arm undergoes smooth transfer between autonomous function and avoidance function aa well as recovering function to cope with the unexpected event. The diameter function of a part is a mapping between the part's orientation with respect to the gripper and the distance between parallel jaws of the gripper. One can find many methods to design the controller transfer function K . The 1/0 stabilizing decoupling controller for stabilizable rational proper minimum phase and full row range systems of 9  , is used. It is shown that if the tip-position is chosen as the output  , and the joint-torque is chosen as the input  , then the transfer function of the system is non-minimum phase. That  , is  , the peaks of t ,liis transfer function are easily identified and the variation of tlie frequency where these peaks occur admits a direct functional relat.ionship with the payload carried IJY tlie robot. Then  , the approximated cost to traverse an edge is computed by plugging a covariance at a departing vertex into the associated cost transfer function of that edge. In the next section we present a newly developed system identification based on orthogonal basis functions. Equation 1 8 shows a twodimensional example for choice of D  s l where m l and m2  , representing the apparent masses in various directions  , are the designers choice. We assume a nicely damped transfer easily be estimated  , since the PID controller is tuned by using these two variables: Since the robot has voltage driven joint motors comparable to velocity steering  , the most important lower frequency range of transfer function of the joint can be approximated by a second-order system with a pure integrator 4. Examples of transfer statements include: method invocations that pass tainted data into a body of a method through a function parameter: updatesecret; assignment statements of a form x = secret  , where tainted variable secret is not modified; return statements in the form return secret. It is well known that if actuator and sensor are located at the same point co-location then the transfer function is passive and thus it is possible to develop a very simple controller. In this discussion  , we will focus on the transfer function between actuator position/velocity and the actuator force  , as the phase relationship between these will relate to our optimal spring problem. Several alternate transfer functions are proposed. Not all ICFG paths represent possible executions. The closed loop frequency response is shown in figure 7. where  , controller  , and neglecting small higher order terms  , the total transfer function can be represented as the secmd order system. Since the numerators and denolminators have non odd powers of s  , the poles and zeros will be symmetric about the imaginary axis. Introducing the notion of lossless transmission line  , Anderson and Spong 8 argued that L block can be made to strictly positive real and stable transfer function. Applying the passivity to teleoperation  , Lawrence proved the following theorem. 'fico control is used to suppress the effect of uncertainties by minimizing the oo-norm of the system's closed-loop transfer function. its inverse to be known  , the control design in conventional position controlled industrial robots can be significantly simplified if we adopt the force control law i.e. We modelled a servo motor and driver sub-system including load as a transfer function Gm  , hence we can express limited performance of load-motor-driver units. This loop is described by the transfer function TJ from sensed force Fs to actuator force Fa. We have inferred that the distribution is heavy-tailed  , namely a Pareto with parameter α ≈ 2. distribution of transfer size: Figure 1shows the complementary cumulative distribution function of the sizes of transfers from the blogosphere server. The objective function in MTL Trace considers the trace-norm of matrix W for regularization. The transfer function for the simplified continuous time system is represented as The time delay can be due to computational or communication delays in either a simulated environment display or teleoperated system. 2  , and the correspondent transfer function is: If the plasticity phenomena typical of polymeric materials is taken into account  , the force/elongation characteristic of the tendon is modeled as in Fig. The open loop transfer function is obtained through random testing with a Hewlett-Packard dynamic si nal analyzer. In almost all type of applications  , it would be sufficient to set Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. A secondorderdynamicwas foundsuperposed to the integral relation was found  , clearlyshowing the presence of an unnegligible structural deformation . We show that  , unfortunately  , there exist non-convex polygonal parts that despite asymmetry cannot be fed using inside-out pull actions. In the absence of any feedforward terms  , the response is governed by the poles of the transfer function. No matter what kind of controller C we use in Figure 4   , the transfer function GI and the backdrivability G2 always keep the following relationship. The previous transfer function 15 represents the CDPR dynamics and it depends on the pose X of the robot. Furtlierinore  , we may assiinie that the adjacent frequency bins H  , That is  , each component of the transfer function is corrected by where 1 = 1  , ..   , N   , the forgetting factor A  , satibfies 0 < A  , 5 1  , and P  , is tlie covariance matrix. All signals within that range are amplified to near the high-end attenuation point. In what follows we will ignore amplification and motor transfer function issues and assume a   ,  t  can be specified directly. Thus  , by Definition 1  , the relative degree of the input-output transfer function is two  , regardless of how many modes are included. the inner and the outer loops and Qa/Tr for the proposed system  , respectively. The weighted inputs are summed  , and then an output Y can be obtained by mapping of transfer function f . Since rotating the gripper is equivalent to rotating the part  , the transfer function is defined in terms of the part's orientation with respect to the gripper . The object identification method here presented relies on composition and interpolation of object patterns . The magnitude of A obtained from experiments is shown in Fig. Therefore  , a perfect tracking controller may cause oscillatory velocity response. As such  , skills do not transfer well from one environment to the next  , from one robot platform to another  , and from simulation to reality. The aim of the classical element and frequency response experiments is to let the shdents comprehend the concepts in control theory. When ρ =ρ r the transfer function of vergence will become 0; in this case all types of vergence eye movements will disappear. If an output variable includes strain measurements along the length of the beam  , then the controller is no longer collocated . with the horizontal subsystem  , the goal is to find a passive transfer function by carefully choosing an output variable. The arm's capability to follow a moving environment with certain contact force is investigated in this section. The transfer function of dynamic model is obtained as shown in equation 6. the force response was directly superimposed upon the reference position trajectory. In this representation  , the computer  , its terminal equipment  , and the system program are treated as a black box. Another field closely related to our work is transfer learning . System poles are the roots of the denominator polynomial of the transfer function and zeros are the roots of the numerator polynomial. The transfer function G2 presents the backdrivability of the torque control. In this example  , we will show two different approaches to find the transfer function matrix. We begin with the standard approach which is operational  , and uses the formal power series. The system was simulated to aid understanding of the control problem  , to identify a suitable transfer function and to determine the vision system specification. To simplify the problem   , we model each axis of a machine tool as a simple second-order transfer function. The cut off frequency of the LPF is much lower than the resonance frequency of the In general  , the transfer function of a multilayer piezo is represented by the second order system. In this example  , the impedance up to the saturation frequency  , w , ,  , is significantly reduced. 17  , are shown in Fig 5. For each input-output pair  , Golubev method is applied to derive directly a rational transfer function. This can be achieved by a classical PID-controller. A sinusoidal command was given and slowly swept through the frequency range of interest. We first analyze the possible configurations of the finger with respect to the part. It is well known that for collocated measurements  , the transfer function is passive and hence it is easy to stablilise the system 4. The angle of rotation of the actuator is the commonly used collocated mea- surement. They considered the position of the tip or that of an intermediate point as the noncollocated output. Similarly as in the implicit force control  , the transfer function GF2 should be strictly proper to ensure zero steady state force error and t o compensate for stationary impedance i.e. Passivity theory provides a powerful way to describe dynamically coupled systems by focusing on energy transfer 138. Numerically differentiating position twice  , which is required for impedance causality  , could introduce substantial noise into the system making The transfer function with impedance casuality: importance of admittance causality is clear when considering virtual environments such as rigid body simulations . the person in charge For promptly sending warning messages to the person in charge  , a message delivery mechanism is designed in the Watchdog component. For larger excursions the output current limits at Z~IABC  , providing the overall transfer function shown in Fig. Then  , it holds from the well known ztransform of a continuous system with a zero order hold that: Let H  z  be the discrete transfer function of the VCMD. The robotic gripper's primary function is to transfer pipes and move them into or out of the roughneck. Q-learning also implicitly learns the reward function . The lower part of figure 4shows a double pure integration in the transfer function for the y-coordinate. To implement this scheme we can use F F T to analyze the spectrum of both input and output during the transient period  , and calculate the transfer function N . The transfer function relating the contact force to the commanded force F  , and the environment position X  , is: The block diagram of the control system is shown in Figure 5. Let the values of at the end of the lift-off and transfer forward subphases be +L It'is a function of the kinematic cycle phase variable  , +  , which is used to implement periodic gaits 1 ,4 ,10. For this design  , the global open loop transfer function of each mode is required. For a noncompliant motion Eq.5 describes a decoupled system  , which is generally not true in case of compliant motion. It is difficult to accurately determine the center of gravity and the moment of inertia of each leg in the tumbler system. If we join all subsystems in accordance with the position based dynamic look and move structures we obtain the system's block diagram. The transfer function for figure 9.a is identical to equation 2  , with the same bandwidth. Finally  , the last section presents some conclusions and recom- mendations. Position Sensor Based Torque Control Method Fig.2shows a block diagram of a proposed torque control system. Consequently  , the actuator's dynamics can be represented by a simple transfer function: of the external wrench w and with the choice of cts. Let C  0  denote the transfer function of a nondimensional controller   , such that   , Since this is an initial investigation into scaling laws for controllers   , the theory developed here is only applicable t o frequency domain controllers. Recall from Using the developed scaling laws 12  , the controller transfer function 11s scaled and applied to both of the dimensional SFL systems described at the beginning of the section. The empirical transfer function r��:� is also plotted. F * e = 0  , the interaction impedance is the transfer function between its reaction force and the external motion that this environment 3For environment with no internal force i.e. Hence  , each free variable is set 2 and then the function INITIALIZEGLOBALS is called. Finally  , if all the operators in Figure 4are transfer function matrices  , then the stability bound is shown by inequality 25. The physical parameters corresponding to this transfer function are shown in Table I. While most of the previously proposed control strategies for the single flexible link required only a state space model 1 ,2 ,3  , other control strategies require a transfer function for the system. S is a transfer function matrix that represent the compliance Ule deal with the robustness at thls stage. The important requirement for doing this successfully is that we include in a users ontology all concepts  , which influence her ranking function. It is clear that transparent position control can be achieved by using where k is a scale factor. Our goal is to obtain a precise position controller with high bandwidth shown in Fig. Whenever an external force is applied to the hand controller  , the end-point of the hand controller will move in response. Based on the above discussions   , the force compensator transfer-function K  s = A large admittance corresponds to a rapid motion induced by a p plied forces; while a small admittance represents a slow reaction to contact forces. The frequency response and the fittef model obtained for this system is shown in The open loop transfer function is obtained through random testing with a Hewlett-Packard dynamic si nal analyzer. It should be noted that Axdi is calculated by each follower based on the observable state of each follower AX ,. Typically  , each axis will have its own servo controller to allow it to track reference inputs. The summary graph of Experiment 1 Figure 6 shows that as stifmess of virtual walls increases  , performance of the size identification task improves. We now show that the transfer function resulting from our suggested output has all its zeros and poles alternatingly on the jw-axis. To examine the last condition of the Popov stability criterion the frequency characteristics of the above transfer function is plotted on the complex plane of Re x coordinate  , is modified based on the estimated gradient. In the case of a manipulator control  , this term have not been seriously considered since the relative speed between a robot and an environment is small. In this section  , we address the control problem of active vibration canceling of CDPR with light and flexible wires in the modal space. Since it is desired that none of the joints overshoot the commanded position or the response be critically damped  , In the absence of any feedforward terms  , the response is governed by the poles of the transfer function. The necessary conditions for stability of vergence eye movements are obtained from 4are positive  , the poles of the conjugate eye movement transfer function are always negative  , and the conjugate eye movement is always stable. We require that the transfer of commodities from the virtual source node to each node in V is instantaneous. The acceleration method ensures no error in the stiffness and damping terms  , but generates a fourth order transfer function which can be unstable. To do so  , a spectrum analyzer is used to measure the transfer function of the amplifier driving one motor of a stationary forcer floating on the platen. This idea that combines attractively with the observer-based SPR design used here. Thus  , the signal uzpet and the repetitive control input urep are stored in memory and used after one period M . From the physical parameters as shown in Table 1When we design the stabilizing compensator based on Eq. lo  , variations in the transfer function of the controlled system should be given in advance. The force error is predictable from the transfer function. The CAMBrowser downloads and executes applications written in Simkin  , an XML-based scripting language including support for function calls  , control flow  , arithmetic and basic datatypes 38. Then  , we express the transfer operation as a combination of remove and insert: Since W CC is a state function  , all paths from P to P ′ have the same differential. Its main function is to transfer users demands to the concerned pool and the informations possibly returned to users from the pool. where  , controller  , and neglecting small higher order terms  , the total transfer function can be represented as the secmd order system. We use a third order model of a Hydro-Elastic Actuator to investigate the closed loop forward transfer function and the impedance of the system. In the latter case  , 10 becomes a scalar quantity and the stability can be studied using conventional methods. 4 where Fc is Coulomb friction force  , while sPs denotes the position control sensitivity transfer function. Usually  , position controllers are developed using transfer functions from the input torque T to the tip position y. This idea can be understood in terms of a binary scaling function. Fig.7Block diagram of direct transfer function identifier. Therefore  , the proposed method is not just a specific controller design approach for a specific performance requirement. Figure 4shows the theoretical and experimental values for the bode plot of G ,. But  , this can only be done experimentally. In idling conditions  , the following experimental transfer function was obtained: Figure Sillustratcs the Bode diagrams related to the identifi ed systems for the cases of idling condition and when the three different skin samples are grasped. This may be achieved by canceling the poles and zeros of the closed-loop system. On the other hand this double integrator is necessary for ramp following behavior with a steady state error to become zero. The position method has the important advantage of yielding a second order closed-loop transfer function and is thus always stable in the continuous-time case if the coefficients are positive. In the dye transfer experiments  , the membraneimpermeable HPTS dye mixing with Dextran-Rhodamine red dye was injected into a cell. where vf is the end-effector velocity and F is the contact force  , both at the point of interaction. This case occurs when both slave arm located at remote site and simulated model interact with environment . Therefore  , the frequency Characteristics are compensated with the inverse transfer function of it  121. Calibration data was obtained by scanning the MAST sensor across the tube bundle to obtain data for both the y and z axes. In a similar fashion to Section 4.1  , an electronic oscil­ lator was constructed with transfer function: The circuit was built using Rand C values designed to make 't= 1 . This implies that  , if the transfer function from the input torque to some carefully chosen output can be shown to be passive  , a PD controller can be used to efficiently eliminate flexible link oscillations27. To assure stability  , the stabilizing compensator must be chosen in such a way that: Here  , Gz is the closed-loop transfer function of the servo  , C  z  is the stabilizing compensator and M is the repetitive controller's delay. The uncertain plant is described as the second-order transfer function This is a somewhat contrived example as it has been built to stress issues due to real parametric uncertainties. Using volume visualization techniques  , 2–dimensional projections on different planes can then be displayed. Furthermore  , it creates and initializes the pools. From this plan  , detailed operational specifications are prepared that precisely define the "transfer function" of the control system. Figure  13depicts the sensitivity transfer function. The resulting model is quite precise and was experimentally verified 2. A substantial overshoot can be remarked at about 10 rad/s. When the wheel is moved from the desired position  , the control torque sent to the wheel attempts to drive the angular position back to zero. The problem with a double integrator in the open-loop transfer function is the inherent tendency to become unstable. In this case simpler controller for velocity tracking can he desioned. We found that electrons are transferred from outer tube to the inner tube with charge transfer density of 0.002 e/Å. The same table li\ts the values of several parameters. The low-end cut off of the transfer function is -25.7dBu 40mV and the highend attenuation point is -7.7dBu 320mV. The behavior controllers are feedforward controllers which output the original trajectories expressed by the cubic spline function shown in Fig. Let us first write the transfer function of the system dynamics for motor position θ as input and link position q as output. Therefore  , it may be true that within low frequency range  , for example until the natural frequency  , the estimated force can become a good approximate value. Once the SFL system has been nondimensionalized  , a nondimensional controller can be designed to meet the nondimensional performance specifications. This board has DMA function that transfer data at once 128~11 x l6bit ,s Table 1shows specifications of the board. Such a technique can be extended to more complex situations with larger number of unknown parameters and system states. This is the property we desire in order to make the actuator very insensitive to position inputs. shows an example of the impedance for the same values used in the closed loop forward transfer function in figure 4and equation 13. We show that we can calculate the transfer function using the max-plus approach  , which seems to be more useful for large systems. The developed ER damper is attached to the arm joint. Where Qd is the continuously differentiable bounded desired trajectory and Fs is any relative order one  , strictly proper exponentially stable transfer function. Simulation results are plotted in Figures 7-11. The transfer function provides a mapping from an initial orientation of the part to a final orientation of the part for each grasping action. Thus  , accurate current-based output models are difficult to develop  , and more importantly  , to invert for torque control schema. The transfer function of the LRC circuit and the resonance frequency fhyd of it is expressed by Besides the computed hydraulic resistance of the channel  , the sensor also consists of hydraulic capacities Chyd and hydraulic inertance Lhyd. To that end  , a transfer function approach to the open loop dynamics of the translating foil was presented. The planner generates this path by performing a bestfirst search of the connected component using a simple distance function. To overcome these modeling difficulties  , we performed system identification on the manipulator to determine an accurate transfer function for free and constrained motions. The full-order observer is designed so as not to significantly alter the dynamics of the closed-loop system. In a real teleoperation system it would also had in series the dynamic of the slave arm. Thus the complexity in the control design due t o the non-minimum phase dynamics typical of flexible structures is eliminated. Since the first and the second mode are in-phase mode shaped  , the phase lag at the first and the second resonance are less than -180 deg. The transfer function with impedance casuality: importance of admittance causality is clear when considering virtual environments such as rigid body simulations . It has been shown that the resulting transfer function does not suffer from open RHP zeros. The zero dynamics arising from the suggested measurement were shown to be stable. One simple classical compensation method is to create a dominant pole in the loop transfer function Roberge  , 1975. in open loop mode  , the response should be very underdamped since k~ may be high for a stiff environment. The experiments were run under similar conditions of load  , speed and temperature  , of a single ultrasonic motor. The difficulty in any controller design is proper modeling of the plant to be controlled. A detailed discussion can be found in If the load is negligible the actuator dynamics transfer function becomes A brief discussion on EH servo system operation modeling is iven. The Regular Input/Output Decoupling Problem DP is solved  , z.e. The example below is an excerpt from 27 which has been modified to yield an unstable nominal system. Reference 22 proposed the controller synthesis approach to guarantee the closed-loop transfer function is strictly positive. Thus  , increasing n increases the importance of achieving good transfer efficiency. The control system in Figure 6was used to induce step inputs and measure the robot joint's dynamic response at each temperature state. To handle our real k-gram vectors  , we first transfer each real-valued weight to a binary vector as suggested by Gionis et al. This output has maxiniuni relative degree equal to the state space We sliow this using tlie niodel 11-12. The observed signals are divided in time into overlapping frames by the application of a window function and analyzed using the short-time Fourier transform STFT. There is some positive transfer between the initial learning and performance with the new reward function: the initial cost is lower and the ultimate performance is slightly better with pretraining. Several simplified systems were used to study the effect of hysteresis  , for example  , a constant force was subtracted to account for the effect of damping and friction but the best results as far as matching the experimental data were given by the transfer function: Hysteresis: Similar to friction and damping  , a simplified model of the hysteresis was used and the describing function computed. A closer look at the transfer function T shows that it has two zeroes at FO  , and can be well approximated b\s the following expression: As there is an intersection of the plot with the negative real axis  , the method of the describing function predicts the oscillation. In order to obtain a generic model  , the fiizzy relationships can be defined  , and the output can be writ ,ten as a generic sigmoid function f= I+e-Lz+B  , where Q determines the degree of fuzziness  , arid  ,8 deterniines the threshoid level. In Figure 2we examine the accuracy and convergence of information transfer estimates as a function of time both with and without bias correction. Transfer of control from a menu to a function is specified by evaluation of a mapping whose evaluation represents execution of the function and whose value represents the state in which the system returns to the menu. One of the importance functions we consider in this paper is a decaying function  , where queries earlier in a user's context are considered less important than more recent queries. While coupled  , or MIMO  , controllers have an inherently greater potential for being able to uncouple a coupled system they have several potential disadvantages  , including computational complexity and they do not lend themselves to modularity. As a reminder  , the neural net output function for the ith sample is described using the transfer function of each node in the jth layer of the nodes  , g j   , and the weights w ji kn on the connections between the nodes in different layers with the corresponding offsets b ji kn . Consider the pie-shaped part Fig.3 whose initial orientation is unknown. All of the subsystem commands developed for the generic MI were implemented with C++ functions and all data transfer and data conversions are handled by Orbix. Every block traveled adds one unit to the cost function  , and each transfer contributes four units but takes a negligible time to execute. The constant time function 0 indeed models that the transfer of commodities from the virtual source node to each node in V is instantaneous. If the transfer function is represented in the frequency domain as the closed-loop transfer funcl ion  , Hs  , from the exogenous inputs to the regulated outputs  , is obtained as: If the system performance can be represented by functions in terms of Hs  , multiple specific ,ltions for the system are formulated in a uniform format. Also  , these well-known specifications such as overshoot  , peak time  , and tracking error  , etc. Two types of transfer are possible:  from one traditional function to another  , for example  , the number of employees working in distribution will be potentially increased by incoming personnel from the sales department;  from traditional work functions to new ones  , for example to positions related to the management and operation of the electronic environment e.g. Responsible digital curation is much more than preservation of bits. In particular  , Vidyasagar presented a transfer function of the flexible heam based on the Euler-Bernoulli model that has the nice property to be passive  To evaluate the performance of different architectures including the behavior of the operator  , it is common to use a group of people working on a certain task 2224. In order to get a smooth output and the less settling time  , we consider that the transfer functions matrix relative to the designed output is given by: The objective of this method is to calculate the closed loop transfer function matrix which minimise the integral squared error between the output of the robotic subsystem and a desired output @d. Of course  , the controller depends on the desired output. It was also shown in 7 that for any given values of hub inertia atnd beam inertia  , a passive transfer function can be obtained by using a properly weighted reflection of the tip position as the output. The meaning of the data-transfer cost-function C T t  , g 1   , g 2  is relative to the current execution site: when g 1 is the current execution site and g 2 is a remote execution site  , the function result represents the cost of sending the parameter data from the current site remotely; conversely when g 1 is a remote execution site and g 2 is the current execution site the function result represents the cost for the current execution site to receive the parameters data. The t's necessary to generate a parser's time-formula may be chosen interactively using a variant of Kirchhoff's law 9 which is applicable to grammar rules. Once the frequency responses of the impedance felt by the operator and the stiffness of the environment had been determined  , the magnitude of the frequency response of the transparency transfer function was calculated by taking the ratio of the magnitude of the impedance felt by the operator to the magnitude of the environment stiffness at each particular frequency using the equation: This approach to frequency-based stiffness identification was implemented through the Spectrum function in MATLAB The Mathworks  , Inc. Logging occurs by means of the LOG function line 8  , where the first argument is the new error encountered  , which is linked to the second argument  , that represents the previous error value. Here the upper indices index the node layer  , and the lower indices index the nodes within each corresponding layer. This reward function gives relatively more priority to reducing the distance to the goal than to reducing the size of the command  , and the robot will apply larger torques to reduce the distance to the goal more quickly. The first two rules generate the predicate concepts corresponding to preconditions prec from a SPM  , where the function gc : T → CONC is used to generate the concept corresponding to a given term and the function gcc : PR CC → CONC is used to generate the concept corresponding to a given precondition predicate: The developed rules use the ← r operator to denote set reunion and the ← a operator to denote a value transfer. In the Item Constraint   , a similarity function is needed to measure the similarity of two items. Control then passes to the host partition with the message: FunctionCall INITIALIZEGLOBALS NIL. Secondly  , when each design team turned to the problem of realizing their switching or transfer function or state table  , there would be many more analytical techniques at their disposal. In addition  , complete identification of the system transfer function is not needed; it suffices to estimate the varying parameters. We point out some design constraints on the configuration of the coils and the permanent magnets  , and discuss briefly calibration and accuracy of the motor. First  , the compensating signal which counterbalances the influence of friction force and parameter change is generated using an idea of disturbance observer . The transfer function relates the joint position in radians to the command signal in counts with a 12-bit D/A board. make the response of the motor position much faster than the response of the tip position control loop outer loop in Figure 1. described in the previous section and closing the outer loop by a PID controller Es  , the following transfer function can be derived: 2 Beyond the torque capacity of 150mN m  , the hybrid actuation is associated with saturation in position control bandwidth at a certain frequency due to the time constant of joint and muscle dynamics. Although the main intended application of the apparatus is for in vivo experiments in physiology and for microsurgery  , in this phase we elected not to make tests with animals for ethical reasons. In the line of thought of this paper  , we would like to determine a discrete subset of configurations  , and a basic action which defines a transfer function for the subset of configurations. The strain gage output data were sampled at 20 kHz digitally using an IBM PC/XT with a METRABYTE Dash-16 data acquisition hardware. Since the controller gives a new degree of freedom to modify the transfer functions GI and G2 independently  , this is called a two degrees of freedom 2DOF controller. This function is accomplished by using the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol SMTP. The likely cause for this disagreement is due to the inaccurate modeling of the human arm dynamics  , E  , and the human sensitivity transfer function  , sh. Note that the amplifier dynamics can be reasonably modeled by a constant delay time as long as the lowest frequency poles and zeros are above the driving frequencies of interest. The Coupling Matrix Q is a function of the manipulator's configuration and is a measure of the system's sensitivity to the transfer of vibrational energy to its supporting structure. The model is geometrically scalable and represented in a form of infinitedimensional transfer function relating the bending displacement wz  , s of IPMC beam to the voltage input V s. Chen and Tan recently derived a control-oriented yet physics-based model for IPMC actuators 14. Given an initial series of computation to construct ξ ij and a starting covariance Λ 0 = Λ s i as an input parameter  , repeated queries of the effect of a series of controls and observations can be calculated efficiently. The paper comprises three major sections  , each dealing with one of the dynamic effects mentioned above. Figure 6shows the measured and fitted transfer function from motor to camera position  , lated response of the motor position and the camera position respectively. The effects of the environmental changes combine to produce a transfer function for the overall system which is constantly varying depending on the task being performed. At last Spliced fiber is reinforced by the reinforcing membersFig.8 and it is brought out. As shown in fig.8  , the method of the force controller design based on the frequency characteristics using the impedance parameters is effective for the suppression of the disturbance. An integral control term also serves to eliminate the presence of an algebraic loop in the closed-loop transfer function. In contrast  , the positional error of the developed micro transfer arm is represented in a simple form as a function of only arm length. is the projector to screen intensity transfer function  , A is the ambient light contribution which is assumed to be time invariant  , When occluders obstruct the paths of the light rays from some of the projectors to the screen  , 2  , diminishes and shadows occur. Some drawbacks of the identification of single flexible link manipulators using ARMA type models have been previously reported 4  , 51. For the 5-bar linkage robot with only horizontal vibrations  , described in 27   , it has been shown that  , assuming no damping  , the transfer function from the base motor torque to reflected output is passive27. Thus  , by the Passivity theorem  , a P D controller can provide very good vibration control. We selected a 3rd- order Go so that the output of the controller is continuous. The transfer function fp for a path p in the ICFG is the composition of the functions for the nodes and the interprocedural edges on the path. A digitized mono audio stream can be convoluted with an artificial HRTF to create a stereo audio stream that reproduces the timing  , frequency and spectral effects of a genuine spatial sound source. Variable δ ctxt is the context of review r as defined for polarity  , and we use the same transfer function from Equation 5 to connect δ ctxt to the rank-based measures of global and local context. components  , the BASL specification for each selected AI is retrieved from the abstraction library and compiled into a Java class that implements the AI's abstraction function and abstract operations. A single cost function has to be found that combines the costs of dgebraic operations and the transfer of data between subsequent operations in a unique fashion. For perfect transparency  , the transmitted impedance should be the same as the environment impedance. Figure 6shows the Nyquist plot of the three different rotary joint plant models representing the nominal plant described by the transfer function of Eq. There is a great subclass of timed Petri nets  , called timed event graphs  , which can be formalised in the max algebra in the form of the state equation. The servo control was implemented by integrating a high speed low resolution vision system with the cell controller  , and it was applied simultaneously with a tension servo control. The experimental setup included all components of the control system because we wanted to find the transfer function of the entire control system.   , the discrete transfer function of the simplified controller can be written as  on the horizontal air table with minimal friction. For any basic action for inside-out grasping  , we woiild like to show that the corresponding transfer function is monotonic. This way we can assume that the whole robot structure has the equivalent transfer function 9 for every given position an for each motor at a time. However  , it has been shown by Spector and Flashner 9 that with noncollocated measurements such as tip position  , the resulting transfer function is non-minimum phase in character. The control design problem is to find a rational transfer function G ,s that meets the requirement 7 and guarantees asymptotic and contact stability. The 2-inertia system in F i g 5 can be expressed with an equivalent block diagram in Fig.6: Transfer function description of Fig.5where Figure 5shows a block diagram of a one-link robot arm which consists of a moter  , an arm and an ER damper. This conclusion is consistent with the phase-plane charts  , that revealed low frequency drifts  , while Finally  , we analise the influence of the excitation upon the fractional order transfer function. For example  , producible impact force is input  , a safety strategy is a factor  , its danger index is transfer function  , and injury to a human is output. The motivations of demote operation is as follows: making those queries that the evaluation function classifies as future cache hits stay in the cache longer. Figure  12shows the experimental set-up for measurement of S. The rotating mass exerts a centerifugal sinusoidal force on the tool bit. Simulated responses of the experimental setup to 20 N disturbance force stcp are shown in Fig. This leads to the assumption of a constant transfer function for H at low frequencies where contact forces are small for all values of hand controller position. Figure 8 shows the predicted response of the subject using the transfer function model defined in 17  , where the measured controlled signal ys of the practised operator and the predicted signal are shown. In order to transfer the knowledge smoor;hly  , the state spaces in both the previous and current stages should be consistent with each other. Atkeson and Schaal 11 describe work in which a reward function and a model for a task are learned by observing a human demonstratc thc task. The control law that implements the deiired impedance of the master arm can be obtained by solving for the acceleration in and substituting it into the master arm dynamics. The problem with this implementation is that it generates a steady state . In order to test the effectiveness of the impedance controller with a single d.0.f. However  , due to the presence of random noise in the measurement  , the result of the transfer function was not exactly the same for each task. Note that the sign of effort and flow variables has been chosen such that the effort is forcing the flow inside the system . The reflected output is the rigid joint position minus the elastic deflection of the tip of the flexible link32. Other types of kinematic correspondence between the master and slave can be realized by setting the proper transfer function G. A perfect rate control of a teleoperator system It is clear that transparent position control can be achieved by using where k is a scale factor. For a high performance system with an end-effector mounted camera  , mechanical vibration in the structure will be part of the overall closed-loop transfer function. Results for this example system have sliowii that  , practically speaking  , a n y class of desired hacking trajectory t.hat. Therefore  , the positional error can be clearly evaluated wherever the end of the arm is located in the workspace. One can design a positioning compensator to develop a tracklng system such that the closed-loop system IS always robust to the bounded uncertalnties In the open loop dynamlcs of the robot. The mutual exclusion relation is simply the diagonal set of Σ 0 × Σ 0   , meaning that different events in Σ 0 could fire simultaneously. The manufacturing system considered in this paper consists of two cells linked together by a material system composed of two buffers A and B and a conveyor. The interaural transfer function ITF ˆ I is defined by the ratio between the left-and right-HRTF: The HRTFs are mainly determined by the shape of the head  , pinna and torso of the listener  , e.g  , the robot-mounted dummy-head in our case. Different mechanisms exist  , of which ASML uses the explicit control-flow transfer variant: if a root error is encountered  , the error variable is assigned a constant see lines 6 − 9  , the function logs the error  , stops executing its normal behaviour  , and notifies its caller of the error. In this case  , the error is the difference between the setpoint and the measured value and the control signal is the dimmer value in the next time interval. Equation 14 shows that the plant transfer function is a fourth order system with an integral term. It may be noted that this is all that is necessary to compute the transfer function. At frequencies greater than 4 mHz the transfer function phase is close to 180 degrees  , thus making the shaping state estimate out of phase with the input observation. It is interesting to observe the robustness of the system to errors in estimated sensor noise variance. Tables 3 and 4 present the achieved results for transfer and copy CPs by running our method using the local ranking function. sign that we chose to undertake when the leg phase alternates between support and transfer. To validate our modeling efforts  , the magnitude of the transfer function from the torque wheel voltage input to the accelerometer voltage output   , with the hub PD loop active  , is shown in Fig. S is called the sensitivity transfer function  , and it maps the external forces to the hand controller position. For measurement of the sensitivity transfer function matrix  , the input excitation uas supplied by the rotation of an eccentric mass mounted on the tool bit. Using this AXdiand the transfer function matrix Gi which we design in previous section  , the i-th follower can estimate the desired trajectory of the i-th virtual leader. The model transfer function SM mapping from V m to ufl so as to shape the environment compliance reflected to the local site is chosen as follows: Thus where 2 1   , =  Kum  Since no distinction has been made between free motion and constrained motion  , the controller Ku has designed so as to track vs to w  , in advance. In this paper a set of operator models .was generated. The elbow joint is analyzed exclusively in the following discussion because it was representative of the procedure used for all of the Schilling Titan I1 joints and it exhibited the most severe control challenges. These problems have led to the search for alternative noncollocated measurements. The block diagram of this control system is illustrated in Figure 6. The fulfillment of the second objective allows us to substitute the inner loop by an equivalent block whose transfer function is approximately equal to one  , i.e. After compensating for the friction and coupling torque  , the transfer function between the angle of the motor and the current is given by This is done by adding  , to the control current  , the current equivalent to these torques and is given by where C is the stiffness of the arm. In the heat exchanger assembly  , the z axis of robot motion is independently controlled with a constant velocity command  , which causes no instability  , while the x axis is controlled by position controller where the reference input  , i.e. Heat transfer and temperature distributions during welding are complex and a solution to the equations is dependent on the thermal conductivity  , specific heat and density of the mass as a function of temperature. 7should be inserted as closely as possible to the desired point of force measurement. The max-plus model used for the computation of the first component of the transfer function matrix comes from the marking of the Petri net at time zero  , w l c h has been already described We need 10 initial conditions to determine the evolution of the net. Computing a spatial path that achieves these objectives analytically demands the knowledge of a deposition rate function that provides a relationship between the spatial location of the applicator with the spray gun and film accumulation on the surface. The electrothermal actuators used in the AFAM can be represented by a first order transfer function 13 with a typical thermal bandwidth of 50Hz. The first mode of the beam was estimated in real-time utilizing the Empirical Transfer Function Estimator ETFE 17. It is possible t o parametrize all the compensators that stabilize the plant P using the following theorem. The %bust Perfornlance Problem RPP 20 is solved  , c.e. However  , it is at the cost of the system stability robustness with respect to the ununiform plant model perturbation in high frequency subhands. Most proposed teleoperation modeling works adopt the term F * e to represent the environment internal force as shown in Fig. The control of a flexible link based on its passive transfer function is just like the control of a rigid link even though the sensor and the actuator are located at different positions along the link. A summary of the hydrodynamic models developed by von K a r m h and Sears  , and Lighthill has been presented and has been applied to the investigation of elastic energy storage in a harmonically oscillating foil in a free stream. The transfer function of the control system developed from the Eitelberg's method shown in Fig. Unfortunately  , to use Popov's stability theory  , one must construct a strict positive real system transfer function matrix  , but this is a very tedious work. Hydraulic position control loop design shown in Figure 4. fitted two human gait motion law   , according to structural dimensions of the knee joint bones to calculate the hydraulic cylinder piston rod desired position Yexp. It was especially mentioned that robots  , which are indistinguishable from humans  , might cause problems due to a transfer of emotions towards them. " Furthermore  , the XSLT function library  , which is part of SCX  , allows for convenient navigation of the relationships between schema component  , for example traversal of the type hierarchy. Unless specified otherwise  , for illustration purposes  , in each of the experiments  , the actual query load is a batch of b = 20 queries web session identification. To tackle this issue  , we resort to a technique called surrogate modeling or optimization transfer  , which approximates the original objective using a majorization/minorization function that is analytically or numerically efficient to compute. The block diagram and associated documents would contain various "summary" design specifications such as transfer functions  , switching functions   , state tables  , apportioned sybsystem reliability goals  , etc. Therefore  , if the revolution of one roller is reduced some obstacle or problem  , the revolution of one of the other rollers is increased by the function of the differential gear  , and we can correctly transfer the motor power to the endoscope. Using the developed scaling laws 12  , the controller transfer function 11s scaled and applied to both of the dimensional SFL systems described at the beginning of the section. In a recent paper a virtual angle of rotation is suggested as an alternative output 6  and it is shown that the zerodynamics of the system arising from this output is stable. This paper is focused on estimating the joint stiffness which is the major source of flexibility in many applications . 3 taking its Laplace Transform as follows: 4 we can express the angular position of the motor shaft related with the aneular disulacement of the rollers: that is  , afterwards  , the transfer function of the scrollic gripper relating the applied voltage to the angular displacement of the rollers. Hence  , similar to the basic push action 7  , 111  , the basic pull action serves as a basis for a transfer function for a part feeder which uses pull operations to orient parts to a unique final orientation. In practice  , sufficient transparency would be such that the magnitude of the transparency transfer function GI is unity and the phase is zero within a bandwidth larger than the sensory and motor bandwidth of the operator. Since the highest working bandwidth of the system is below 100 Hz  , a transfer function of a model of the input-output torque based on the experimental data between O-LOOHz is identified. The service activation and execution function report costs only when the execution site referred in the grounding parameter of the functions is the current execution site. The data-transfer cost function reports costs only when one of the two execution sites involved in the link is the current site and the other site involved in the link is a remote site. We consider these cost values as edge weights  , and therefore the Dijkstra's search can be applied to find a trajectory with the smallest cost-to-go. For example  , environmental changes might include: the variation in inclination of the axis with respect to gravity; varying reflected inertia as a result of payload changes; externally applied forces; etc. For a robot a significant proportion of the environmental changes are known and can be predicted in advance from the task program which the user defines via the supervisory computer. These constraints are called QFT bounds and are usually shown on the Nichols chart 12 . The basic mathematical models of both photo and acceleration sensors are simply a 2 Focusing on the acceleration sensor  , using parameters inferred the datasheet for accelerometer ADLXSO provided by Analog Devices 2. Although equation 3 represents a transfer function for the extender position  , the extender is still under velocity control. In this sense  , we can represent the transfer function of the block force  , the internal force due to the interaction with the human arm  , the desired master arm inertia  , and the damping parameters respectively. Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. Notice that the control input is significantly smoother than the one in Fig. Now K stands for the equivalent stiffness of the whole structure and L becomes equivalent to the radial coordinate of the tip. That is  , first  , the open loop transfer function G , ,Note that the travel  , traverse  , and hoist motions of the crane can be independently controlled using the position servo controller 15. The fuzzy-logic controller is adopted as an anti-swing controller. was implemented using the real-time software developed by Christini and Culianu 26 The system is stable  , so exponential weighting is nei­ ther required nor used. Example 1 PI controllers with integrity: Consider a stable TITO plant G with the transfer function V. EXAMPLES For clarity  , we begin with an example of design of a set of box-like stabilizing Proportional-Integral PI controllers with integrity for a TITO system. A final orientation of a part is a stable orientation where at least one edge of the part is aligned with the gripper when fully grasped with a frictionless parallel jaw gripper. Noting that the transfer function in 0-space between applied torques and resulting accelerations is nearly diagonal  , we treat the system as though it  , is two decoupled  , second order systems. the transfer functions of the PMBLDC motor  , drive  , speed and current controllers respectively. As previously  , we define a transfer function between the inter distance and the additional risk. Besides the reference and value dependency sets in this table  , the static types of these values should also be calculated as defined in the language specifications. After circuit equivalent treatment  , hydraulic cylinders  , the equivalent position of the transfer function expressed as: Through to the piston rod position control   , the actual angle of rotation and knee expected change when human leg gait movement keep consistent to achieve the purpose of humanmachine coordination. The first layer input layer only consists of weights and each neuron is associated to one input variable of the dataset. The first term corresponds to costdata|model  , which are the cost to transfer the labels of each continuous point  , and the rest corresponds to penaltymodel  , which describes the coding book of labels and necessary delimiters. However  , since participation is symmetric in δ ctxt   , we use its absolute value. For example  , in the above online banking system  , assume that after aspectization  , a new function transfer is added and also has locking  , i.e. Privileged statements modify the value of a passed tainted data and/or derive new instances of tainted data. In standard industrial practice  , the information for the automatic cycle of a high volume transfer line is represented by a " timing bar chart " . The key idea in the formulation  , therefore   , is to describe the relationship of the beginning and completion times of an operation with those of the previous and subsequent operations. The simplest forward transfer-function matrix to achieve these objectives is where IC = diag ,{k ,} is a constant nxn matrix to be determined . Experimental results were obtained using a five-bar robot5 with one of the side joints locked to simulate a single flexible link with a shoulder joint. Assuming perfect transfer from spring storage into kinetic energy  , the impact may be modeled as follows: the hip for natural pitch stability. These discontinuities in the past caused large control impulses to the system. The function of the mapping transitions is to transfer the token' s color c  , to a predefmed color cz  , i.e. The other enabling and firing rules of the mapping transitions are the same as the ordinary transitions. Based on several experiments  , the best estimates for the author's hand sensitivity is presented by equation 7. We here design an observer to estimate higher-order derivatives of the actual object position X   , . The simulated camera position is quite oscillatory  , but the motor position curve D is only slightly different to the multi-rate simulation without mechanical dynamics curve C. Figure 6shows the measured and fitted transfer function from motor to camera position  , lated response of the motor position and the camera position respectively. Under the time delay of T   , moreover  , this system promises to produce the goal response of the system z ,t -T without affecting system stability in a delay-free environment. While this order is good for reducing transfer time  , it is preferable to fetch fragments in their storage order when the goal is to reduce seek cost. While there is still a hope that an elegaut combined solution cau be found  , we have decided to follow the classical separate approach. We can briefly show why the Clarke-Tax approach maximizes the users' truthfulness by an additional  , simpler example. The tax levied by user i is computed based on the Clarke Tax formulation as follows: We consider the fixed cost to be equal to 0. The Clarke-Tax mechanism is appealing for several reasons . Under the Clarke-Tax  , users are required to indicate their privacy preference  , along with their perceived importance of the expressed preference. In Section 5  , we describe our proposed framework which is based on the Clarke Tax mechanism. We utilize the Clarke Tax mechanism that maximizes the social utility function by encouraging truthfulness among the individuals  , regardless of other individuals choices. We present our applied approach  , detailed system implementation and experimental results in the context of Facebook in Section 6. Second   , the Clarke-Tax has proven to have important desirable properties: it is not manipulable by individuals  , it promotes truthfulness among users 11  , and finally it is simple. Simplicity is a fundamental requirement in the design of solutions for this type of problems  , where users most likely have limited knowledge on how to protect their privacy through more sophisticated approaches. Unlike previous work  , we conduct a novel study of retrievalbased automatic conversation systems with a deep learning-torespond schema via deep learning paradigm. Deep learning with bottom-up transfer DL+BT: A deep learning approach with five-layer CAES and one fully connected layer. Deep learning with no transfer DL 14: A deep learning approach with five convolutional layers and three fully connected layers. However  , using deep learning for temporal recommendation has not yet been extensively studied. When further integrating transfer learning to deep learning  , DL+TT  , DL+BT and DL+FT achieve better performance than the DL approach. In this paper  , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. Our approach provides a novel point of view to Wikipedia quality classification. Besides  , the idea of deep learning has motivated researchers to use powerful generative models with deep architectures to learn better discriminative models 21. 42 proposed deep learning approach modeling source code. This shows stronger learning and generalization abilities of deep learning than the hand-crafted features. Our learning to rank method is based on a deep learning model for advanced text representations using distributional word embeddings . Meanwhile   , other machine learning methods can also reach the accuracy more than 0.83. 23 took advantage of learning deep belief nets to classify facial action units in realistic face images. The relation between deep learning and emotion is given in Sect. Recent developments in representation learning deep learning 5 have enabled the scalable learning of such models. We use a variation of these models 28  to learn word vector representation word embeddings that we track across time. We consider MV-DNN as a general Deep learning approach in the multi-view learning setup. Many researchers recognize that even exams tend to evaluate surface learning   , and that deep learning is not something that would surface until long after a course has finished 5 . We propose the DL2R system based on three novel insights: 1 the integration of multidimension of ranking evidences  , 2 context-based query reformulations with ranked lists fusion  , and 3 deep learning framework for the conversational task. Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. Additionally  , we report the results from a recent deep learning system in 38 that has established the new state-of-the-art results in the same setting. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in Figure 4. Allamanis and Sutton 3 trains n-gram language model a giga-token source code corpus. When dealing with small amounts of labelled data  , starting from pre-trained word embeddings is a large step towards successfully training an accurate deep learning system. First  , was the existing state of the art  , Flat-COTE  , significantly better than current deep learning approaches for TSC ? Second  , we propose reducing the visual appearance gap by applying deep learning techniques. On the other hand  , the deep learning-based approaches show stronger generalization abilities. Some of them are deep cost of learning and large size of action-state space. Then  , we learn the combinations of different modalities by multi kernel learning. Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos  , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. for which the discontinuities only remain for the case of deep penetrations. However  , despite its impressive performance Flat-COTE has certain deficiencies. We introduce the recent work on applications of deep learning to IR tasks. Together with the self-learning knowledge base  , NRE makes a deep injection possible. 27 empirically showed that having more queries but shallow documents performed better than having less queries but deep documents. The stacked autoencoder as our deep learning architecture result in a accuracy of 0.91. Next  , we describe our deep learning model and describe our experiments. Word2Vec 6 provides vector representation of words by using deep learning. Our future work will study emotion-specific word embeddings for lexicon construction using deep learning. scoring  , and ranked list fusion. In the future we plan to apply deep learning approach to other IR applications  , e.g. Our work is taking advantage of deep models to extract robust facial features and translate them to recognize facial emotions. In our work we propose a novel deep learning approach extended from the Deep Structured Semantic Models DSSM 9 to map users and items to a shared semantic space and recommend items that have maximum similarity with users in the mapped space. In this paper we address the aforementioned challenges through a novel Deep Tensor for Probabilistic Recommendation DTPR method. The instance learning method presented in the paper has been experimentally evaluated on a dataset of 100 Deep Web Pages randomly selected from most known Deep Web Sites. Table 1reports the precision  , recall and F-measure calculated for the proposed method. In addition  , a comparison between a state-of-the-art BoVW approach and our deep multi-label CNN was performed on the publicly available  , fully annotated NUSWIDE scene dataset 7 . learn to extract a meaningful representation for each review text for different products using a deep learning approach in an unsupervised fashion 9. Deep learning with full transfer DL+FT i.e.  We introduce a deep learning model for prediction. For each of the features  , we describe our motivation and the method used for extraction below. The mentorship dataset is collected from 16 famous universities such as Carnegie Mellon and Stanford in the field of computer science. In this paper  , we propose a " deep learning-to-respond " framework for open-domain conversation systems. Given a query with context  , the proposed model would return a response—which has the highest overall merged ranking score F. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema.  Deep Learning-to-Respond DL2R. Using deep learning approaches for recommendation systems has recently received many attentions 20  , 21  , 22. It yielded semantically accurate results and well-localized segmentation maps. In this experiment  , the magazine page detection time is measured for four scenarios with all 4 types of features. Deep learning has recently been proposed for building recommendation systems for both collaborative and content based approaches. In Sections 4 and 5  , we introduce the detailed mechanisms of contextual query reformulation and the deep learning-to-respond architecture. We demonstrate that Flat-COTE is significantly better than both deep learning approaches. However  , the current state of the art is confirmed to be Flat-COTE and our next objective is to evaluate whether HIVE-COTE is a significant improvement. First  , we have designed an ontology specific for personal photos from 10 ,000 active users in Flickr. Deep learning with top-down transfer DL+TT: The same architecture and training set as DL except for the ontology priors embedded in the top  , fully connected layer. Our model also outperforms a deep learning based model while avoiding the problem of having to retrain embeddings on every iteration. This ranking based objective has shown to be better for recommendation systems 9. We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques  , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . To assess the effectiveness and generality of our deep learning model for text matching  , we apply it on tweet reranking task. The framework can integrate other information such as reviewer's information  , product information  , etc. The learned representations can be used in realizing the tasks  , with often enhanced performance . In the second phase  , we trained the DNN model on the training set by using tensorflow 8   , the deep learning library from Google. The proposed deep learning model was applied to the data collected from the Academic Genealogy Wiki project. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 40 . In addition  , deep learning technologies can be implemented in further research. As mentioned earlier weather data has many specific characteristics which depend on time and spatial location. Core concepts are the critical ideas necessary to support deep science learning and understanding. On the second task  , our model demonstrates that previous state-of-the-art retrieval systems can benefit from using our deep learning model. This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 11. We implement a CNN using a common framework and conduct experiments on 85 datasets. Here we adopted an approach similar to 46  , but with a topic model that enhances submission correctness and provides a self-learning knowledge expansion model. Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema. Therefore   , all these heterogeneous ranking evidences are integrated together through the proposed Deep Learning-to-Respond schema. Given a human-issued message as the query  , our proposed system will return the corresponding responses based on a deep learning-to-respond schema. We believe that having an explicit symbolic representation is an advantage to vector-based models like deep learning because of direct interpretability . We presented a deep learning methodology for human part segmentation that uses refinements based on a stack of upconvolutional layers. A widely used method for traffic speed prediction is the autoregressive integrated moving average ARIMA model 1. In this paper  , we proposed a novel deep learning method called eRCNN for traffic speed prediction of high accuracy. Our work seeks to address two questions: first  , is Flat-COTE more accurate than deep learning approaches for TSC ? In the following  , we give a problem formulation and provide a brief overview of learning to rank approaches. Consequently we decided to instead identify evidence of 'critical thinking' by capturing the transcripts of the students' communication events and by interviewing them on their perceptions of the benefits of the technologies. We first point out when we apply deep learning to the problems  , we in fact learn representations of natural language in the problems. While our model allows for learning the word embeddings directly for a given task  , we keep the word matrix parameter W W W static. We propose several effective and scalable dimensionality reduction techniques that reduce the dimension to a reasonable size without the loss of much information. This section explains our deep learning model for reranking short text pairs. In this paper  , we present a novel framework for learning term weights using distributed representations of words from the deep learning literature. Instead of relying solely on the anomalous features and extracting them greedily  , we have used deep learning approach of learning and subsequently reducing the feature set. Recent  , deep learning has shown its success in feature learning for many computer vision problem  , You et al. The research goal of the project is to test the hypothesis that this deep customization can lead to dramatic improvements in teaching and learning. We motivate the framework by adopting the word vectors to represent terms and further to represent the query due to the ability to represent things semantically of word vectors. The characteristics of requiring very little engineering by hand makes it easily discover interesting patterns from large-scale social media data.  Deep hashing: Correspondence Auto-Encoders CorrAE 5 8 learns latent features via unsupervised deep auto-encoders  , which captures both intra-modal and inter-modal correspondences   , and binarizes latent features via sign thresholding. The method is based on: i a novel positional document object model that represents both spatial and visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of Web browser in rendered Deep Web pages; ii a novel visual similarity measure that exploit the rectangular cardinal relation spatial model for computing visual similarity between nodes of the PDOM.  Supervised hashing: Cross-Modal Similarity-Sensitive Hashing CMSSH 6 5  , Semantic Correlation Maximization SCM 28   , and Quantized Correlation Hashing QCH are supervised hashing methods which embed multimodal data into a common Hamming space using supervised metric learning. The model consists of several components: a Deep Semantic Structured Model DSSM 11 to model user static interests; two LSTM-based temporal models to capture daily and weekly user temporal patterns; and an LSTM temporal model to capture global user interests. DL + FT achieved the best Tag ranking DTL GFK DLFlickr DL DL+TT DL+BT DL+FT DL+withinDomain Figure 7: The top-N error rates of different approaches for tagging personal photos and an ideal performance obtained by training and testing on ImageNet denoted as DL+withinDomain. Specifically   , in our data sets with News  , Apps and Movie/TV logs  , instead of building separate models for each of the domain that naively maps the user features to item features within the domain  , we build a novel multi-view model that discovers a single mapping for user features in the latent space such that it is jointly optimized with features of items from all domains. We found that though our method gives results that are quite similar to the baseline case when prediction is done in 6 h before the event  , it gives significantly better performance when prediction is done 24 h and 48 h before the events. While the problemtailored heuristics and the search-oriented heuristics require deep knowledge on the problem characteristics to design problem-solving procedures or to specify the search space  , the learning-based heuristics try t o automatically capture the search control knowledge or the common features of good solutions t o solve the given problem. This paper focuses on the development of a learning-based heuristic for the MSP. Deep learning approaches generalize the distributional word matching problem to matching sentences and take it one step further by learning the optimal sentence representations for a given task. To address the above issues  , we present a novel transfer deep learning approach with ontology priors to tag personal photos. The main contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this paper is one of the first attempts to design a domain-specific ontology for personal photos and solve the tagging problem by transfer deep learning. This has certain advantages like a very fast training procedure that can be applied to massive amounts of data  , as well as a better understanding of the model compared to increasingly popular deep learning architectures e.g. Our deep learning model has a ranking based objective which aims at ranking positive examples items that users like higher than negative examples. We also showed how to extend this framework to combine data from different domains to further improve the recommendation quality. Despite the fact that most of the evaluation in this paper used proprietary data  , the framework should be able to generalize to other data sources without much additional effort as shown in Section 9 using a small public data set. To understand the content of the ad creative from a visual perspective  , we tag the ad image with the Flickr machine tags  , 17 namely deep-learning based computer vision classifiers that automatically recognize the objects depicted in a picture a person  , or a flower. Similar to our work  , to predict CTR for display ads  , 4 and 23 propose to exploit a set of hand-crafted image and motion features and deep learning based visual features  , respectively . Traditional Aesthetic Predictor: What if existing aesthetic frameworks were general enough to assess crowdsourced beauty ? We create a huge conversational dataset from Web  , and the crawled data are stored as an atomic unit of natural conversations: an utterance  , namely a posting  , and its reply. Till now  , we have validated that deep learning structures  , contextual reformulations and integrations of multi-dimensions of ranking evidences are effective. To give deep insights into the proposed model  , we illustrate these two aspects by using intuitive examples in detail. This work is a first step towards learning deep semantics of review content using skip-thought vectors in review rating prediction. At the same time it is not possible to tune the word embeddings on the training set  , as it will overfit due to the small number of the query-tweet pairs available for training. To effectively leverage supervised Web resource and reduce the domain gap between general Web images and personal photos  , we have proposed a transfer deep learning approach to discover the shared representations across the two domains. In order to scale the system up  , we propose several dimensionality reduction techniques to reduce the number of features in the user view. As a pilot study  , we believe that this work has opened a new door to recommendation systems using deep learning from multiple data sources. Given that the image features we consider are based on a state-ofthe-art deep learning library  , it is interesting to compare the performance of image-related features with a similar signal derived from the crowd. Data augmentation  , in our context  , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. To compute the similarity score we use an approach used in the deep learning model of 38  , which recently established new state-of-the-art results on answer sentence selection task. We model the mixedscript features jointly in a deep-learning architecture in such a way that they can be compared in a low-dimensional abstract space. We thus aim to apply an automatic feature engineering approach from deep learning in future works to automatically generate the correct ranking function. Moreover  , we aim to integrate HAWK in domain-specific information systems where the more specialized context will most probably lead to higher F-measures. The proposed approach is founded on: In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. With the recent success in many research areas 1   , deep learning techniques have attracted increasing attention. In contrast to 9  , which is applied to text applications  , we need to handle the high-dimensional problem of images  , which results in more difficulties. Such representations can guide knowledge transfer from the source to the target domain. The DNN ranker  , serving as the core of " deep learning-to-rank " schema  , models the relation between two sentences query versus context/posting/reply. The proposed method can find the equivalents of the query term across the scripts; the original query is then expanded using the thus found equivalents. In this work  , we propose a deep learning approach with a SAE model for mining advisor-advisee relationships. We want to semantify text by assigning word sense IDs to the content words in the document. Automatic learning of expressive TBox axioms is a complex task. In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. Viola and Jones 20  , 21 In recent years  , deep learning arouses academia and industrial attentions due to its magic in computer vision. We demonstrate that the standard approach is no better than dynamic time warping  , and both are significantly less accurate than the current state of the art. Specifically  , this paper has the following contributions:  We develop a supervised classification methodology with NLP features to outperform a deep learning approach . The high efficiency ensures an immediate response  , and thus the transfer deep learning approach with two modes can be adopted as a prototype model for real-time mobile applications  , such as photo tagging and event summarization on mobile devices. Accomplishing all this in a small project would be impossible if the team were building everything from scratch. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 15  , hence selecting educational resources that address these concepts is a critical task in supporting learners. Emerging new OCR approaches based on deep learning would certainly profit from the large set of training data. Additionally  , we note that a catalog of occurrences of glyphs can in itself be interesting  , for example to date or attribute printed works 2. More recently  , Wang and Wang 10  used deep leaning techniques which perform feature learning from audio signals and music recommendation in a unified framework. Finally  , many systems work with distributed vector representations for words and RDF triples and use various deep learning techniques for answer selection 10  , 31. In all of these works  , external resources are used to train a lexicon for matching questions to particular KB queries. However  , their model operates only on unigram or bigrams  , while our architecture learns to extract and compose n-grams of higher degrees  , thus allowing for capturing longer range dependencies. We present a joint NMF method which incorporates crowdbased emotion labels on articles and generates topic-specific factor matrices for building emotion lexicons via compositional semantics. In recent years  , alongside the enhancement of ASR technologies with deep learning 17  , various studies suggested advanced methods for voice search ASR and reported further performance enhancements. There is actually a series of variants of DL2R model with different components and different context utilization strategies. However   , while the word embeddings obtained at the previous step should already capture important syntactic and semantic aspects of the words they represent  , they are completely clueless about their sentiment behaviour. We are going to create JoBimText models 30 and extend those to interconnected graphs  , where we introduce new semantic relations between the nodes. A person can observe the existence and configuration of another persons body directly  , however all aspects of other people's minds must be inferred from observing their behaviour together with other information. Instance learning approaches exploit regularities available in Deep Web pages in terms of DOM structures for detecting data records and their data items. The previous study in 8 seeks to discover hidden schema model for query interfaces on deep Web. Recent IE systems have addressed scalability with weakly supervised methods and bootstrap learning techniques. Our techniques highlight the importance of low-level computer vision features and demonstrate the power of certain semantic features extracted using deep learning. In particular  , by training a neural language model 8  on millions of Wikipedia documents  , the authors first construct a semantic space where semantically close words are mapped to similar vector representations. This has a negative impact on the performance of our deep learning model since around 40% of the word vectors are randomly initialized. The learning component uses a data-driven and model-free approach for training the recurrent neural net  , which becomes an embedded part of a hybrid control scheme effective during execution. One of the challenges in studying an agent's understanding of others is that observed phenomena like behaviours can sometimes be explained as simple stimulus-response learning  , rather than requiring deep understanding. In this study  , we want to learn the weather attributes which are mainly in the form of real numbered values and thus have chosen stacked auto-encoder architecture of deep learning for the purpose. To summarize  , the contributions in this work are: 1 use rich user features to build a general-purpose recommendation system  , 2 propose a deep learning approach for content-based recommendation systems and study different techniques to scale-up the system  , 3 introduce the novel Multi-View Deep learning model to build recommendation systems by combining data sets from multiple domains  , 4 address the user cold start issue which is not well-studied in literature by leveraging the semantic feature mapping learnt from the multi-view DNN model  , and 5 perform rigorous experiments using four real-world large-scale data set and show the effectiveness of the proposed system over the state-of-the-art methods by a significantly large margin. Alternative solutions to this challenging problem were explored using a " Figure 1: Example of a PMR query and its relevant technote like " competition  , where several different research and development teams within IBM have explored various retrieval approaches including those that employ both state-of-theart and novel QA  , NLP  , deep-learning and learning-to-rank techniques. For each of the detectable objects  , the Flickr classifiers output a confidence score corresponding to the probability that the object is represented in the image. It breaks the task at hand into the following components: 1. a tensor construction stage of building user-item-tag correlation; 2. a tensor decomposition stage learning factors for each component mode; 3. a stage of tensor completion  , which computes the creativity value of tag pairs; and 4. a recommender stage that ranks the candidate items according to both precision and creative consideration . Hence  , in this paper we adopt a simple pointwise method to reranking and focus on modelling a rich representation of query-document pairs using deep learning approaches which is described next. The deep learning features outperform other features for the one-per-user and user-mix settings but not the user-specific setting. This result indicates that IdeaKeeper scaffoldings assisted students to focus on more important work than less salient activities in online inquiry. Even though  , in general  , changing the goal may lead to substantial modifications in the basins of attraction  , the expectation is that problems successfully dealt with in their first occurrence difficult cases reported for RPP are traps and deep local minima A general framework for learning in path planning has been proposed by Chen 8.  We investigate the relative importance of individual features  , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image  , another where each user has several thousand images  , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. Copyrights for third-party components of this work must be honored. Specifically  , in this work  , we propose a multi-rate temporal deep learning model that jointly optimizes long-term and short-term user interests to improve the recommendation quality. Table 4 shows that even by just using the user preferences among categories together with crowd-derived category information   , we can obtain an accuracy of 0.85 compared with 0.77 for Image+User features  , suggesting that crowdsourced image categorisation is more powerful than current image recognition and classification technology. 3 In this paper we propose a machine learning method that takes as input an ontology matching task consisting of two ontologies and a set of configurations and uses matching task profiling to automatically select the configuration that optimizes matching effectiveness. Recommendation systems and content personalization play increasingly important role in modern online web services. In this framework  , a slow  , globally effective planner is invoked when a fast but less effective planner fails  , and significant subgoal configurations found are remembered t o enhance future success chances of the fast planner. The rest of this paper is organized as following  , first we review major approaches in recommendation systems including papers that focus on the cold start problem in Section 2; in Section 3  , we describe the data sets we work with and detail the type of features we use to model the user and the items in each domain  , respectively. We then review the basic DSSM model and discuss how it could be extended for our setting in Section 4; in Section 5  , we introduce the multi-view deep learning model in details and discuss its advantages ; in Section 6  , we discuss the dimension reduction methods to scale-up the model; in Section 7  , 8  , 9 & 10  , we present a comprehensive empirical study; we finally conclude in Section 11 and suggest several future work. We conduct CLIR experiments using the TREC 6 CLIR dataset described in Section 5.1. Xu and Weischedel 19 estimated an upper bound on CLIR performance. Probabilistic CLIR. It does not occur in an operational CLIR setting. The simpler MoIR models may be directly derived from the more general CLIR setting. Section 7 and 8 compare our system with structural query translation and MTbased CLIR. For commercial reasons  , we have developed technology for English  , Japanese  , and Chinese CLIR. We ran CLIR and computed MAP at different Cumulative Probability Thresholds CPT. Retrieval results show that their impact on CLIR is very small. Table 4shows a comparison of the recall precision values for the English-Chinese CLIR experimental results. Despite the big differences between the two language pairs  , our experiments on English- Chinese CLIR consistently confirmed these findings  , showing the proposed cross-language meaning matching technique is not only effective  , but also robust. In this paper we report results of an experimental investigation into English-Japanese CLIR. We propose an approach to estimate the translation probability of a query term according to its effect on CLIR. While most existing studies have concentrated on CLIR between English and one or more European languages  , there is a need to develop methods for CLIR between European and Asian languages . To perform such benchmark  , we use the documents of TREC6 CLIR data AP88-90 newswire  , 750MB with officially provided 25 short French-English queries pairs CL1-CL25. The actual CLIR research seeks to answer the question how fuzzy translation should be applied in an automatic CLIR query formulation and interactive CLIR to achieve the best possible retrieval performance. Both CLIR and CLTC are based on some computation of the similarity between texts  , comparing documents with queries or class profiles. The main difficulties for CLIR are the disambiguation of the query term in the source and target language and the identification of the query language. Next we examined transitive retrieval to gauge its impact on notranslation CLIR. Based on this fundamental idea of CLIR  , we can define a corresponding Mixed-script IR MSIR setup as follows. What is shown at each point in the figure is the monolingual percentage of the CLIR MAP. The resulting good performance of CLIR corresponds to the high quality of the suggested queries. In the other experiments  , the English queries are translated into French and French queries are translated into English using various tools: 2. Since monolingual retrieval is a special case of CLIR  , where the query terms and document terms happen to be of the same language e.g. Nonetheless  , the results suggest that a simple dictionary-based approach can be as effective as a sophisticated MT system for CLIR. In order to analyze how good our query translation approach for CLIR  , we display in Fig. We performed three official automatic CLIR runs and 29 post-hoc automatic CLIR runs. Overall  , English-French CLIR was very effective  , achieving at least 90% of monolingual MAP when translation alternatives with very low probability were excluded. This is also one of very few recent studies to empirically explore the value of multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies for CLIR. Such effectiveness is consistent across different translation approaches as well as benchmarks. Paradoxically  , technical terms and names are not generally found in electronic translation dictionaries utilised by MT and CLIR systems. In dictionary-based CLIR queries are translated into the language of documents through electronic dictionaries. In each case  , we formed title+description queries in the same manner as for the automatic monolingual run. Our most relevant work 10  presented a method to predict the performance of CLIR according to translation quality and ease of queries. The reader is referred to the technical report by Oard and Dorr for an excellent review of the CLIR literature 18. Moreover we investigate how a controlled vocabulary can be used to conduct free-text based CLIR. For English-Chinese CLIR  , we accumulated search topics from TREC-5 and TREC-6  , which used the same Chinese document collection. The effectiveness of the various query translation methods for CLIR was then investigated. Most present CLIR methods fall into three categories: dictionary-based  , MT-based and corpus-based methods 1 . CLIR is characterized by differences in query and document language 3. Table 5shows that probabilistic CLIR using our system outperforms the three runs using SYSTRAN  , but the improvement over the combined MT run is very small. RUN1: To provide a baseline for our CLIR results  , we used BableFish to " manually " translate each Chinese query. Applications for alignments other than CLIR  , such as automatic dictionary extraction  , thesaurus generation and others  , are possible for the future. Multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies   , however  , are an underrepresented class of CLIR resources. Our approach to CLIR in MEDLINE is to exploit the UMLS Metathesaurus and its multilingual components. Research in the area of CLIR has focused mainly on methods for query translation. However  , previous work showed that English- Chinese CLIR using simple dictionary translation yields a performance lower than 60% of the monolingual performance 14. Although the principle of using parallel texts in CLIR is similar  , the approaches used may be very different. Based on the observation that the CLIR performance heavily relies on the quality of the suggested queries  , this benchmark measures the quality of CLQS in terms of its effectiveness in helping CLIR. There might be two possible reasons. The multilingual information retrieval problem we tackle is therefore a generalization of CLIR. Section 2 introduces the statistical approach to CLIR. Table 6shows examples of queries transformed through both alternatives. cross-language performance is 87.94% of the monolingual performance. Similar as for MoIR  , the combined CLIR models are also compared. Based on the results of this study our future research will involve the identification of language pairs for which fuzzy translation is effective  , the improvement of the rules for example  , utilising rule co-occurrence information  , testing the effects of tuning a confidence factor by a specific language pair  , selecting the best TRT and fuzzy matching combination  , and testing how to apply fuzzy translation in actual CLIR research. The Ad Hoc task provides a useful opportunity for us to get new people familiar with the tools that we will be using in the CLIR track|this year we submitted a single oocial Ad Hoc run using Inquery 3.1p1 with the default settings. Because the commercial versions of the dictionaries were converted automatically to CLIR versions  , with no manual changes done to the dictionaries or the translations  , the performance level of the CLIR queries achieved in the study can be achieved in practice in an operational CLIR setting. The study used a structuring method  , in which those words that were derived from the same Finnish word were grouped into the same facet. Even though a common approach in CLIR is to perform query translation QT using a bilingual dictionary 32  , there were studies showing that combining both QT and document translation DT improved retrieval performance in CLIR by using bilingual representations in both the source and target language 28  , 19  , 7  , 4. Our experiments with an English-French test collection for which a large number of topics are available showed that CLIR using bidirectional translation knowledge together with statistical synonymy significantly outperformed CLIR in which only unidirectional translation knowledge was exploited  , achieving CLIR effectiveness comparable to monolingual effectiveness under similar conditions. The CLIR experiments reported in this section were performed using the TREC 2002 CLIR track collection  , which contains 383 ,872 articles from the Agence France Press AFP Arabic newswire  , 50 topic descriptions written in English  , and associated relevance judgments 12. Experiments for English and Dutch MoIR  , as well as for English-to-Dutch and Dutch-to-English CLIR using benchmarking CLEF 2001-2003 collections and queries demonstrate the utility of our novel MoIR and CLIR models based on word embeddings induced by the BWESG model. Section 5 presents the results  , Section 6 suggests future work  , and Section 7 concludes. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR refers to retrieval when the query and the database are in different languages. In this section  , we show the effectiveness of our approach for CLIR. The results are available in tab. 1997 found that their corpus-based CLIR queries performed almost as well as the monolingual baseline queries. Our approach is independent of stemmers  , part of speech taggers and parsers. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR remains a difficult task. Hence  , CLIR experiments were performed with different translations: i.e. Phrasal translation approach 17  , 11 was inspected for improving CLIR performance. However  , our approach is unique in several senses. This is importmt in a CLIR environment. Automatic phrase identification methods have been developed for CLIR environment Ballesteros & Croft  , 1997 . It also shows that monolingual performance is not necessarily the upper bound of CLIR performance. Moving from the global perspective to an individual level  , CLIR is useful  , for example  , for the people  , who are able to understand a foreign language  , but have difficulty in using it actively. The focus of this paper is on machine learning-based CLIR approaches and on metrics to measure orthogonality between these systems. Translation experiments and CLIR experiments are based on the CLEF topic titles C041-C200  , which are capitalized  , contain stopwords and full word forms. Technical terms and proper names constitute a major problem in dictionary-based CLIR  , since usually just the most commonly used technical terms and names are found in translation dictionaries. Direct comparison to techniques based on language modeling would be more difficult to interpret because vector space and language modeling handle issues such as smoothing and DF differently. In addition to the ambiguity problem  , each of the approaches to CLIR has drawbacks associated with the availability of resources. In this paper  , we look at CLIR from a statistical modelling perspective  , similarly to how the problems of part-of-speech tagging  , speech recognition  , and machine translation have been  , successfully  , approached. Dictionary based CLIR was explored by several groups including New Mexico State University 8  , University of Massachusetts l  , and the Xerox Research Center Europe ll. An overview of the technical issues involved in supporting CLIR within the European Library with a specific focus on user query translation can be found in Agosti1. It is certainly true that nonparticipants might have more difficulties in interpreting their results based on the small size of the CLIR pool  , as Twenty-One points out. In English-Chinese CLIR  , pre-translation query expansion means using a separate English collection for pretranslation retrieval in order to expand the English query with highly associated English terms. Our experiments of CLIR showed that the triple translation has a positive impact on the query translation  , and results in significant improvements of CLIR performance over the co-occurrence method. Finding translations in general dictionaries for CLIR encounters the problems of the translation of unknown queries -especially for short queries and the availability of up-to-date lexical resources. It has been suggested that CLIR can potentially utilize the multiple useful translations in a bilingual lexicon to improve retrieval performance Klavans and Hovy  , 1999. Section 3 then introduces our meaning matching model and explains how some previously known CLIR techniques can be viewed as restricted implementations of meaning matching . Research on CLIR has therefore focused on three main questions: 1 which terms should be translated ? Although not strictly an upper bound because of expansion effects  , it is quite common in CLIR evaluation to compare the effectiveness of a CLIR system with a monolingual baseline. More generally  , this research is motivated by the fact that  , relative to dictionaries and collection based strategies  , thesauri remain unexplored in the recent CLIR context. We investigate query translation based CLIR here. Even though precomputation can improve the efficiency of our system as we discussed earlier  , we expect MT-based CLIR would still be faster due to a sparser term-document matrix. One might wonder whether we can use the Arabic monolingual thesaurus to improve CLIR. The left graph shows a comparison of doing English-German CLIR using the alignments  , the wordlist or the combination of both. Research in CLIR explores techniques for retrieving documents in one language in response to queries in a different language. The most obvious approach to CLIR is by either translating the queries into the language of the target documents or translating the documents into the language of the queries. The problem of multilingual text retrieval has a long history. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR addresses the situation where the query that a user presents to an IR system  , is not in the same language as the corpus of documents being searched. However  , as the translation resource is constant across the experiments in the paper  , we were confident this would not affect the comparison of triangulation to other CLIR techniques. Thus  , it is important for a translation system based CLIR approach to maintain the uncertainty in translating queries when queries are ambiguous. OOV problem consists of having a dictionary that is not able to completely cover all terms of a language or  , more generally  , of a domain . These components interact  , respectively  , with the MT services and with the domain-specific ontology deployed on the CLIR system. The goal of the presented study was the investigation on the effectiveness of integrating semantic domain-specific resources  , like ontologies  , into a CLIR context. We obtained monolingual baselines for each language pair by retrieving documents with TD queries formulated from search topics that are expressed in the same language as the documents. Scanning the papers of CLIR Track participants in TREC-9 and TREC-2001  , we observe a trend toward the fusion of multiple resources in an attempt to improve lexical coverage. We also show how to use the alignments to extend the classical CLIR problem to a scenario where mono-and cross-language result lists are merged. In CLIR  , queries are translated from the source language to the target language  , and the original and translated queries are used to retrieve documents in both the source and targeted languages. This strategy works well with many relevant documents retrieved in the initial top n  , but is less successful when the initial retrieval effectiveness is poor  , which is commonly the case in CLIR where initial retrieval performance is affected by translation accuracy see  , e.g. However  , research funding by such projects as TIDES 1   , indicates that there is a need  , within intelligence organisations at least  , for CLIR systems using poor translation resources and pivots. Contributions. Indeed  , the impressive CLIR performance was typically observed in the following settings: 1 test documents were general-domain news stories i.e. Let L1 be the source language and L2 be the target language in CLIR  , all our corpus-based methods consist of the following steps: 1. Benchmarked using TREC 6 French to English CLIR task  , CLQS demonstrates higher effectiveness than the traditional query translation methods using either bilingual dictionary or commercial machine translation tools. Davis and Dunning 1996 and Davis 1997 also found that the performance of MRD-based CLIR queries was much poorer than that of monolingual queries. A common problem with past research on MT-based CLIR is that a direct comparison of retrieval results with other approaches is difficult because the lexical resources inside most commercial MT systems cannot be directly accessed. Tools for CLIR such as dictionaries are not universally available in every language needed or in every domain covered in digital libraries. Thirteen groups participated in the CLIR track introduced in TREC-6  , with documents and queries in German   , English  , French and queries in Dutch and Spanish as well. Interestingly  , this assumption yielded good results in the English-F'rench CLIR runs. We are interested in realizing 1 the possibility of predicting a query term to be translated or not; 2 whether the prediction can effectively improve CLIR performance; and 3 how untranslated OOV and various translations of non-OOV terms affect CLIR performance. This paper has proposed an approach to automatically translate unknown queries for CLIR using the dynamic Web as the corpus. The obtained experimental results have shown its effectiveness in efficiently generating translation equivalents of various unknown query terms and improving retrieval performance for conventional CLIR approaches. The most important difference between them is the fact that CLIR is based on queries  , consisting of a few words only  , whereas in CLTC each class is defined by an extensive profile which may be seen as a weighted collection of documents. In developing techniques for CLTC  , we want to keep in mind the lessons learned in CLIR. At query time  , the CLIR system may perform the construction of three types of queries  , starting from the ones formulated by users  , based on the system configuration: 1. CLIR systems need to be robust enough to tackle textual variations or errors both at the query end and at the document end. Explicitly expressing term dependency relations has produced good results in monolingual retrieval 9  , 18   , but extending that idea to CLIR has not proven to be straightforward. Query translation approaches for cross-language information retrieval CLIR can be pursued either by applying a machine translation MT system or by using a token-to-token bilingual mapping. Even for Spanish- Chinese CLIR  , we used the English projection to place documents of both languages in the reduced space where the actual CLIR-task is performed. However  , when MRD translation was supplemented with parts-of-speech POS disambiguation  , or POS and corpus-based disambiguation   , CLIR queries performed much better. We propose that translating pieces of words sequences of n characters in a row  , called character n-grams can be as effective as translating words while conveying additional benefits for CLIR. In pure thesaurus based retrieval  , documents and queries are matched through their thesaurus based representations   , with document representations derived by an indexer and query representations provided by users. As summarized by Schauble and Sheridan 24  the TREC- 6 CLIR results appear consistent with previous results in that the performances typically range between 50 and 75% of the corresponding monolingual baselines. From our perspective  , it is evident that given the nature of the TREC collections  , CLIR approaches based upon multilingual thesauri remain difficult to explore. Soergel describes a general framework for the use of multilingual thesauri in CLIR 27   , noting that a number of operational European systems employ multilingual thesauri such as UDC and LCSH for indexing and searching. Query translation  , which aims to translate queries in one language into another used in documents  , has been widely adopted in CLIR. Its correct Chinese translations result in average precision AP of 0.5914 for CLIR. Section 4 then describes the design of an experiment in which three variants of meaning matching are compared to strong monolingual and CLIR baselines. A major motivation for us to develop the cross-language meaning matching model is to improve CLIR effectiveness over a strong CLIR baseline. One of the simplest yet well performing approaches to CLIR is based on query translation using an existing Statistical Machine Translation SMT system which is treated as a black box. The fact that our approach outperformed one of the best commercial MT systems indicates that some specific translation tools designed for query translation in CLIR may be better than on-the-shelf MT systems. For evaluating the effectiveness of the CLIR system  , different standard metrics have been adopted. We also presented a revised version of the co-occurrence model. For patent search in compounding languages  , the CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than for other language pairs 3  , 7 . Recently  , approaches exploiting the use of semantics have been explored. Both NUS and NIfWP queries were divided into two subtypes  , structured and unstructured queries. However  , the performance can be improved by supplemental methods and by structuring of queries. CLIR typically involve translating queries from one language to another. In Section 2  , we review previous work on CLIR using query translation  , document translation  , and merged result sets. We proposed and evaluated a novel approach to extracting bilingual terminology from comparable corpora in CLIR. Exploiting different translation models revealed to be highly effective. In this paper  , we proposed a method to leverage click-through data to extract query translation pairs. From a statistical perspective  , the CLIR problem can be formulated as follows. This phenomenon motivates us to explore whether a query term should be translated or not. Still others are affected by the translation quality obtained. Score normalisation is not necessary for the web task  , but is relevant for other tasks like CLIR and topic tracking. Conventionally CLIR approaches 4 ,7 ,8 ,12 ,21 have focused mainly on incorporating dictionaries and domain-specific bilingual corpora for query translation 6 ,10 ,18. This is also observed in our experiments. The advantage of the dictionary-based approach is also twofold. We contrast and compare our recent work as CLIR/DLF postdoctoral fellows placed in three different institutions 2. On English-Chinese CLIR  , our focus was put on finding effective ways for query translation. 4a comparison of the retrieval results for the 25 queries. We have a large English-Chinese bilingual dictionary from LDC. Finally  , Section 8 states some conclusions. The above experiment demonstrates the effectiveness of using CLQS to suggest relevant queries for CLIR enhancement. The runs which do candidate selection fig. Corpus based methods have also been investigated independent of dictionaries. The impact of disambiguation for CLIR is debatable. Applying the research results in that area will be helpful. The effect on CLIR queries was small  , as the Finnish queries did not have many phrases. Therefore the main task in CLIR is not translating sentences but translating phrases. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR deals with the problem of finding documents written in a language different from the one used for query formulation. Two reports have measured retrieval performance as a function of resources for English-Chinese retrieval. Therefore  , it gives a good indication on the possible impact on query translation. The CLIR model described in 5 is based on the following decomposition: In particular  , the models proposed in 5  , 18  , 1 are considered. Large English- Chinese bilingual dictionaries are now available. 2 11 queries with monolingual Avg. P lower than CLIR. Despite the reasonable average percentual increase  , most of the differences are not significant. Groups experimenting with such approaches during this or former CLIR tracks include Eurospider  , IBM and the University of Montreal. A second approach we used for translation is based on automatic dictionary lookup. In this paper  , we explore several methods to improve query translation for English-Chinese CLIR. We evaluate the three proposed query translation models on CLIR experiments on TREC Chinese collections. According to Hull and Grefenstette 1996 human translation in CLIR experiments is an additional source of error. Pair-wise pvalues are shown in Table 4. Some should-not-betranslated terms inherently suffer from their ineffectiveness in CLIR. In CLIR  , given the expense of translation  , a user is likely to be interested in the top few retrieved documents. However  , it is often a reasonable choice to transliterate certain OOV words  , especially the Named Entities NEs. There are several ways to cross the language barriers in CLIR systems. Section 2 presents an overview of the works carried out in the field of CLIR systems. The Arabic topics were used in our monolingual experiments and the English topics in our CLIR experiments. Within the project Twenty-One a system is built that supports Crosslanguage Information Retrieval CLIR. Query translation is usually selected for practical reasons of eeciency. Thecompared AveP and G AveP. However  , it should be stressed that MT and IR have widely divergent concerns. Half of the topics shows an increase in average precision  , the other half a decrease. Section 3 describes our CLIR experiments with and without our automatically discovered dictionary entries. Results are presented and discussed in Section 4. They concluded that even if the translation ambiguity were solved correctly  , only limited improvement can be obtained. 3 9 queries with monolingual average precision higher than CLIR. This makes it worth finding how effective CHI is in CLIR when compared to WM1. 16  develops a cross-lingual relevancy model by leveraging the crosslingual co-occurrence statistics in parallel texts. In Section 3  , we presented a discriminative model for cross lingual query suggestion. The following list of user requirements related to CLIR was derived: Together with the observation notes  , the scenarios served to identify key factors for system design. In cross-language IR either documents or queries have to be translated. The last section summarizes this work and outlines directions for future work. We induced a bilingual lexicon from the translated corpus by treating the translated corpus as a pseudo-parallel corpus. The system achieved roughly 90% of monolingual performance in retrieving Chinese documents and 85% in retrieving Spanish documents. We define translation  , expansion  , and replacement features. Another group of useful features are CLIR features. To overcome the language barrier in cross-language information retrieval CLIR  , either queries or documents are translated into the language of their counterparts. Thus we argue that the DICT model gives a reasonable baseline. One reason is simply the cost of existing linguistic resources  , such as dictionaries. Another problem associated with the dictionary-based method is the problem in translating compound-noun phrases in a query. In this section  , we describe the approach we have adopted for addressing the CLIR problem. A gold standard that  , for each query  , provides the list of the relevant documents used to evaluate the results provided by the CLIR system. SMT-based CLIR-methods clearly outperform all others. In the following sections  , we first describe the system and the language resources employed for the TREC-8 CLIR track. In TREC-10 the Berkeley group participated only in the English-Arabic cross-language retrieval CLIR track. one such technique of implementing fuzzy text search for CLIR to solve the above mentioned problems. Thus  , the previous studies show that simple MRD-based CLIR queries perform poorly. Previous studies McCarley  , 1999 suggested that such a combination can improve CLIR performance. Research in the area of cross-language information retrieval CLIR has focused mainly on methods for translating queries. In particular we concentrate on the comparison of various query translation methods. We have explored a CLIR method for MEDLINE using only the multilingual Metathesaurus for query translation . Such approaches pursue the reduction of erroneous or irrelevant translations in hope that the CLIR performance could approach to that of monolingual information retrieval MIR. NTCIR test collection and SMART retrieval system were used to evaluate the proposed strategies in CLIR. Results showed that larger lexicon sources  , phrase translation  , and disambiguation techniques improve CLIR performance significantly and consistently on TREC-9 corpus. However  , MT systems are available for only a few pairs of languages. In comparison with MT  , this approach is more flexible. Many questions need to be answered. This year we approached TREC Genomics using a cross language IR CLIR techniques. In this work  , we have presented a CLIR system based on the combination of the usage of domain-specific multilingual ontologies i for expanding queries and ii for enriching document representation with the index in a multilingual environment. However  , except for very early work with small databases 22   , there has been little empirical evaluation of multilingual thesauri controlled vocabularies in the context of free-text based CLIR  , particularIy when compared to dictionary and corpus-based methods. There have been three main approaches to CLIR: translation via machine translation tectilques ~ad94; parallel or comparable corpora-based methods lJX195aj LL90  , SB96  , and dictionary-based methods Sa172 ,Pev72  , HG96  , BC96. CLIR has received more attention than any other querytime replacement problem in recent years  , and several effective techniques are now known. In the last decade  , however  , with the growth in the number of Web users  , the need of facing the problem of the language barriers for exchanging information has notably increased and the need for CLIR systems in everyday life has become more and more clear the recent book by J.-Y. Since the main goal of the presented work consists of exploring the impact of domain-specific semantic resources on the effectiveness of CLIR systems  , in our investigations we will focus on the strategies for matching textual inputs to ontological concepts applied to both the query and the documents in the target collection rather than on the translation of the textual query. It is caused by that statistical features reflect the underlying distribution of translated terms in the document collection  , and also that CLIR features reveal the degree of translation necessity. We have demonstrated that using statistical term similarity measures to enhance the dictionary-based query-translation CLIR method  , particularly in term disambiguation and query expansion  , can significantly improve retrieval effectiveness. Post-hoc CLIR results are reported on all 75 topics from TREC 2001 and TREC 2002. One reason is that ad-hoc CLEF tasks evaluate CLIR systems as a whole; there is no direct comparison of alternative solutions for specific system components  , such as translation strategies given a fixed set of translation resources  , or resource acquisition techniques given a fixed translation strategy. For TREC-7 and TDT-2 we had been using PRISE  , but our interest in trying out Pirkola's technique for CLIR led to our choice of Inquery for CLIR TREC-8. MRD-based approaches demonstrated to be effective for addressing the CLIR problem ; however  , when CLIR systems are applied to specific domains  , they suffer of the " Out-Of-Vocabulary " OOV issue 7. A plethora of literature about cross lingual information retrieval CLIR exists. These methods follow a very similar pattern: the query 28 or the target document set 3 is automatically translated and search is then performed using standard monolingual search. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file formats  , such as e.g. Jeff Rothenberg together with CLIR 25  envision a framework of an ideal preservation surrounding for emulation. Emulation requires sufficient knowledge from the user about the computer environment and dependencies of components. In both works  , the results demonstrated that the idea of using domain specific resources for CLIR is promising. Since then  , research in CLIR has grown to cover a wider variety of languages and techniques. Such a technique has been shown to improve CLIR performance. This more general problem will also be investigated in the CLIR track for the upcoming TREC-7 conference. Quality assessment independent of a specific application will be discussed in the following  , whereas an evaluation of the alignments for use in CLIR can be found in section 4. There are various reasons for textual variations like spelling variations  , dialectal variations  , morphological variations etc. The English NL/S and NUWP queries that provided the basis for Finnish queries  , were also used as baselines for CLIR queries see Figure 1. The syn-operator treats its operand search keys as instances of the same key. One possible way by which structuring disambiguates CLIR queries is that it enforces " conjunctive " relationships between search keys. Translating pieces of words seems odd. In this paper  , we proposed several approaches to improve dictionary-based query translation for CLIR. The latter runs the decoder directly with the new weights. WE-VS. Our new retrieval model which relies on the induction of word embeddings and their usage in the construction of query and document embeddings is described in sect. Sometimes such expressions are written identically in different languages and no translation is needed. CLIR systems' proven ability to rank news stories might not transfer readily to other genres such as medical journal articles – a point also raised by 16. We outline the corpus-based CLIR methods and a MT-based approach  , with pointers to the literature where detailed descriptions can be found. All of the correlation values exceed 0.6  , and therefore are statistically highly significant. We propose a novel approach to learning from comparable corpora and extracting a bilingual lexicon. Successful translation of OOV terms is one of the challenges of CLIR. A Chinese topic contains four parts: title  , description  , narrative and key words relevant to whole topic. This implies users would prefer them  , but the technique is rarely deployed in actual IR systems. Interestingly  , both systems obtained best results by using French as source language 4 . Disambiguation of multiplesense terms by estimating co-occurrence for each chandi- date3 has also shown evident accuracy enhancement. In this section  , we discuss the effect of translating OOV and non-OOV query terms on CLIR. For those ineffective OOV terms LRMIR < 0  , not-translating such terms is beneficial to CLIR performance. We also verify that translating should-be-translated terms indeed helps improve CLIR performance across various translation methods   , retrieval models  , and benchmarks. According to the authors  , it appears that document translation performs at least as well as query translation. For TREC-6  , the CLIR track topics were developed centrally at NIST Schäuble and Sheridan  , 1998. They found that users were able to reliably assess the topical relevance of translated documents . Only the umd99b1" and umd99c1" runs contributed to the relevance assessment pools. But in our CLIR system  , in some degree  , word disambiguation has not taken some obvious affect to retrieval efficiency. After that  , we submit four runs for CLIR official evaluation this year. TREC-8 marks the first occasion for CLARITECH to participate in the CLIR track. With our TREC-8 submission  , we are in a position to assess how well our techniques extend to European languages. For CLIR involving more than two languages  , we decompose the task into bilingual retrieval from the source language to the individual target languages  , then merge the retrieval results. While there is little research on using syntactic approaches for resolving translation ambiguity for CLIR  , linguistic structures have been successfully exploited in other applications. This study explores the relationship between the quality of a translation resource and CLIR performance. The upper two figures are for AP88-89 dataset  , and the lower two are for WSJ87-88 dataset. Arabic  , the same retrieval system was also used for monolingual experiments. The TREC-9 collection contains articles published in Hong Kong Commercial Daily  , Hong Kong Daily News  , and Takungpao. As discussed earlier  , direct comparisons with other techniques have been a problem because lexicons in most MT systems are inaccessible. Table 3shows the retrieval results of our CLIR system on TREC5C and TREC9X. Once a list of monolingual results has been retrieved in each collection   , all the lists are merged to produce a multilingual result list. In cultures where people speak both Chinese and English  , using mixed language is a common phenomenon. On English-Chinese CLIR of TREC5 and TREC6  , we obtained 75.55% of monolingual effectiveness using our approach. The main aim of our participation in the cross-language track this year was to try different combinations of various individual cross-language information retrieval CLIR approaches. This is because even though we invested considerable effort  , we were not able to locate an offthe-shelf German Italian machine translation system. shows Kendall's rank correlations with the NTCIR-3 CLIR Chinese data for all pairs of IR metrics considered in this study. We used the English document collection from the NTCIR- 4 1 CLIR task and the associated 50 Chinese training topics. We therefore omitted Model 4 for the English- Chinese pair. The wordlist contains about 145 ,000 entries. Thus  , we both use a Japanese corpus to validate the hypothetical katakana sequences. The co-occurrence technique can also be used to reduce ambiguity of term translations. Similarly to last year  , CLIR track participants were asked to retrieve documents from a multilingual pool containing documents in four different languages. Another advantage of the proposed method is that it can automatically extract the popular sense of the polysemous queries. Nevertheless  , it is arguable that accurate query translation may not be necessary for CLIR. For example  , in 12  , syntactic dependency was exploited for resolving word sense ambiguity. Our experimental results will show that the probabilistic model may achieve comparable performances to the best MT systems. The results we have obtained already showed clearly the feasibility of using Web parallel documents for model training. A CLIR BMIR-J2 collection was constructed by manually translating the Japanese BMIR-J2 requests into English. In previous work on direct word-for-word translation  , Ballesteros and Croft 1 reported CLIR effectiveness 60% below monolingual. Our comparable results for the direct run indicated performance 81% below monolingual. CLIR methods involving machine translation systems  , bilingual dictionaries  , parallel and comparable collections are currently being  explored. Disambiguation strategies are typically employed to reduce translation errors. Thus  , our second measure is average interpolated precision at 0.10 recall. We utilize linguistic Ling  , statistical Stat  , and CLIR features f si of query term si to capture its characteristics from different aspects. CLIR features are the key to learning what characteristics make a term favorable or adverse for translation. Note that the English and Chinese documents are not parallel texts. Realizing what factors determine translation necessity is important. Both tasks use topic models to retrieve similar documents. We distinguish preretrieval and post-retrieval data merging methods. A key resource for many approaches to cross-language information retrieval CLIR is a bilingual dictionary bidict. Query translation research has developed along two broad directions  , typically referred to as " dictionary-based " and " corpus-based " techniques. 2 11 queries with monolingual average precision lower than CLIR. Researchers have used various language pairs Copyright is held by the author/owner. The probabilistic approach will be compared empirically with two popular CLIR techniques  , structural query translation and machine translation MT. Studies that used MT systems for CLIR include Ballesteros and Croft 1998; Oard 1998. WEAVER was used to induce a bilingual lexicon for our approach to CLIR. Its performance is around 85% of monolingual retrieval. Term disambiguation has been a subject of intensive study in CLIR Ballesteros  , 1998. The paper will also offer explanations  , why these methods have positive effects. This has a depressing effect on CLIR performance  , as such expressions are often prime keys in queries. Besides the above phrase translation method  , we also use another two methods in our Chinese-English CLIR system: CEMT-based method and dictionary-based method. These context-sensitive token translation probabilities can then be used in the same way as context-independent probabilities. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file format. Section 3 discusses methods for evaluating the alignments and section 4 shows the application of alignments in a CLIR system. For application in a CLIR system  , pairs from classes 1 through 4 are likely to help for extracting good terms. A technique for translating queries indirectly using parallel corpora has been proposed by Sheridan & Ballerini 19  , 20. In this paper  , we present an approach facing the third scenario. This problem has been addressed in two different ways in the literature. In the provided evaluation   , the gold standard was manually created by the domain experts. This further enrichment of the documents representation permits to increase the effectiveness of the CLIR system. However  , the combined use of the two ontologies is destructive with respect to the use of the sole Organic. Lingua one. Our method of fuzzy text search could be used in any type of CLIR system irrespective of their underlying retrieval models. The former reuses hypergraphs/lattices produced with the MIRA-tuned weights and applies new weights to find an alternative  , CLIR-optimized  , derivation. The user may not be proficient at reading a foreign language  , so could not be expected to look through more than the top retrieved documents. Figure 2: Comparison of CLIR performance on heterogeneous datasets using both short and long queries. In 19  , for example  , an IR-like technique is used to find statistical association between words in two languages. The use of the combined dictionary is motivated by previous studies 9  , 17  , which showed that larger lexicon resource improves CLIR performance significantly. EuroWordNet has a small phrase vocabulary  , which we anticipated would reduce the effectiveness of our CLIR system. Many applications of CLIR rely on large bilingual translation resources for required language pairs. Hence  , this approach bears high potential for CLIR tasks. The problem of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR extends the information retrieval framework by assuming that queries and documents are not in the same language. Particular difficulties exist in languages where there are no clearly defined boundaries between words as is the case with Chinese text. For example  , AbdulJaleel and Larkey describe a transliteration technique 1  that they successfully applied in English- Arabic CLIR. English stop words were removed from the English document collection  , and the Porter stemmer 13  was used to reduce words to stems. Our English-Chinese CLIR experiments used the MG 14 search engine. No statistically significant improvements over the baseline were observed for the fine fax resolution or the standard fax resolution not shown. In section 4  , we describe the use of query expansion techniques. In CLIR  , queries can be expanded prior to translation  , after translation or both before and after translation. 3 9 queries with monolingual Avg. P higher than CLIR. On its own the CLIR approach gives varying results: some topics benefit from the reweighting of important query terms and the expansion with tokens related to the detected biomedical concepts. One Arabic monolingual run and four English-Arabic cross-language runs were submitted. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 11. With the explosion of on-line non-English documents  , crosslanguage information retrieval CLIR systems have become increasingly important in recent years. extracted from parallel sentences in French and English  , the performance of CLIR is improved. We investigate the retrieval ability of our new vector space retrieval model based on bilingual word embeddings by comparing it to the set of standard MoIR and CLIR models. LM-UNI  , which was the best scoring MoIR model  , is now outscored by the other two models which rely on structured semantic representations. For a parallel corpus  , we use Brown et al's statistical machine translation models Brown et al  , 1993 to automatically induce a probabilistic bilingual lexicon. The syn-operator was used in structured CLIR queries; the words of the same facet were combined by the syn-operator. Disambiguation through increasing the weight of relevant search keys is an important way of disambiguation Hull  , 1997. This is made more critical as the number of languages represented in electronic media continues to expand . Furthermore  , post-translation expansion is capable of improving CLQS-based CLIR. We first explored the viability of no-translation CLIR on a broader range of disparate language pairs than has been heretofore reported. However  , the accuracy of query translation is not always perfect. NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 CLIR tasks also provide English and Chinese documents  , which are used as the source and target language corpora  , respectively. The coefficient of determination R 2 measures how well future outcomes are likely to be predicted by the statistical models. We use NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 English-Chinese tasks for evaluation and consider both <title> and <desc> fields as queries. It shows that T is influenced by intrinsic ineffectiveness  , semantic recovery by query expansion  , or poor translation quality. Our goal is to assess the UMLS Metathesaurus based CLIR approach within this context. We also show that such dictionaries contribute to CLIR performance . In this study we presented a novel fuzzy translation technique based on automatically generated transformation rules and fuzzy matching. One of them is based on cognates  , for which untranslatable and/or similar terms in case of close languages are used for matching the query. We argue that these variations can be captured by successfully matching training resources to target corpora. This simple scenario is modified in the context of CLIR  , where   , dN } consists of only those documents that are in the same language and script  , i.e. This paper's main contribution is a novel approach to CTIR. Since all of our models require large sets of relevance-ranked training data  , e.g. The evaluation metric is Mean Average Precision MAP. Informal tests " viewing the interaction with a CLIR system available on the Web ARCTOS and machine-translated web pages Google. CLIR is to retrieve documents in one language target language providing queries in another language source language. Although different resources or techniques are used  , all these methods try to generate the best target queries. Only the title and description fields of the topics were used in query formulation. Clearly a need for enhanced resources is felt. We have used it for three popular languages Hindi  , Bengali and Marathi which use Brahmi origin scripts. This is called the ambiguity problem in CLIR. Related work on alignment has been going on in the field of computational linguistics for a number of years. Evaluating document-level alignments can have fundamentally different goals. The full topic statements were used for all runs  , and the evaluation used relevance assessments for 21 queries. Much of the research conducted in this area has focused on supporting more effective cross-language information retrieval CLIR. The knowledge source used in English-Chinese-oriented CLIR system mainly includes dictionary knowledge and Chinese Synonym Dictionary. In addition  , stopword list and word morphological resumption list are also utilized in our system. Ogden and Davis 19 were among the first to study the utility of CLIR systems in interactive settings. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 18. In Section 2  , we describe the various components of CLIR systems  , existing approaches to the OOV problem  , and explain the ideas behind the extensions we have developed. While each of the above phases involve different tech-niques  , they are all inter-related. Table 1provides some statistics of the data. 3 report on CLIR experiments for French and Spanish using the same test collection as we do OHSUMED  , and the UMLS Metathesaurus for query translation  , achieving 71% of baseline for Spanish and 61 % for French. One principled solution to this problem is Pirkola's structured query method 6. This is an encouraging result that shows the approach based on a probabilistic model may perform very well. multi Searcher deals with several CLIR issues. We proposed a context-based CLIR tool  , to support the user  , in having a certain degree of confidence about the translation. We performed one Chinese monolingual retrieval run and three English-Chinese cross-language retrieval runs. A good MT system  , if available  , may perform query translation of reasonable quality for CLIR purposes. We return to the issue of vocabulary coverage later in the paper. An underlying assumption in this approach is that the initial manual translation is accurate  , and that it can be unambiguously translated back to the original Japanese query. We had found that dividing the RSV by the query length helps to normalize scores across topics. Corpus-based approaches are also popular. We employed the query translation approach to CLIR by translating the English queries and retrieve in monolingual Chinese. Overall  , both translations are quite adequate for CLIR. The Natural Language Systems group at IBM participated in three tracks at TREC-8: ad hoc  , SDR and cross-language. Full document translation for large collections is impractical  , thus query translation is a viable alternative. Newly borrowed technical words and foreign proper names are often written in Japanese using a syllabic alphabet called katakana. Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval CLIR addresses the problem of ranking documents whose language differs from the query language. In this section  , we present the results of our CLIR experiments on TREC Chinese corpora. We focused on translation of phrases  , which has been demonstrated to be one of most effective ways to obtain more accurate translations. CLIR experiments in the literature have used multilingual   , document-aligned corpora  , where documents in one language are paired with their translation in the other. We used four graded-relevance data sets from the TREC robust track and the NTCIR CLIR task: some statistics are shown in Table 1. N and R denote the number of judged nonrelevant and relevant documents. Their correct translation therefore is crucial for good performance of machine translation MT and cross-language information retrieval CLIR systems. This can be attributed to the presence of compounds  , which leads to higher rates of OOV compound For patent search in compounding languages  , the CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than for other language pairs 3  , 7 . In this paper  , we propose to use CLQS as an alternative to query translation  , and test its effectiveness in CLIR tasks. This also shows the strong correspondence between the input French queries and English queries in the log. For each English word a precise equivalent was given. As a result  , many nonrelevant documents are ranked high. Levow and Oard  , 1999 studied the impact of lexicon coverage on CLIR performance. In our experiments  , we used SYSTRAN version 3.0 http://www.systransoft.com for query and document translation. Extending this to CLIR is straightforward given a multilingual thesaurus. Selected English Phrases: therapy  , replacement Final English Query: causation  , cancer  , thorax  , estrogens   , therapy  , replacement Since we have follow up refinement steps in our CLIR approach  , we set M  , the number of concepts identified for each query  , to 15. Their concern was evaluated on a whole query  , whereas we think every single term has its own impact on CLIR performance. We denote tj as the corresponding translation of si in target language. As linguistic  , statistical and CLIR features are complementary  , we use all of the features in the following experiments. Based on the pre-trained model  , we'd like to test if we can improve the CLIR performance with 4 different translation strategies. Each strategy generates its own tj given source term si. " Context features are useful for predicting translation quality. In brief sum  , " to-translate-or-not-to-translate " is influenced by various and complicated causes. How to efficiently translate unknown terms in short queries has  , therefore  , become a major challenge for real CLIR systems 4 ,7. This section presents two methods of combining dictionary and spelling evidence in the framework given by Eq. Use of the alignments for CLIR gives excellent results  , proving their value for realworld applications. However  , the degrees of improvement are not similar for all the query sets. CLIR is concerned with the problem of a user formulating a query in one language in order to retrieve documents in several other languages. The proposed CLIR system manages a collection of documents containing multilingual information as well as user queries that may be performed in any language supported by the system. The CLIR system has been evaluated by adopting three different configurations and the results have been compared with the gold standard  , according to the metrics described above. This paper explores flat and hierarchical PBMT systems for query translation in CLIR. The lower similarity between CVMR and CVMF M can be explained by training data Table 3: Test results for combined CLIR models see Table 2. Some dictionary-based and corpus-based methods perform almost as well as monolingual retrieval 7  , 8  , 9. Future research includes collecting more interview data and developing a thesaurus of English terms used in CLIR to enhance traditional or monolingual controlled vocabularies. There are three broad types of CLIR systems: those based on query translation  , those based on document translation  , and those that use some aspects of both 15. Our tests in TREC8 showed that using Web documents to train a probabilistic model is a reasonable approach. We evaluated three multilingual data merging methods to obtain a single ranked list for the purpose of TREC-8 CLIR track submission. In distinction from the earlier TREC-5/6 Chinese corpus  , these sources were written in the traditional Chinese character set and encoded in BIG5. In addition to the specific results reported by each research team  , the evaluation produced the first large Arabic information retrieval test collection. Finding a good monolingual IR method is a prerequisite for CLIR. The MAP were cross-language runs  , not monolingual runs. It can reduce translation error by 45% over automatic translation bringing CLIR performance up from 42% to 68% of monolingual performance. This is still well below a monolingual baseline  , but irnprovedphrasrd translations should help to narrow the gap. This amounts to no sense disambiguation for query words. As indicated in Table 1Figure 1: Comparison of CLIR performance on homogeneous datasets using both short and long queries. The second approach is to project document vectors from one language into another using cross-language information retrieval CLIR techniques. When we embarked on this line of research  , we did not find any publications addressing the area of Cross-Lingual Text Categorization as such. In CLIR  , we need a relevance model for both the source language and the target language. The second can be obtained using either a parallel corpus or a bi-lingual lexicon giving translation probabilities. In CLTC  , for performing translations we shall have to use similar linguistic resources as in CLIR. Since our resources are less than ideal  , should we compensate by implementing pre-and post-expansion ? Finally  , we combined the various transitive runs to determine whether triangulated retrieval is useful in the absence of translation resources. The corpora consisted of comparable news articles in Hindi  , Bengali  , and Marathi collected during 2004 to 2007. Our paired T-test results indicate that our retrieval scores are statistically significant. But combining these sources would presumably improve effectiveness of CTIR  , much as evidence combination has aided CLIR 25. More specifically  , the problem is considered solved if high-quality training resources parallel text  , online dictionaries  , multi-lingual thesauri  , etc. Challenges for domainspecific CLIR  , in particular the problem of distinguishing domainspecific meanings  , have been noted in 12. more likely to be a person or entity vs. medical domain documents more likely to be a chemical. Section 4 discusses our CLIR approaches. Note that all the documents in a typical CLIR setup are assumed to be written in the corresponding native scripts. The commercial versions of the dictionaries were converted automatically to CLIR versions by removing from them all other material except for actual dictionary words. For these reasons  , a special dictionary alleviates the translation polysemy problem  , in which the translation of one source language word to many target language words causes fuzziness in CLIR queries. Future research should concentrate on finding methods by which the performance of CLIR queries could be improved further. Still another method that would be worth studying is data fusion; different translation methods produce different result lists. There are two main scenarios where the user input could be incorporated into the system to enhance multilingual information retrieval: 1. Section 6 compares CLIR performance of our system with monolingual IR performance. We proposed and evaluated a probabilistic CLIR retrieval system. To our knowledge  , this is the first systematic comparison of those models on the task of English to Chinese CLIR on gold test sets. The following three runs were performed in our Chinese to English CLIR experiments: 1. Kraaij 8 showed successful use of the widely used BableFish 6 translation service based on Systran. Without any English OOV terms  , our translated queries achieved 86.7% of the monolingual result. In order to assess the value of what we have done  , we tested the usefulness of the newly derived dictionaries on a medical document collection. They use probabilities derived from the target language corpus to choose one transliteration  , reporting improved CLIR results  , similar to ours. This work evaluated a number of search strategies for the retrieval of Arabic documents  , using the TREC Arabic corpus as the test bed. Example-based method can provide very good translation results but the similarity computation between sentences is quite complex. Hull & Grefenstette 10 demonstrated that the retrieval performance of queries produced using manual phrase translation was significantly better than that of queries produced by simple word-forword  dictionary-based translation. No tools such as part of speech taggers  , stemmers and separate corpora are involved. Though these works have brought significant improvement in translation accuracy  , they eventually tried to translate as many terms as possible  , which we believe is not always an effective approach in CLIR. Particularly  , they incorporate dictionaries   , bilingual corpora  , or the Web to estimate the probability of translation ptj|si  , Qs. Usage of correct translations shall help reveal the necessity of translation. The basic formulae are a straightforward generalization of Darwish's PSQ technique with one important difference: no translation direction is specified. An important reason for this is that there is an implicit query expansion effect during translation because related words/phrases may be added. This indicates that the coverage of the dictionary is still an important problem to be solved to improve the performance of CLIR. We will extensively use this property during the construction of our MoIR and CLIR models. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 6. Besides the well-known Precision and Recall measure  , other metrics are widely used in the IR community. We expect similar improvements on CLIR  , and this will be confirmed by our experiments. This expansion task is very similar to the translation selection in CLIR. This section tries to point out similarities and differences of the presented approach with respect to other statistical IR models presented in the literature. Already  , the current results indicate that an automatically constructed parallel corpus may be a reasonable resource for CLIR. In this paper  , we investigated the possibility of replacing MT with a probabilistic model for CLIR. The numbers in table 1 show that the CLIR approach in general outperforms our baseline. In this paper  , decompounding German words is realized by an approach which has been employed in domain-specific CLIR 2. The decompounding is based on selecting the decomposition with the smallest number of words and the highest decomposition probability . 2 It is helpful for CLIR since it can extract semantically relevant queries in target language. One advantage of the proposed method is that it can extract relevant translations to benefit CLIR. Typically  , queries are translated either using a bilingual dictionary 22  , a machine translation software 9 or a parallel corpus 20. Even if this point of view is not original  , neither for IR 1 nor for CLIR Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. We sought to answer three questions: 1 what is the best that can be done using freely available resources; 2 how w ell does Pirkola's method for accommodating multiple candidate translations work on the TREC CLIR collection; and 3 would building a single index be more eeective than building separate indices for each language ? McCarley 28 trained a statistical MT system from a parallel corpus  , applied it to perform QT and DT  , and showed that the combination of scores from QT and DT drastically improved either method alone. Other specific works on CLIR within the multilingual semantic web may be found in 17 and 18   , while a complete overview of the ongoing research on CLIR is available at the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum CLEF 3   , one of the major references concerning the evaluation of multilingual information access systems. The assumption behind such mechanism is that queries are consistently used in one language. Only Translations: query terms are translated into the reference language used for retrieving documents. Since the evaluation of the Organic . Lingua CLIR system is based on the methodology introduced by CLEF 21 ,22  , the same metrics will be used for evaluating the described system. The question of how well the findings apply to a range of different collections remains open; however  , the fact that AP and SDA are quite dissimilar gives hope that a lot of data can be aligned. Translation polysemy is a phenomenon   , in which the number of word senses increases when a source language word is translated to a target language by replacing it with all of its target language equivalents. Ballesteros and Croft 1997 studied the effect of corpus-based query expansion on CLIR performance  , and found that expansion helped to counteract the negative effects of translation failures. Thus  , in unstructured CLIR queries unimportant search keys and irrelevant translation equivalents tend to dominate and depress the effect of important keys. Note how the term o~feoporosis has relatively more weight in the structured queries. Through our experiments  , we showed that each of the above methods leads to some improvement  , and that the combined approach significantly improves CLIR performance. In other words  , given the rank order produced through the use of one translation  , what would be the effect of treating the other word as part of the same cluster ? Thus  , a monolingual retrieval engine does not need to be altered after translating queries into the target language. where f w ,k ∈ R denotes the score for the k-th inter-lingual feature associated with w within the dim-dimensional shared inter-lingual embedding space. For EN→DE  , MAP is even slightly higher  , due to hyphenated compounds in the German translation of recovered topics  , i.e. To investigate the scientific knowledge inherent in patent retrieval  , we also used the NTCIR-3 CLIR test collection consisting of two years of newspaper articles  , and compared the results obtained with different genres of documents. Finally  , CLIR can be achieved by using the described document placement methods to place documents of different languages in the same map. While languages like Chinese and Japanese use multiple scripts 24  , they may not illustrate the true complexity of the MSIR scenario envisaged here because there are standard rules and preferences for script usage and well defined spellings rules. 10 used CLIR followed by MT to find domain-specific articles in a resource-rich language  , in order to use them for language modeling in a resource-poor language. This calculation results in a matrix of term-term associations  , which we use for query translation in the same manner as the matrix of translation probabilities in WM1. In this paper  , we return to first principles to derive an approach to CLIR that is motivated by cross-language meaning matching. For example  , to find documentlangauge synonyms  , we computed: Because statistical wordto-word translation models were available for use in our CLIR experiments  , we elected to find candidate synonyms by looking for words in the same language that were linked by a common translation. Model 4 seeks to achieve better alignments by modeling systematic position variations; that is an expensive step not commonly done for CLIR experiments . Figure 3shows the MAP of the top five official monolingual French runs from CLEF 2001. In addition  , the baseline PSQ technique exhibited the same decline in MAP near the tail of the translation probability distribution i.e. The latter finding suggests the necessity of combining bidirectional translation with synonymy knowledge. For the experiments reported below  , a greedy method was used  , with replacements retained in order of decreasing probability until a preset threshold on the cumulative probability was first exceeded. Even with a higher baseline of monolingual with expansion  , combining the CO method with expansion can still yield up to 88% of monolingual performance . Cross language information retrieval CLIR is often based on using a bilingual translation dictionary to translate queries from a source language to the target language in which the documents to be retrieved are written e.g. These solutions  , and others  , such as considering CLIR as spell- correction 2  , will all work reasonably well if the two languages in question are linguistically historically related and possess many cognates. We have been experimenting with a method for automatically creating candidate Japanese transliterated versions of English words. Our baseline bilingual CLIR lexicon is based on EDICT 4   , a widely used Japanese-to-English wordlist that contains a list of Japanese words and their English translations. However the issue is more difficult in Chinese as many characters have the same sound  , and many English syllables do not have equivalent sounds in Chinese  , meaning that selecting the correct characters to represent a transliterated word can be problematic. As shown in Table 2  , the extracted top translations are closely related to the source query  , even though sometimes they are not the translation equivalent of the source query. Therefore  , if a candidate for CLQS appears often in the query log  , then it is more likely the appropriate one to be suggested. Despite the various types of resources used  , out-of-vocabulary OOV words and translation disambiguation are the two major bottlenecks for CLIR 20. To overcome this knowledge bottleneck  , web mining has been exploited in 7  , 27  to acquire English- Chinese term translations based on the observation that Chinese terms may co-occur with their English translations in the same web page. The improvement on TREC French to English CLIR task by using CLQS demonstrates the high quality of the suggested queries. This  , however  , does not compromise our results since our experiments are aimed at comparing the performance of two different CLIR methods and not at comparing different search engine architectures. Moreover  , the search engine we employ is more in line with current clinical and Web retrieval engines and the requirements they have to fulfill. Various translation methodologies such as phrasal translation or sense disambiguation have brought significant improvements in CLIR. Translations with non-negative LRT D are regarded having good translation quality  , as they perform as well as or better than correct translation in the benchmarks. Documents of a comparable collection may be aligned at the document  , sentence or even word level. As reported in 24  , another interesting angle in the CLIR track is the approach taken by Cornell University wherein they exploit the fact that there are many similar looking words between French and English   , i.e. On the CLIR task  , due to the nature of the evaluation metric  , the computation time for MAP  , DO and HSA  , while being different for each metric  , is equal across the different model configurations. The issue of CLIR has also been explored in the cultural heritage domain. The question answering task in the interactive track of the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum iCLEF is an example of that more comprehensive perspective 8 . Our work involved two aspects: Finding good methods for Chinese IR  , and finding effective translation means between English and Chinese. We reused the same corpus-based methods that we utilized last year with considerable success  , while experimenting with using a number of off-the-shelf machine translation products.  The Salmone Arabic-to-English dictionary  , which was made available for use in the TREC-CLIR track by Tufts University. The first experiment CLARITdmwf used preretrieval data merging  , i.e. The goal of the track is to facilitate research on systems that are able to retrieve relevant documents regardless of the language a document happens to be written in. There was some concern over the test collection built in the TREC 2001 CLIR track in that the judgment pools were not as complete as they ideally would be. This presents a number of challenges  , primarily the problem of translation. Ballesteros 3 researched a transitive scheme and techniques to overcome word ambiguity. The availability of test collection and translation resources was the overriding factor determining our choice of languages. Examination of it suggested that the best choice of query language was German  , as its vocabulary coverage in EuroWordNet was reasonable. Thus  , the collection used for this investigation was the English corpus from the TREC8 CLIR Track and the 28 German and English queries from the same track for which relevance judgements are available. In this paper  , we investigate several approaches to translate an IR query into a different language. However  , when a query is truly ambiguous and multiple possible translations need to be considered  , a translation based CLIR approach can perform poorly. Because of the first point  , the rarity of electronic sources for translation  , investigators may be drawn to use the resources most readily available to them  , rather than those best suited for bilingual retrieval. In order to differentiate the source language from the target language  , a superscript s is used for any variable related to the source language and a superscript t is used for any variable related to the target language. All three were formed from the UN parallel corpus and the Buckwalter lexicon using the same procedure described in Section 3. Although their impact on CLIR performance is small  , spelling normalization and stemming are still useful because they reduce the need for memory because there are fewer entries in the lexicon and they improve the retrieval speed by simplifying the score computation. In CEMT-based method  , we use a CEMT system named TransEasy 4 to translate the queries into English. We use a probabilistic cross-lingual retrieval system  , whose theoretical basis is probabilistic generation of a query in one language from a document in another. For TREC-9  , the CLIR task used Chinese documents from Hong Kong. Once we had a dictionary in a suitable format  , we used it with our existing Dictionary-based Query Translation DQT routines to translate the query from English into the language of one of the four language-speciic CLIR subcollections no translation was needed for the English subcollection. The first three of them are automatic query translation run  , using our word segmentation approach for indexing  , while the monolingual run we submit uses n-gram based segmentation. As an alternative  , we also explored three ways of incorporating translation probabilities directly into the formulae: 1. Experimental evaluation of the CLIR model were performed on the Italian-to-English bilingual track data used in the CLEF 2000 C0 and CLEF 2001 C1 evaluations. In order to create broadly useful systems that are computationally tractable  , it is common in information retrieval generally  , and in CLIR in particular  , to treat terms independently . The key insight between what we call meaning matching is to apply that same perspective directly to CLIR. Figure 4 shows the relative English-French CLIR effectiveness as compared to the monolingual French baseline. However  , in both cases  , the best DAMM was statistically indistinguishable from the best IMM. There are other variants of cross-language meaning matching  , depending on translation in which direction is used and synonymy knowledge in which language is used. But for unrelated languages  , such as English and Japanese  , a word missing from the dictionary has little chance of matching any pertinent string in the other language text. Despite promising experimental results with each of these approaches   , the main hurdle to improved CLIR effectiveness is resolving ambiguity associated with translation. However  , CLIR is a difficult problem to solve on the basis of MT alone: queries that users typically enter into a retrieval system are rarely complete sentences and provide little context for sense disambiguation. In particular  , if the user intends to perform CLIR  , then original query is even more likely to have its correspondent included in the target language query log. Our experiments showed that the decaying co-occurrence model performs better than the standard co-occurrence model  , and brings significant improvements over the simple dictionary approaches in CLIR. The translation resource was EuroWordNet  , a multilingual thesaurus consisting of WordNets for various European languages including those used in TREC CLIR queries 20. However  , the relatively poor performance of the translation component of our test CLIR system was not a major concern to us  , as it remained a constant throughout our experiments. Such a study will help identify good candidate pivot languages. When compared with previous results we see that Spanish CLIR using the Metathesaurus for query translation is on the high end of the performance range of 50- 75% of baseline scores observed with approaches based on dictionaries with or without information extracted from corpora 12  , 3  , 7  , 14. Yet 10  focused merely on evaluating the performance of a whole query and did not give insight into the effect of translation for each query term. The focus of previous works1  , 4 did key-term selection in the mono-lingual environment; however  , our discovery of various causes such as pre-and post-translation query expansion would influence the preference of translation in CLIR. Finally   , a larger R 2 can be achieved by including more features for training. InQuery's synonym operator was originally designed to support monolingual thesaurus expansion  , so it estimates TF and DF as follows 11 Pirkola appears to have been the first to try separately estimating TF and DF for query terms in a CLIR application 13  , using the InQuery synonym operator to implement what he called " structured queries. " In general  , language modeling approaches to retrieval rely on collection frequency CF in place of DF: Corpus-based approaches to CLIR have generally developed within a framework based on language modeling rather than vector space models  , at least in part because modern statistical translation frameworks offer a natural way of integrating translation and language models 19. Inclusion of rare translations in a CLIR application was shown to be problematic for all three methods  , however. Use of only the most likely of those translations turned out to be an effective expedient  , but only when an appropriate threshold on cumulative probability was selected. The combination of our approach with the MT system leads to a high effectiveness of 105% of that of monolingual IR. Experience has shown that several factors make it hard to obtain statistically significant results in CLIR evaluations . The goal of cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR is to find documents in one language for queries in another language. Therefore  , we cannot draw a firm conclusion about the retrieval advantage of probabilistic CLIR without further study. Figure  1shows the results. For retrieving newspaper articles  , we used <DESCRIPTION> and a combination of <DESCRIPTION> and <NARRATIVE>  , extracted from all 42 topics in the NTCIR-3 CLIR collection. While NEs have been worked on extensively in IR and CLIR  , transliterated queries where the text  , in addition to NE  , is represented in the script of another language  , typically English  , have not received adequate attention. Experiments on the TREC-5/6 English-Chinese CLIR task show that our new approach yields promising although not statistically significant improvements over that baseline. In future work we plan to try this approach for document translation where we would expect greater benefit from context  , although with higher computational cost  , at least in experimental settings. This task is similar to cross-language information retrieval CLIR  , and so we will refer to it as cross-temporal retrieval CTIR. On the other hand  , there is a rich literature addressing the related problem of Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval CLIR. Two approaches can be distinguished: 1. translation-based systems either translate queries into the document language or languages  , or they translate documents into the query language 2. In this case  , the alignments help overcome the problem of different RSV scales. Results for the strategies just described on the TREC-6 CLIR collection are presented in the following: Figure 2shows a comparison of using alignments alone  , using a dictionary pseudo-translation and then using both methods combined  , i.e. doing initial retrieval using a dictionary translation  , and then improving this translation using the alignments  , as outlined above. Some caution is appropriate with regard to the scope of the conclusions because this was the first year with a CLIR task at the TREC conference  , and the size of the query set was rather small. Cross-language retrieval supports the users of multilingual document collections by allowing them to submit queries in one language  , and retrieve documents in any of the languages covered by the retrieval system. Several studies recognized that the problem of translating OOV has a significant impact on the performance of CLIR systems 8 ,9. In the following subsections  , we will present the results obtained with the different configurations adopter for evaluating the proposed CLIR system. Indeed  , in all experiments performed on our document collection  , the usage sole or combined of the two described ontologies outperformed our baseline. The implemented approach has been applied to a document collection built in the context of the Organic. Lingua EU-funded project where documents are domain-specific and where they have been annotated with concepts coming from domain-specific ontologies. We opt for ADD-BASIC as the composition model unless noted otherwise. This provides ground truth to evaluate the effectiveness of the two translation approaches discussed above: machine translation in this case  , we used Google Translate 1  and direct vector projection using the CLIR approach. Thus  , the collections in two languages are converted into a single collection of document vectors in the target language . Thus  , the computation cost of the maximum coherence model is modest for real CLIR practice  , if not overestimated. Intrinsic to the problem is a need to transform the query  , document  , or both  , into a common terminological representation  , using available translation resources. The effectiveness of both corpus and dictionary-based resources was artificially lowered by randomly translating different proportions of query terms  , simulating variability in the coverage of resources. Since the main purpose of these experiments was to examine if the proposed approach can help conventional approaches for CLIR  , we simply used some basic techniques of query expansion and phrase translation in our experiments. The task of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR addresses a situation when a query is posed in one language but the system is expected to return the documents written in another language. The goals of our fellowship are to raise awareness of the need for proper data management and preservation as well as to promote data curation as a professional activity. For CLIR  , the requirements are much less: It only requires the model to provide a list of the most probable translation words without taking into account syntactic aspects. The CLIR experiments on TREC collections show that the decaying co-occurrence method performs better than the basic cooccurrence method  , and the triple translation model brings additional improvements. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 provides a brief description on the related work. As the problem of translation selection in CLIR is similar to this expansion task  , we can expect a similar effect with the decaying factor. Using pivots doubles the number of translations performed in a CLIR system  , therefore  , increasing the likelihood of translation error  , caused mainly by incorrect identification of the senses of ambiguous words. In this paper we describe English-Japanese CLIR experiments using the standard BMIR-J2 Japanese text collection 4. Our approach to CLIR takes advantage of machine translation MT to prepare a source-language query for use in a target-language retrieval task. The success of dictionary-based CLIR depends on the coverage of the dictionary  , tools for conflating morphological variants  , phrase and proper name recognition  , as well as word sense disam- biguation 13 . We consider automatic lexicon acquisition techniques to be a key issue for any sort of dictionary-based efforts in IR  , CLIR in particular . In this paper we present a system for cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR working over the multilingual corpora of European Legislation Acquis Communautaire 1. For what concerns the query-document model  , this is often referred to as language model approach and has been already applied for monolingual IR see the extensive review in 19 and CLIR 5. Our CLIR experiments used the Lucy search engine developed by the Search Engine Group 5 at RMIT University. These terms may help focus on the query topic and bring more translated terms that together are useful for disambiguating the translation. These problems explain why CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than the monolingual runs  , even with the best translation tools of the world. On the other hand  , if we compare the probabilistic translation models with other translations means in particular  , with MT systems  , their performances are very close Nie99. We hope  , however  , that this will encourage these people to participate in the future  , thus increasing the size of the pool. These interfaces provide query translation from the source language into the target languages using bilingual dictionaries . The document collection used in the TREC-2001 CLIR track consisted of 383 ,872 newswire stories that appeared on the Agence France Press AFP Arabic Newswire between 1994 and 2000. The documents were represented in Unicode and encoded in UTF-8  , resulting in a 896 MB collection. The TREC-2001 CLIR track focussed this year on searching Arabic documents using English  , French or Arabic queries. Cross-language Information Retrieval CLIR is the task of finding documents that are written in one language e.g. 2Sakhr's Arabic/English CLIR system is one example an automated technique for converting an unstructured term-to-term translation dictionary into a structured dictionary. It is intuitive that the LM-UNI model will lead to much better results in the monolingual setting  , as the amount of shared words between different languages is typically very limited  , and therefore other representations for CLIR are sought 41 see next. Each of the approaches has shown promise  , but also has disadvantages associated with it. Automatic dictionarytranslationsareattractivebecause they are cost effective and easy to perform  , resources are ily available  , and performance is similar to that of other CLIR methods. Table 13shows the performance of each method as measured by average precision and percentage of monolingual performance  , LCA  , which typically expands queries with muki-term phrases  , is more sensitive to translation effects when pm-translation expansion is performed. Usually it is simpler and more efficient to translate queries than to translate documents because queries are generally much shorter than documents. We shall demonstrate that linguistic units such as NP and dependency triples are beneficial to query translation if they can be detected and used properly. This is consistent with the observations on general reasoning: when more information is available and is used in reasoning  , we usually obtain better results. A comparison between the two approaches will show the advantages and disadvantages of using probabilistic term translation for CLIR. The results show that dialect similarity can also affect retrieval performance. The major difference between MT-based CLIR and our approach is that the former uses one translation per term and the latter uses multiple translations. Therefore in the University of Tampere we have adopted the dictionary-based method for our CLIR studies. The results presented in this paper show that MRD-based CLIR queries perform almost as well as monolingual queries  , if domain specific MRD is used together with general MRD and queries are structured on the basis of the output of dictionaries . It is possible to address automatically the domain specific terms of queries to the correct dictionaries  , because different domains have different terminologies. Therefore  , as the study attacked the translation polysemy and the dictionary coverage problems  , the results are applicable to most languages  , even though phrases can lower the relative performance of CLIR in some languages. So they may help improve CLIR by leveraging the relevant queries frequently used by users. Moreover  , it can extract semantically relevant query translations to benefit CLIR. We are interested in realizing: whether this nice characteristic makes it possible for the bilingual translations of a large number of unknown query terms to be automatically extracted; and whether the extracted bilingual translations if any can effectively improve CLIR performance. The proposed approach was found to be effective in extracting correct translations of unknown query terms contained in the NTCIR-2 title queries and real-world Web queries. A model-based approach usually utilizes the existing statistical machine translation models that were developed by the IBM group 3. Our empirical study with documents from ImageCLEF has shown that this approach is more effective than the translation-based approach that directly applies the online translation system to translate queries. Figure 1shows that if one of the query terms is not translated x-axis  , how the corresponding AP y-axis changes using the correct translations of the rest of terms as a query. Statistical features consistently achieve better R 2 than CLIR features  , which are followed by linguistic features R 2 of linguistic features is the same across different corpora since such properties remain still despite change of languages. For a non-OOV term  , we show that if there exists an effective translation in dictionaries  , it is suggested that translating si would help CLIR performance. Groups such as ETH 15  , and a collaboration between the University of Colorado  , Duke University and Microsoft 21 investigated corpus based methods. Combining the UMLS Metathesaurus with a MEDLINE test database enables an empirical investigation of a high quality multilingual thesaurus as a resource for free-text based CLIR using two broad approaches: document translation and query translation. As anticipated  , performance is still behind dictionary independent methods using parallel corpora lo. We first showcase DO and HSA on two document similarity tasks: prior-art patent search 10 and the cross-language IR CLIR task of finding document translations 4. On the patent retrieval task  , following the experimental setup of 10  , model performance was evaluated using MAP computed over 372 queries and a test collection of 70k patents. However  , specific non-dictionary nouns and proper names often supply key evidence on the relevance of documents with respect to a query. In this case  , the distribution figures suggest that the TRT based fuzzy translation technique is viable in operational CLIR systems  , the noise being acceptable. A novel method for CLIR which exploits the structural similarity among MDS-based monolingual projections of a multilingual collection was proposed. In terms of computation  , the two methods are equally efficient since the joint and marginal probabilities used in computing PMI can be easily derived from the counts of A  , B  , C and D defined in 4.2. Another thread of research has focused on translating multiword expressions in order to deal with ambiguity 2  , 28. For example  , the industry standard leverages state-of-theart statistical machine translation SMT to translate the query into the target language  , in which standard retrieval is performed 4 . Various publications have investigated different methods of system combination for CLIR  , including logical operations on retrieved sets 3   , voting procedures based on retrieval scores 1  , or machine learning techniques that learn combination weights directly from relevance rankings 14. We evaluated our approach on the English-Chinese CLIR task of TREC-5/6: although we did not observe significant improvements  , we feel that this approach is nevertheless promising. Current methods of solving this problem have difficulty in tuning parameters and handling terms that are not registered in a dictionary  , when applied to large-scale and/or distributed digital libraries. Cross-language information retrieval CLIR has emerged as an important research area since the amount of multilingual web resources is increasing rapidly. Such records are also found in the Mainichi newspaper collection but they are excluded from the NTCIR-3 CLIR-J-J evaluation. Despite such biases  , the MEDLINE collection seems to close to the Japanese newspaper collections see Table  5 rather than the Patent collections. The discussed approach uses domain-specific ontologies for increasing the effectiveness of already-available machine translation services like Microsoft Bing 1 and Google Translate 2  by expanding the queries with concepts coming from the ontologies. In this paper we consider a specific bi-language DL—the Niupepa 1 collection—and examine how the default language setting of the DL interface affects usage. Results and performances of different models and combinations are described in The proposed two-stages model using comparable corpora '4' showed a better improvement in average precision compared to '3'  , the simple model one stage and approached the performance of the dictionary-based model '2' with 79.02%. Because statistical wordto-word translation models were available for use in our CLIR experiments  , we elected to find candidate synonyms by looking for words in the same language that were linked by a common translation. The importance of the technique and the study lies in it introduces a novel and effective way of using statistical translation knowledge for searching information across language boundaries. Based on the above consideration  , we apply example-based query phrase translation in our Chinese-English CLIR system  , and the experiments achieve good results. Regarding translation resources for CLIR  , we believe that two points are widely agreed upon:  resources are scarce and difficult to use; and  resources with greater lexical coverage are preferable. Ballesteros and Croft explored query expansion methods for CLIR and reported " combining pre-and post-translation expansion is most effective and improves precision and recall. " Their results showed that the effectiveness of cross-language retrieval was almost the same as that of monolingual retrieval. Our CLIR method uses an off-the-shelf IR system for indexing and retrieving the documents. This makes the results directly comparable to the ones reported by participants of the TREC-6 CLIR task. A variety of research has also examined the multilingual mapping of different knowledge organization systems such as thesauri or subject headings in order to support CLIR in multilingual library collections. In TREC-9  , Microsoft Research China MSRCN  , together with Prof. Jian-Yun Nie from University of Montreal  , participated for the first time in the English- Chinese Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR track. In section 3  , we describe in detail the proposed method --improved lexicon-based query term translation  , and compare with the method using a machine translation MT system in CLIR. For the Cross-Lingual Arabic Information retrieval  , our automatic effort concentrated on the two categories; English-Arabic Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR and monolingual information retrieval. We plan to use 50 new topics in the same languages and to ask participating teams to also rerun the 25 topics from this year with their improved systems as a way of further enriching the existing pools of documents that have been judged for relevance. While the libraries are focusing on the customization of existing tools  , such as the The CLIR/DLF fellow at Indiana University has been placed within the D2I Center as a liaison to the libraries. One of the projects that build upon the library-D2I partnership is the NSFfunded DataNet project  , called Sustainable Environment- Actionable Data SEAD. We have looked in detail at the OOV problem as it applies to Chinese-English and English-Chinese CLIR. The tracks consist of 33 and 47 topics  , respectively  , which are provided both in extended Title+Description+Narrative and synthetic Title+Description forms. We implemented this by starting with the most likely translation and adding additional translations in order of decreasing probability until the cumulative probability of the selected translations reached a preset threshold that was determined through experimentation using the TREC-2001 CLIR collection. Last year  , in TREC7  , we compared three possible approaches to CLIR for French and English  , namely  , the approach based on a bilingual dictionary  , the approach based on a machine translation MT system  , and the approach based on a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts. We adopted MT-based query translation as our way of bridging the language gap between the source language SL and the target language TL. Using these measures  , PRF appears beneficial in most CLIR experiments  , as using PRF seems to consistently produce higher average precision than baseline systems. In this paper  , we will describe the construction of a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts and its use in CLIR. For this  , a parallel corpus of lower quality still can provide reasonably good query translations. This paper proposed two statistical models for dealing with the problem of query translation ambiguity. Our work strongly suggests that a lexical triangulation approach to transitive translation can have a beneficial effect on retrieval. A non-technical issue of use of pivots that must be examined is a study of existing translation resources to determine the range of resources available to researchers and users of CLIR systems. Our results suggest that FMT can perform substantially better than DTL methods and is generally robust to a lack of linguistic structure in queries. Pirkola appears to have been the first to try separately estimating TF and DF for query terms in a CLIR application 13  , using the InQuery synonym operator to implement what he called " structured queries. " The paper then concludes with some notes on limitations of the new techniques and opportunities for future work on this problem. Two teams from the University of Massachusetts 9 and the University of Maryland 2 tried variants of this approach for Text Retrieval Conference's CLIR track in 2002. Therefore  , as with CLIR  , WTF/DF is clearly the preferred technique in this application. end  , we rely on two key modeling assumptions: 1 We treat documents and queries as bags of words and do not impose any syntactic information to the document structure. In summary  , we have created a unified framework for MoIR and CLIR which relies solely on word embeddings induced in an unsupervised fashion from document-aligned comparable data. We address this problem by discriminative training techniques which are widely used in the SMT community  , and use automatically constructed relevance judgments from linked data. The main problems observed are: 1 the dictionary may have a poor coverage; and 2 it is difficult to select the correct translation of a word among all the translations provided by the dictionary. We first carried out a set of preliminary experiments to investigate the impact of lexicon sources  , phrase  , and ambiguity on query translation. The bad effectiveness in these cases is not due to translation  , but to the high difficulty of query topics. One common approach  , known as "query translation ," is to translate each query term and then perform monolingnal retrieval in the language of the document 11. The aim of cross-language information retrieval CLIR is to use a query in one language to search a corpus in a different language. To understand the fingerprinting analogy  , imagine the documents of one language stacked on a pile  , next to a pile that has the translations in the same order as the original. Suppose we are interested in using the projections of figure 1 for performing CLIR of new documents  , any of the three monolingual maps can be actually used for the retrieval task. Although MSIR has attained very little attention explicitly   , many tangentially related problems like CLIR and transliteration for IR do discuss some of the issues of MSIR. The results show that this new " translation " method is more effective than the traditional query translation method. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 introduces the related work; Section 3 describes in detail the discriminative model for estimating cross-lingual query similarity; Section 4 presents a new CLIR approach using cross-lingual query suggestion as a bridge across language boundaries. The new CLIR performance in terms of average precision is shown in Table 3. We called this forest  , Reconfigurable Random Forest RRF. We will give a brief summary of the random forest c1assifier. Random Forest Classifier In our production entity matching system  , we sometimes use a Random Forest Classifier RFC 18 for entity matching. We convert the random forest classifier into a DNF formula as explained in Section 4.3. For the data set of small objects  , the Random Forest outperforms the CNN. We describe here a technique to approximate the matcher by a DNF expression. First  , we describe its overall structure Sec. We use Survival Random Forest for this purpose. We use scikit-learn 28 as the implementation of the Random Forest Classifier. By averaging over the response of each tree in the forest  , the input fea ture vector is classified as either stable or not. This method learns a random for- est 2  with each tree greedily optimized to predict the relevance labels y jk of the training examples. Training a single tree involves selecting √ m random intervals  , generating the mean  , standard deviation  , and slope of the random intervals for every series. All the random forest ranking runs are implemented with RankLib 4 . Similar to the balanced Random Forest 7  , EasyEnsemble generates T balanced sub-problems. Solid lines show the performance of the CNNbased model. The more correlated each tree is  , the higher the error rate becomes. The 90 th percentile say of the random contrasts variable importances is calculated. Other methods require  , in fact  , setting the dwell time threshold before the model is actually built. On Restaurants  , for example  , the random forest-based system had run-times ranging from 2–5 s for the entire classification step depending on the iteration. The dimensionality of the template is very high when considering it as the input to the Random Forest The feature vector serves as an input to a Random Forest C lassifier which has been trained offline on a database. For each tree  , a random subset of the total training data is selected that may be overlapping with the subsets for the other trees. The error rate of a random forest depends on two factors: the correlation between trees in the forest and the strength of each individual tree. First  , random forest can achieve good accuarcy even for the problem with many weak variables each variable conveys only a small amount of information. The Random Forest model selects a portion of the data attributes randomly and generates hundreds and thousands of trees accordingly  , and then votes for the best performing one to produce the classification result. Our selected encoding of the input query as pairs of wordpositions and their respective cluster id values allows us to employ the random forest architecture over variable length input. 2 Training a Random Forest: During trammg of the forest  , the optimization variables are the pairs of feature component cPij and threshold B per split node. There were 100 trees used in the random forest approach and in the ensemble for the random subspace approach. The size of the ensembles was chosen to allow for comparison with previous work and corresponds with those authors' recommendations. We submitted two classification runs: RFClassStrict and RFClassLoose. ICTNETVS07 is the Borda Fuse combination of three methods. High F1 score shows that our method achieves high value in both precision and recall. We experimented with several learning schemes on our data and obtained the best results using a random forest classifier as implemented in Weka. the two baselines  , when using a random forest as the base classifier. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. ClassificationCentainty as 'compute the Random forest 4  class probability that has the highest value'. An Evidential Terminological Random Forest ETRF is an ensemble of ETDTs. Figure 7 plots the accuracy of using different groups of features when applying Random Forest. In Random Forest  , we  already randomly select features when building the trees. ICTNETVS02 uses Random Forest text classification model  , the result is the sum of probabilities. The final classification P c|I  , x is given by averaging over these distributions. Our choice is based on previous studies that showed Random Forests are robust to noise and very competitive regarding accuracy 9. RIF draws ideas from the interval feature classifier TSF 6  and we also construct a random forest classifier. Specifically  , our random forest model substantially outperforms all other models as query length increases. For the relevance classifier we use an ensemble approach: Random Forest. The pairwise distance function is learned using a random forest. The scores in Table 9show that our reduced feature set performs better than the baselines on both performance measures. A classification tree is easier to understand for at least two reasons. In particular  , each example is represented by two types of inputs. Each tree is composed of internal nodes and leaves. Document-query pairs which are classified as relevant will award extra relevance score. We disambiguate the author names using random forest 34. The forest cover data contains columns with measurements of various terrain attributes  , which are fairly random within a range. The Random Forest classifier delivers the best result for all three categories. For large objects  , it performs significantly better at higher false positive rates. The classification accuracy of this model is lower than that of the CNN and Random Forest. We use the entire 1.2k labeled examples   , which are collected in December 2014  , to train a Random Forest classifier. However  , this resulted in severe overfitting . We leverage a Random Forest RF classifier to predict whether a specific seller of a product wins the Buy Box. Random Forest is the classifier used. Dashed curves refer to the Random Forest based classifiers. On Persons 1  , all three systems performed equally well  , achieving nearly 100 % F-Measure. The metric we used for our evaluation is the F1-score. classification tree is easier to understand than  , say  , a random forest. Our random forest is composed of binary trees and a weight associated with each tree. Standard generalization bounds for our proposed classifier can readily be derived in terms of the correlation between the trees in the forest and the prediction accuracy of individual trees. For the random forest approach  , we used a single attribute  , 2 attributes and log 2 n + 1 attributes which will be abbreviated as Random Forests-lg in the following.  Time Series Forest TSF 6: TSF overcomes the problem of the huge interval feature space by employing a random forest approach  , using summary statistics of each interval as features.  A deeper investigation confirms our intuition that defective entities have significantly stronger connections with other defective entities than with clean entities. The model turned out to be quite effective in discriminating positive from negative examples. Table 2presents the 15 most informative features to the model. Care was taken to avoid over fitting and to ensure that the learnt trees were not lopsided. We demonstrated that our proposed MLRF technique has many advantages over ranking based methods such as KEX. For pointwise  , random forest is utilized to classify the candidate pairs in the new result. Guild quitting prediction classifiers are built separately for 3 WoW servers: Eitrigg  , Cenarion Circle  , and Bleeding Hollow. We use a Random Forest that predicts stable grasps at similar accuracy as a Convolutional Neural Net CNN and has the additional ability to cluster locally similar data in a supervised manner. We are specifically considering templates that are classified to be graspable. A stopping criterion of the error leveling off suffices. Our training set consists of 13 ,649 images; and among them  , 3 ,784 were pornography and 9 ,865 were not. Predictions using our multi-label random forest can be carried out very efficiently. We next present our random forest model. Our system uses Random Forest RF classifiers with a set of features to determine the rank. Table 7 reports the classification performance for a random forest with 10 trees and unlimited depth and feature counts. As such most digits after the first are randomly distributed. These features are: SessionCount  , SessionsPerUserPerDay and TweetsClickedPerSender. For each user engagement proxy  , we trained a random forest RF classifier using the feature set described in Section 4.2. Figure 2shows the system architecture of CollabSeer. A random forest has many nice characteristics that make it promising for the problem of name disambiguation. Random forest consistently outperforms all other classifiers for every data set  , achieving almost 96% accuracy for the S500 data. Figure 1reports these scores. Then for each number of indicators  , we learn a Random Forest on the learning set and evaluate it. The MIA and CDI validity index calculations are not comparable between datasets due to the different number of attributes used. An alternate keypoint-based approach has been described by Plagemann et al. We base such evaluation on a dataset with 50K observations ad  , dwellT ime  , which refer to 2.5K ads provided by over 850 advertisers. We developed a novel multi-label random forest classifier with prediction costs that are logarithmic in the number of labels while avoiding feature and label space compression. Table 10 shows our best performance according to micro average F and SU. We employ Random Forest classifier in Weka toolkit 2 with default parameter settings. After training the random forest c1assifier as above  , there is a minimum number of training data points at each leaf node. Our indexing structure simply consists of l such LSH Trees  , each constructed with an independently drawn random sequence of hash functions from H. We call this collection of l trees the LSH Forest. The matcher is random forest classifier  , which was learnt by labeling 1000 randomly chosen pairs of listings from the Biz dataset. From classification   , the 2-step approach's Random Forest is used as a baseline MC-RF. PF  , CmF  , TF  , CtF denotes the results when our frameworks used personal features  , community features  , textual features  , and contextual features  , respectively. Gini importance is calculated based on Gini Index or Gini Impurity  , which is the measure of class distribution within a node. We employ Random Forest classifier implementation in Weka toolkit 7 with default parameter settings. For most of them  , the Random forest based classifiers perform similar to CNNbased classifiers  , especially for low false positive rates. The classification is done using a random forest classifier trained on a set of 1700 positive and 4500 negative examples 18. 7 Given the large class imbalance  , we applied asymmetric misclassification costs. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest.  Incorporating both context i.e. In this paper  , the term isolation means 'separating an instance from the rest of the instances'. However   , instead of using time domain intervals  , we use intervals from the data transformed into alternate representations. To convert a random forest into a DNF  , we first convert the space of predicates into a discrete space. We found that for the random forest that we learnt  , the conversion resulted in a DNF formula with 10 clauses. This is a generic technique which we can apply in practice to any arbitrary pair-wise matching function. As of now we do not perform any person specific disambiguation however one could treat acknowledged persons as coauthors and use random forest based author disambiguation 30 . There are two methods of measuring variable importance in a random forest: by Gini importance and by permutation importance. There is small change from 100 to 500 trees  , suggesting that 100 trees might be sufficient to get a reasonable result. To minimize the impact of author name ambiguity problem  , the random forest learning 34  is used to disambiguate the author names so that each vertex represents a distinct author. A pair where the first candidate is better than the second belongs to class +1  , and -1 otherwise. None of the classical methods perform as well. In both works  , the authors showed that there exist some data distributions where maximal unprunned trees used in the random forests do not achieve as good performance as the trees with smaller number of splits and/or smaller node size. A random forest 5  is then built using original and random contrast variables and the variable importance is calculated for all variables. Further  , we limit ourselves to the " Central " evaluation setting that is  , only central documents are accepted as relevant and use F1 as our evaluation measure. Random subspaces ties for the most times as statistically significantly more accurate than C4 .5  , but is also less accurate the most times. It is possible to use the out of bag error to decide when to stop adding classifiers to a random forest ensemble or bagged ensemble. We compare two strategies for selecting training data: backward and random. The mean decrease Gini score associated by a random forest to a feature is an indicator of how much this feature helps to separate documents from different classes in the trees. In sum  , most of the previous work has tackled issues related to improving the choice of features or the quality of the forest of trees. rate  , receive-rate  , reply-rate  , replied-rate yield the best performance with AUC > 0.78 for female to sample male  , and AUC > 0.8 for male to sample female to male under the Random Forest model among all graph-based features. Hence  , when a forest of random trees collectively produce shorter path lengths for some particular points  , then they are highly likely to be anomalies. Laplacian kernels are defined mathematically by the pseudoinversion of the graph's Laplacian matrix L. Depending on the precise definition  , Laplacian kernels are known as resistance distance kernels 15  , random forest kernels 2  , random walk or mean passage time kernels 4  and von Neumann kernels 14. An example of generated classification tree is shown in Figure 1due to limited space  , we just show the left-hand subtree of the root node. For each of the three tested categories we trained a different classifier based on the Random Forest model described in Section 3.2.2. This can be easily debugged in the random forest framework by tracing the ad down to its leaf nodes and examining its nearest neighbours. This enabled us to efficiently carry out fine grained bid phrase recommendation in a few milliseconds using 10 Gb of RAM. Then  , calculate the error rate of the random forest on the entire original data  , where the classification for each data point is done only by its out-of-bag trees. Given a query template that is c1assified by the Random Forest  , we can not only predict its probability to afford a successful grasp but also make predictions about latent variables based on the training examples at the corresponding leaf nodes. In other words  , we can see that the HeteroSales framework is especially useful in the case when we only have a limited number of training data. Given the feature set and the class labels stable or shrinking  , we want to predict whether a group or community is likely to remain stable or will start shrinking over a period of time. The cost of traversing each tree is logarithmic in the total number of training points which is almost the same as being logarithmic in the total number of labels. For instance  , if two labels are perfectly correlated then they will end up in the same leaf nodes and hence will be either predicted  , or not predicted  , together. The only conceptual change is that now yi ∈ ℜ K + and that predictions are made by data points in leaf nodes voting for labels with non-negative real numbers rather than casting binary votes. For example  , we can divide the range of values of JaroWinklerDistance into three bins  , and call them high  , medium and low match. The predictive accuracy of our implementation of survival random forest is assessed with an o↵-line test. Hence  , connectivity-based unsupervised classifiers offer a viable solution for cross and within project defect predictions. We conjecture that the decrease in performance when changing to a within-project setting is caused by the low ratio of defects i.e. Table 7shows 10 most indicative features in the MIX+CKP model according to this measurement. In the first experiment we apply the previously trained Random Forest model to identify matching products for the top 10 TV brands in the WDC dataset. Note that it was not always the case that the best performance was achieved in the last iteration. We also found that adding implicit state information that is predicted by our classifier increases the possibility to find state-level geolocation unambiguously by up to 80%. Table 2The performance of submitted runs with vital only Table 3shows the retrieval performance of our submitted two runs for Stream Slotting Filling task. For each selected name  , we then manually cluster all the articles in Medline written by that name. Specifically  , a Random Forest model is used in the provided Aqqu implementation. We employ a random forest classifier as the discriminative model and use its natural ability to cluster similar data points at the leaf nodes for the retrieval task. For Australian   , German and Ionosphere data sets there is improvement of 1.98%  , 5.06% and 0.4% respectively when compared with Random Forest Classifier. These results strongly support our claim that our generic ordering heuristic works well in a variety of application domains. We design a Multi-Label Random Forest MLRF classifier whose prediction costs are logarithmic in the number of labels and which can make predictions in a few milliseconds using 10 GB of RAM. We use the most recent 400 examples as hold-out test set  , and gradually add in examples to the training set by batches of size 50  , and train a Random Forest classifier. Analyzing hundreds of tweets from Twitter timeline we noticed some interesting points. In addition  , a random forest is very fast both in the training and making predictions  , thus making it ideal for a large scale problem such as name disambiguation. Here  , we first give the formal formulation of the author name disambiguation problem and then define the set of attributes  , called the similarity profile  , that will be used by random forest for disambiguation. For both the intrinsic and the stacked models  , we use the Random Forest classifier provided by Weka  , set to use 100 trees  , and the default behavior for all other settings. After another 500 random planning queries  , the empty area that was originally occupied by the obstacle is quickly and evenly filled with new nodes  , as shown in Figure 8d. Positive examples were obtained by setting up the laser scanner in an open area with significant pedestrian traffic; all clusters which lay in the open areas and met the threshold in Sec. In the body-part detector used by Microsoft's Xbox Kinect 1   , each pixel is classified based on depth differences of neighbouring pixels using a random forest classifier. The Forest Cover Type problem considered in Figure 9is a particularly challenging dataset because of its size both in terms of the number of the instances and the number of attributes. We discuss how to automatically generate training data for our Multi-Label Random Forest classifier and show how it can be trained efficiently and used for making predictions in a few milliseconds . In the rest of the experiments  , we configured Prophiler to use these classifiers. In particular  , the random forest classifier achieves an AUC value of 0.71 in a cross-project setting  , but yields a lower AUC value of 0.67 in a within-project setting. The reduced random forest model using just those two variables can attain almost 90% accuracy. Our experiments with feature selections also demonstrate that near-optimal accuracy can be achieved with just four variables  , the inverse document frequency value of author's last name and the similarity between author's middle name  , their affiliations' tfidf similarity   , and the difference in publication years. Please note that we build a global classifier with all training instances instead of building a local classifier for each entity for simplicity. We will show that we can predict the global object shape based on the locally similar exemplars. We perform modelling experiments framed as a binary classification problem where the positive class consists of 217 of the re-clicked Tweets analysed above 5 . Figure 6 shows that with the three features contributing most to model accuracy a random forest model can achieve a similar result as it would with 80 features or more. Figure 2shows the results for the random forest base classifier. If the random forest-based classifier is used on Restaurants  , the difference widens by about 1 % see previous footnote. The MLP-based system achieved run-times ranging from 17 s for the first iteration to almost 20 min for the final iteration. The final ranking is performed using the same learning-to-rank method as the baseline Aqqu system 3  , which uses the Random Forest model. This reasoning may partially explain why ensemble tree models  , such as Random Forest  , are considered superior to standalone tree models. As we are using binary indicators  , some form of majority voting is probably the simplest possible rule but using such as rule implies to choose very carefully the indicators 13. We develop a sparse semi-supervised multi-label learning formulation in Section 4 to mitigate the effects of biases introduced in automatic training set generation. We evaluated the bid phrase recommendations of our multilabel random forest classifier on a test set of 5 million ads. Only our proposed Random- Forest model manages to learn the discriminating features of long queries as well as those of short ones  , and successfully differentiates between CQA queries and other queries even at queries of length 9 and above. Table 4presents examples for queries of different length in each domain  , which illustrate the differences between the tested domains. All the classifiers are implemented with random forest classification model  , which was reported as the best classification model in CCR. They also explored using random forest classification to score verticals run ICTNETVS02  , whereby expanded query representations based on results from the Google Custom Search API were used. We achieved convergence around 300 trees  , We also optimized the percentage of features to be considered as candidates during node splitting  , as well as the maximum allowed number of leaf nodes. At test time  , the random forest will produce T class distributions per pixel x. Especially in our case where the input forms a local shape representation  , these reduced data sets are clusters of locally similar data. These variables can recover the global shape of the associated object. On Persons 1  , the three curves are near -coincidental  , while in the case of ACM-DBLP  , the best performance of the proposed system was achieved in the first iteration itself hence  , two curves are coincidental. Given this disparity in run-times between the two classifiers  , the random forest is clearly a better base classifier choice for the IAEI benchmarks  , and considering only the slight performance penalty  , ACM-DBLP as well. We can observe that the other classifiers achieve high recall  , i.e. The random forest classifier offers two means of determining feature importance: Out of Bag Permuted Variable Error PVE and the Gini Impurity measure 2 . These results indicate that these two feature sets are most influential among all feature sets. Thus  , the dependent variable is represented by the cluster implementation priority high or low   , while we use as predictor features: The number of reviews in the cluster |reviews|. These features include the similarity between a and b's name strings  , the relationship between the authoring order of a in p and the order of b in q  , the string similarity between the affiliations  , the similarity between emails  , the similarity between coauthors' names  , the similarity between titles of p and q  , and several other features. result in the best performance with AUC > 0.76 for female to sample male  , and AUC > 0.8 for male to sample female under Random Forest model among all user-based features  , while the topological features Figure 5: Performance of classifiers with user-based  , graph-based  , and all features to predict reciprocal links from males to females. The core problem in developing an efficient disk-based index is to lay out the prefix tree on disk in such a fashion as to minimize the number of disk accesses required to navigate down the tree for a query  , and also to minimize the number of random disk seeks required for all index operations. A similar approach is suggested by Lafferty and Zhai 9Table 1shows an example relevance model estimated from some relevant documents for TREC ad-hoc topic 400 " amazon rain forest " . Also in this step CLAP makes use of the Random Forest machine learner with the aim of labelling each cluster as high or low priority  , where high priority indicates clusters CLAP recommends to be implemented in the next app release. Finally  , while we did assume label independence during random forest construction  , label correlations present in the training data will be learnt and implicitly taken into account while making predictions. The softmax distribution has several important properties. For the second approach  , we applied the softmax action selection rules. After a document has been chosen it is removed from all rankings it occurs in and all softmax distributions are renormalized. cost function based on softmax function. The visible layer of the bottom-most RBM is character level replicated softmax layer as described in Section 4.2. A softmax regressor layer is connected to FC9 to output the label of input samples. Although it works well in a single dataset 9  , it will fail when thousands of locally unbalanced distance metrics are fused together. The CNN structure used in this paper is illustrated in Fig. The search logs used in this study consist of a list of querydocument pairs  , also known as clickthrough data. Thus the approximated objective function is: To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. Instead of picking the top document from that ranking  , like in TDI  , the document is drawn from a softmax distribution. In practice  , the probability of each action is evaluated using 12 and the highest-probability action is selected. The probability of observing the context word v given the pivot word w is defined by the softmax function: The learning goal is to maximize the ability of predicting context words for each pivot word in the corpus. PV-DBOW maps words and documents into low-dimension dense vectors. Under the bag-of-words assumption  , the generative probability of word w in document d is obtained through a softmax function over the vocabulary: Each document vector is trained to predict the words it contains. First  , the basic Skip-gram model is extended by inserting a softmax layer  , in order to add the word sentiment polarity. The probability of observing the central sentence s m ,t given the context sentences and the document is defined using the softmax function as given below. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. The fully connected hidden layer is and a softmax add about 40k parameters. CNNs are powerful classifiers due to their ability to automatically learn discriminative features from the input data. This is aimed at averting too long loops that would happen with simple greedy selection. To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. Similarly  , we define the probability of observing the document dm given the sentences present in it as follows. Sigmoid activation functions are used in the hidden layer and softmax in the output layer to ensure that outputs sum to one. While some approaches use special ranking loss layers 10  , we have extended the CNN architecture using a sigmoid layer instead of the softmax layer and a cross entropy loss function. Similar to 38  , we add an additional softmax layer upon the target language SAE that outputs the sentiment labels of the target language data. Then the labeled target language data in At are used to compute the backpropagated errors to tune the parameters in the target language SAE. We train the embeddings of the words in comments using skip-bigram model 10  with window size of 10 using hierarchical softmax training. For the embedding of comments we exploit the distributed memory model since it usually performs well for most tasks 8. For each leaf node  , there is a unique assigned path from the root which is encoded using binary digits. However  , directly optimizing the above objective function is impractical because the cost of computing the full softmax is proportional to the size of items |I|  , which is often extremely large. The bottom-most RBM of our model  , which models the input terms  , is character-level variant of the replicated softmax RSM model presented in 28  for documents . Furthermore  , millions of training images are needed to build a deep CNN model from scratch. In application the input of the NN is the topic distribution of the query question according to latent topic model of the existing questions  , represented by θ Q *   , and its output is an estimate of its distribution in the QA latent topic model  , θ QA * . We plan to investigate these methods in future work. Instead of evaluating every distinct word or document during each gradient step in order to compute the sums in equations 9 and 10  , hierarchical softmax uses two binary trees  , one with distinct documents as leaves and the other with distinct words as leaves. In sequence-to-sequence generation tasks  , an LSTM defines a distribution over outputs and sequentially predicts tokens using a softmax function. Ranking the words according to their scores. In whatever experiments  , the BCDRW method significantly outperforms the BASIC method. The improvements of precision and popular tag coverage are statistically significant  , both up to more than 10%. BCDRW requires three inputs: a normalized adjacency matrix W  , a normalized probability distribution d that encodes the prior ranking  , and a dumpling factor λ that balances the two. Interpretations to a book vary much in different reviews  , just as Shakespeare said  , " There are a thousand Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes " . The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. These three input parameters have already been introduced before. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. Despite the success  , most existing KLSH techniques only adopt a single kernel function. This result is further verified when we examine the result of KLSH-Weight  , which outperform both KLSH-Best and KLSH- Uniform. Second  , we address the limitation of KLSH. These observations show that it is very important to explore the power of multiple kernels for KLSH in some real-world applications. and adopts this combined kernel for KLSH. We further emphasized that it is of crucial importance to develop a proper combination of multiple kernels for determining the bit allocation task in KLSH  , although KLSH and MKLSH with naive use of multiple kernels have been proposed in literature.  KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels  , evaluate their mAP values on the training set  , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value.  KLSH-Weight: We evaluate the mAP performance of all kernels on the training set  , calculate the weight of each kernel w.r.t. KLSH provides a powerful framework to explore arbitrary kernel/similarity functions where their underlying embedding only needs to be known implicitly. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function  , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. Such an approach might not fully explore the power of multiple kernels. We first analyzed the theoretical property of kernel LSH KLSH. Kernelized LSH KLSH 23 addresses this limitation by employing kernel functions to capture similarity between data points without having to know their explicit vector representation. First of all  , their naive approach to combining multiple kernels simply treats each kernel equally  , which fails to fully explore the power of combining multiple diverse kernels in KLSH. In particular  , kernel-based LSH KLSH 23  was recently proposed to overcome the limitation of the regular LSH technique that often assumes the data come from a multidimensional vector space and the underlying embedding of the data must be explicitly known and computable. LSH has been extended to Kernelized Locality-Sensitive Hashing KLSH 16 by exploiting kernel similarity for better retrieval efficacy. Besides  , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 37 is the bit allocation optimization step to find the parameter b1  , . This significantly limits its application to many real-world image retrieval tasks 40  , 18  , where images are often analyzed by a variety of feature descriptors and are measured by a wide class of diverse similarity functions. Second  , their technique is essentially unsupervised   , which does not fully explore the data characteristics and thus cannot achieve the optimal indexing performance. Except for the LSH and KLSH method which do not need training samples  , for the unsupervised methods i.e. In the test stage  , we use 2000 random samples as queries and the rest samples as the database set to evaluate the retrieval performance. Motivated by financial and statistical applications e.g. Another strength of our approach is that it is a relatively simple and efficient way of incorporating time into statistical relational models. For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more work Koller  , personal communication. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. In this paper  , we proposed three classification models accounting for non-stationary autocorrelation in relational data. To date  , work on statistical relational models has focused primarily on static snapshots of relational datasets even though most relational domains have temporal dynamics that are important to model. Although there has been some work modeling domains with time-varying attributes  , to our knowledge this is the first model that exploits information in dynamic relationships between entities to improve prediction. In addition  , the shrinkage approach could easily be incorporated into other statistical relational models that use global autocorrelation and collective inference. Relational autocorrelation  , a statistical dependency among values of the same variable on related en- tities 7  , is a nearly ubiquitous phenomenon in relational datasets. Promising research directions include: 1 using patterns e.g. Access rights may be granted and revoked on views just as though they were ordinary tables. These sizes are then used to determine the CPU  , IO and communication requirements of relational operations such as joins. However  , this work has focused primarily on modeling static relational data. This explanation applies to continuous and discrete variables and essentially any test of conditional independence. The goal of this work is to improve attribute prediction in dynamic domains by incorporating the influence of timevarying links into statistical relational models. Indeed  , the results we report for LGMs using only the class labels and the link information achieve nearly the same level of performance reported by relational models in the recent literature. The relational operations join  , restrict and project as well as statistical summaries of tables may be used to define a view. This paper presents the Kylin Ontology Generator KOG  , an autonomous system that builds a rich ontology by combining Wikipedia infoboxes with WordNet using statistical-relational learning. One motivation for modeling time-varying links is the identification of influential relationships in the data. This information is necessary to derive accurate relational statistics that are needed by the relational optimizer to accurately estimate the cost of the query workload. This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. In this work  , we propose the Time Varying Relational Classifier TVRC framework—a novel approach to incorporating temporal dependencies into statistical relational models. Researchers always use tables to concisely display their latest experimental results or statistical data. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependence between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. Whereas in the CONTROL condition 20% of the adjectives chosen belonged to the machine category  , 20% to the humanized one and 60% to the relational one. Instead of storing the data in a relational database  , we have proposed to collect Statistical Linked Data reusing the RDF Data Cube Vocabulary QB and to transform OLAP into SPARQL queries 14. We chose statistical data  , because 1 there is clear need to integrate the data and 2 although the data sets are covering semantically similar topics  , standardization usually does not cover the object properties  , only the code lists themselves  , if at all. Each infobox template is treated as a class  , and the slots of the template are considered as attributes/slots. They are  , however  , at a disadvantage in interactivity  , graphical presentation and popularity of the computational language. Regarding the multiple adjective choice  , even if not supported by statistical significance  , we observe that children in the OAT condition chose no machine category adjectives  , 30% of the chosen adjectives belonged to the humanized category and 70% to the relational one. This work has demonstrated that incorporating the characteristics of related instances into statistical models improves the accuracy of attribute predictions. For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more likely to share the same topic than randomly selected pages 23  , and movies made by the same studio are more likely to have similar box-office returns than randomly selected movies 6. IE can only be employed if sensory information is available that is relevant to a relation  , deductive reasoning can only derive a small subset of all statements that are true in a domain and relational machine learning is only applicable if the data contains relevant statistical structure. Although there are probably a number of heuristic ways to combine sensory information and the knowledge base with machine learning  , it is not straightforward to come up with consistent probabilistic models. In this paper  , we intend to give an empirical argument in favor of creating a specialised OLAP engine for analytical queries on Statistical Linked Data. Recent work has only just begun to incorporate temporal information into statistical relational models. Some initial work has focused on transforming temporal-varying links and objects into static aggregated features 19 and other work has focused on modeling the temporal dynamics of time-varying attributes in static link structures 13. Our initial investigation has shown that modeling the interaction among links and attributes will likely improve model generalization and interpretability. This allows the model to consider a wider range of dependencies to reduce bias while limiting potential increases in variance and promises to unleash the full power of statistical relational models. On the other hand  , there are existing computational engines without scalability or fragmentation problems and with a well-defined computational algebra  , for example  , OLAP 7  , 8  , Statistical 12 and Relational engines. On the other hand  , DataScope is flexible to browse various relational database contents based on different schemas and ad-hoc ranking functions. Yet  , there is little work on evaluating and optimising analytical queries on RDF data 4 ,5 . Thii attribute enables DBLEARN to output such statistical statements as 8% of all students majoring in Sociology are Asians. Two areas for further investigation are: the use of probabilistic dependencies as constrainta  , and the way in which they interact; and the concept of the degree to This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. While our use case has been motivated by statistical data  , a lot of Linked Data sources share this data model structure  , since many of them are derived from relational databases. In this paper we have combined information extraction  , deductive reasoning and relational machine learning to integrate all sources of available information in a modular way. For example  , pairs of brokers working at the same branch are more likely to share the same fraud status than randomly selected pairs of brokers. The language of non-recursive first-order logic formulas has a direct mapping to SQL and relational algebra  , which can be used as well for the purposes of our discussion  , e.g. Disjoint learning ignores the unlabeled instances in the graph during learning see Figure 1b This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. The Comet methodology is inspired by previous work in which statistical learning methods are used to develop cost models of complex user-defined functions UDFs—see 13  , 15—and of remote autonomous database systems in the multidatabase setting 19  , 26. Topic model performance is often measured by perplexity of test data as a function of statistical word frequencies  , ignoring word order. We used as our backend retrieval system the IBM DB2 Net Search Extender  , which allows convenient combination of relational and fulltext queries. Relational machine learning attempts to capture exactly these statistical dependencies between statements and in the following we will present an approach that is suitable to also integrate sensory information and a knowledge base. We also propose a way to estimate the result sizes of SPARQL queries with only very few statistical information. In FJS97   , a statistical approach is used for reconstructing base lineage data from summary data in the presence of certain constraints . This paper presents a new approach to modeling relational data with time-varying link structure. This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. The characteristics of such domains form a good match with our method: i links between documents suggest relational representation and ask for techniques being able to navigate such structures; " flat " file domain representation is inadequate in such domains; ii the noise in available data sources suggests statistical rather than deterministic approaches  , and iii often extreme sparsity in such domains requires a focused feature generation and their careful selection with a discriminative model  , which allows modeling of complex  , possibly deep  , but local regularities rather than attempting to build a full probabilistic model of the entire domain. To address the shortcomings of this conventional approach   , we described in this paper statistics on views in Microsoft SQL Server  , which provide the optimizer with statistical information on the result of scalar or relational expressions. Even if privacy and confidentiality are in place  , to be practical  , outsourced data services should allow sufficiently expressive client queries e.g. This is important because today's outsourced data services are fundamentally insecure and vulnerable to illicit behavior  , because they do not handle all three dimensions consistently and there exists a strong relationship between such assurances: e.g. Therefore  , we can conclude that attribute partitioning is important to a SDS. To support the integration of traditional Semantic Web techniques and machine learning-based  , statistical inferencing  , we developed an approach to create and work with data mining models in SPARQL. The goal of this paper is to combine the strengths of all three approaches modularly  , in the sense that each step can be optimized independently. Contributions of this paper are centered around four analytical query approaches listed in the following – We compare the performance of traditional relational approaches RDBMS / ROLAP and of using a triple store and an RDF representation closely resembling the tabular structure OLAP4LD-SSB. In addition  , we will cast the model in a more principled graphical model framework  , formulating it as a latent variable model where the summary " influence " weights between pairs of nodes are hidden variables that change over time and affect the statistical dependencies between attribute values of incident nodes. If there is a significant influence effect then we expect the attribute values in t + 1 will depend on the link structure in t. On the other hand  , if there is a significant homophily effect then we expect the link structure in t + 1 will depend on the attributes in t. If either influence or homophily effects are present in the data  , the data will exhibit relational autocorrelation at any given time step t. Relational autocorrelation refers to a statistical dependency between values of the same variable on related objects—it involves a set of related instance pairs  , a variable X defined on the nodes in the pairs  , and it corresponds to the correlation between the values of X on pairs of related instances. Attribute partitioning HAMM79 is another term for a transposed file scheme within a relational database  , As stated in BORA62  , such schemes are useful in statistical database systems because although the relations often contain many attributes  , usually only a few are referenced in any one query  , Additionally  , attribute partitioning is useful in compression schemes that depend on physical adjacency of identical values EGGEBO  , EGGEBl  , TURN79. This property makes the numerical model more reliable for future wing kinematics optimization studies. If the model fitting has increased significantly  , then the predictor is kept. The fitting constraint keeps the model parameters fit to the training data whereas the regularizers avoid overfitting  , making the model generalize better 7. The fitting with this extended model is considerably better Fig. As our model fitting procedure is greedy  , it can get trapped into local maxima. Model fitting. 5: Quantification of the fitting of oriented-Gabor model RMSE as defined in eq.   , βn be coefficients that are estimated by fitting the model to an existing " model building " data set  , where β0 is termed the model " intercept. " Our aspect model combines both collaborative and content information in model fitting. Our scope of machine learning is limited to the fitting of parameter values in previously prescribed models  , using prescribed model-fitting procedures. There can also be something specific to the examples added that adds confusion . Figure 3 gives the variance proportions for the sampled accounts . Table lsummerizes the results. Our second challenge lies in fitting the models to our target graphs  , i.e. By limiting the complexity of the model  , we discourage over-fitting. The heuristic fitting provides matching of intuitive a priori assumptions on the system and determines the system model structure. distributions amounts to fitting a model with squared loss. 6 analyzed the potential of page authority by fitting an exponential model of page authority. Dropout is used to prevent over-fitting. Using deviance measures  , e.g. The complete optimization objective used by this model is given in Table 1 . The mixed-effects model in Eq. Model performance is demonstrated by emprical data. In order to realize the personal fitting functions  , a surface model is adopted. Computing the dK-2 distributions is also a factor  , but rarely contributes more than 1 hour to the total fitting time. Nonetheless  , the scope of the Model involves one more fitting activity that  , in the outlying areas of interest of this universe  , complicates a fitting challenge per se. Within the model selection  , each operation of reduction of topic terms results in a different model. Rather than over fitting to the limited number of examples  , users might be fitting a more general but less accurate model. After estimating model parameters   , we have to determine the best fitting model from a set of candidate models. The model can be directly used to derive quantitative predictions about term and link occurrences. For large graphs like ours  , there are no efficient solutions to determine if two graphs are physically identical . Existing model-fitting methods are typically batchbased i.e. We deal with this problem by starting from multiple starting points. p~ ~  ,. Fitting an individiral skeleton model to its motion data is the routine identification task rary non-ridd pose with sparse featme points. Tanaka 1986 6 proposed the first macroscopic constitutive model. By fitting a model to the generated time-series the AR coefficients were estimated. Figure 2billustrates the highest and second highest bid in the test set  , items that we did not observe when fitting the model. Tuning λ ≥0 is theoretically justified for reducing model complexity  " the effective degree of freedom "  and avoiding over-fitting on training data 5. is the identity matrix. The shapes of the bodies are various for each person. Although on a large scale the fitting is rather accurate  , the smaller and faster phenomena are not given enough attention in this model. IW is a simple way to deal with tensor windows by fitting the model independently. A formal model: More specifically  , let the distribution associated with node w be Θw. Our own source code for fitting the two-way aspect model is available online 28. The RegularizerRole is played by a regularization function used to keep model complexity low and prevent over-fitting. 4due to the unsuitable profile model. Large η vales may lead to serious over-fitting. We compared ECOWEB-FIT with the standard LV model. The replicated examples were used both when fitting model parameters and when tuning the threshold. There are two deficiencies in the fixed focal length model. Line segment primitives are efficient in modelling a collection of observations of the environment. The next section will discuss the classification method. 1633-2008 for a fitting software reliability growth model. semi-supervised of the label observations by fitting the latent factor model BRI on the above three sources of evidences. Model fitting and selection takes on average 7 ms  , and thus can be easily computed in real-time on a mobile robot. He had to use special hardware for real-time performance. λU   , λI are the regularization parameters. Established methods for determining model structure are at best computationally intensive  , besides not easily automated. After fitting this model  , we use the parameters associated with each article to estimate it's quality. The efforts are based on heuristic fitting the system model in order to obtain the required properties of the model to be used 27- 311. Dudek and Zhang 3 used a vision system to model the environment and extract positioning information. The model is built by fitting primitives to sensory data. One study built on the Wing-Kristofferson model to propose various model-fitting techniques for synchronization cases 16. The αinvesting rule can guarantee no model over-fitting and thus the accuracy of the final fitted model. In this section we study the recommendation performance of ExpoMF by fitting the model to several datasets. We provide further insights into ExpoMF's performance by exploring the resulting model fits. This stage aims to estimate the position of a model in the image plane  , calculating the distance between the image centre and the model position. Other work found that abrupt tempo changes and gradual tempo changes seem to engage different methods of phase correction 17. the likelihood ratio or χ 2 measure  , as a measure of the goodness-offit for a model  , the best-fitting  , parsimonious least number of dependencies model for the table is determined. However  , we found that the 4-parameter gravity model: By fitting the model to observed flows  , we might mask the very signal we hope to uncover  , that is  , the error. Using a curve fitting technique  , the impedance model was established in such a way that the model can simulate the expert behavior. In order to perform localization  , a model is constructed of how sensory data varies as a function of the robots position . Iterative computation methods for fitting such a model to a table are described in Christensen 2 . Applying MLE to graph model fitting  , however  , is very difficult. Model fitting on AE features was performed using WEKA 3.7 30  , and the response model was calculated in MATLAB. A data structure for organizing model features has been set up to facilitate model-based tracking. For a particular scene vertex the fitting test would then be triggered a number of times equal to the number of model LFSs  , in the worst case. From the results  , it is evident that interactive fitting was far superior to manual fitting in task time and slightly better in accuracy. The purpose is to support the tasks of monitoring  , control  , prognostics  , preventive maintenance  , diagnostics  , corrective maintenance  , and enhancement or engineering improvements. Note the should be set to a number no smaller than in order to have enough fitting models for the model generation in a higher level. In particular  , if there are many non-informative attributes or if complex models are used  , the problem of over-fitting will be alleviated by reducing dimensions. Although our plane fitting test is fast  , the time overhead that such an approach would introduce made us avoid its usage in such cases. We first fit the general model by fitting it to the general distribution of the minutes between a retweet and the original tweet. The goodness of fit test of the model was not significant p=0.64 meaning that predicted and observed data matrixes did resemble each other. Statistical model selection tries to find the right balance between the complexity of a model corresponding to the number of parameters  , and the fitness of the data to the selected model  , which corresponds to the likelihood of the data being generated by the given model. Model fitting information was significant p=0.000 indicating that the final model predicts significantly better the odds of interest levels compared to the model with only the intercept. Since the LV model cannot capture seasonal patterns  , it was strongly affected by multiple spikes and failed to capture co-evolving dynamics. Fitting the Rated Clicks Model to predict click probabilities on the original lower results yields similar results. σ is used for penalizing large parameter values. It is clear that this particular view selection may not be optimal . The tyre-dependent parameters were experimentally adjusted fitting the measured responses of the army vehicle off-road tyre 13. He used residual functions for fitting projected model and features in the image. There are something good and something bad. Hence  , by leveraging the objective function  , we can address the sparsity problem of check-in data  , without directly fitting zero check-ins. This requires segmenting the data into groups and selecting the model most appropriate for each group. An alternative to template based matching is fitting of a motion model to a gradient field the motion field. As will be shown  , this results in a simple highly generalisable model fitting the majority of the data. Figure 2gives an example of the summary hierarchy. 2In the real-time walk of a legged robot  , a ground model should first be established during the previous gait period. The uneven surface of the vermiculite does not lend itself to primitive fitting without a severe reduction in surface location accuracy. The success with which web pages attract in-links from others in a given period becomes an indicator of the page authority in the future. Addi-tionally  , we use a regularization parameter κ set to 0.01; this step has been found to provide better model fitting and faster convergence. One of our contributions is that we propose to use hierarchical regularization to avoid overfiting. The SRS was placed in hallways within the model. Image curves are represented by invariant shape descriptors  , which allow direct indexing into a model library. Figure 6 : One wave length error detection using the reflection model. To fit a tag ti's language model we analyze the set of tweets containing ti  , fitting a multinomial over the vocabulary words  , with probability vector Θi. In our experiments we randomly split the movies into a training set and a test set. Finally  , we obtained the following model for λ: We started with all possibly relevant variables: After fitting to the data we found that the number of children had little influence. Log-likelihood LL is widely used to measure model fitness . A hierarchical structure to the data alone does not completely motivate hierarchical modeling. The funding model to support this evolution  , however  , is not yet established. adjusting for more usage characteristics resulted in less accurate predictions  , discussed further in Section 8. Given their small size  , we were forced to use a relatively simple model with a small number of features to avoid over-fitting. In principle  , the optimal K should provide the best trade-off between fitting bias and model complexity. We also consider its stochastic counterpart SGBDT  , by fitting trees considering a random subset of training data thus reducing the variance of the final model. It should be noted that a steady-state friction model can also be obtained using any other curve fitting technique such as those using polynomial models. This difference allows us to avoid the complexities of rigid motion manipulations while we are fitting the image. These models are based on basic thermodynamic theory and curve fitting of data from experiments. Because the number of model parameters to be learned grows in accordance with K  , the acquired functions might not perform well when sorting unseen objects due to over-fitting. All estimates are made using 500 bootstrap samples on the human rated data. To avoid over-fitting  , we constrain the gis by imposing an L2 penalty term. Λ is the vector of model parameters  , the second term is the regularization term to avoid over fitting  , which imposes a zero prior on all the parameter values. In this paper  , the primary purpose of fitting a model is not prediction  , but to provide a quantitative means to identify sub-populations. The reward is a repository that offers the powerful extensibility of COMZActiveX  , without requiring many new extensibility features of its own. These landmarks are found for both the reference map and the current map. The surface geometry of a patch is determined by fitting the data points in the patch to a quadric surface and solving an eigensystem. Hence the cross-axis effect of y-acceleration on the x-axis may be modeled by the least-squares fitting of a secondarder polynomial to the data  , The result of this model is shown in Fig. 3 3 is the planestress model with these parameters  , not an arbitrary best fitting curve. This set contains all consistent values of the model parameters  , so it is a quantitative description of the fitting error. Although there are many formats  , which describe surface models  , in this paper Object file of Wavefront's Advanced Visualizer is adopted. Traditionally  , motion fields have been very noise sensitive as minimization over small regions results in noisy estimates. 1  , I measured the between-within variance for the 10 blogs in the dataset on estimated values for the trust  , liking  , involvement and benevolence latent variables. the current model—support incompatibility and non-convexity— and developed new models that address them. The regularizer with coefficient λ > 0 is used to prevent model over-fitting. By varying the value of T we can control the trade-off between data likelihood and over-fitting. For each target graph  , we apply the fitting mechanism described in Section 4 to compute the best parameters for each model. The most common approach is directly fitting Ut to the actual query execution time of the ranking model 7. It provides additional flexibility in fitting either of these models to the realities of retrieval. The LossRole is played by a loss function that defines the penalty of miss-prediction  , e.g. Another possible direction for this work is fitting the features onto a global object model. The model also includes computation of the aligning torque M z on each steered wheel. Our approach is attractive for the marketing field  , because the unobserved baseline sales  , marketing promotion effects and other specific effects are estimated by simultaneously. Our proposal for step 6 is inspired on the PAC 10 method to evaluate learning performance. We have tested the effectiveness of the proposed model using real data. In other words  , the learning trajectories significantly differ among the three initial conditions  , thus supporting Hypothesis 5. The Adjusted-R 2 measure denotes the percentage of variance explained by the model and  , for both collections  , the obtained model explains 99% of such variance. After adding each predictor  , a likelihood test is conducted to check whether the new predictor has increased the model fitting 6. The results of fitting the heteroscedastic model in the data can be viewed below  , > summarylme2 Apart from the random and fixed effects section  , there is a Variance function section. For all the projects there is a significant difference between the simpler model in Equation 4 and the model in Equation 3  , showing that fitting curves separately for different initial conditions significantly improves the model fit. The results could he dismissed as merely another example of over-fitting  , except that the type of over-fitting is highly specific  , and occurs due to confounding controllable mechanisms with the uncontrollable environment. We conclude with literature review in Section 8 and discussion. By using the imported surface model  , the personal fitting function is thought to be realized. This type of approach includes techniques such as least squares fitting 19 and Iterative Closest Point ICP 1 allowing the determination of the six degree of freedom transformation between the observed points and the model. Next we model the O2 concentration signal based on all inputs  , but WIA2 fuel mass and SIC2 feeding screw rpm measurements were replaced by the estimated mass flow signal see Fig. Finally  , our model can be used to provide a measure of the triadic closure strength differentially between graph collections  , investigating the difference in opt for the subgraph frequencies of different graph collections. Second  , single-point estimates do not help inference of model parameters  , and may in fact hurt if the ensuing model-fitting stage uses them as its input. Note that the plane fitting test could be as well used as a verification method in the event that no compatible scene vertices were detected. It is desirable to use the simplest friction model in order to avoid computational complexity. As might have been predicted by the fitting results in Section 3.1  , it was found that use of a Hertz contact model to predict subsurface strains resulted in a biased estimate of the indenter radius. The method of estimating the lots delively cycle time can help fab managers for more precisely lots management and AMHS control. The good fitting between the experimental results and the model indicates that the model is quite accurate  , and may allow to make extrapolations to predict the actuator performance when it is scaled down to the target size for the arthroscope. For simplicity  , we consider only the angular constraints imposed by the model on the local optima; only the orientations of the local fits are affected. The data that was used in the experimental results can be obtained at https: //sourceforge.net/p/jhu-axxb/ In the AX = XB case  , for each point  , we found its closest point on the model and computed the sum squared difference between them. The maps were used to determine robot pose by fitting new sensor data to the model.  Curvature: In log-log space our data is curved as indicated by the fact that the best fitting distribution  , Zipf-Mandelbrot  , by theory has a curved form in loglog space. By fitting the output of our proposed model to the real bid change logs obtained from commercial search engines   , we will be able to learn these parameters  , and then use the learned model to predict the bid behavior change in the future. In all cases  , model fitting runtime is dominated by the time required to generate candidate graphs as we search through the model parameter space. We generate 20 randomly seeded synthetic graphs from each model for each target graph  , and measure the differences between them using several popular graph metrics. Fitting an OODB or repository into an existing object model is a delicate activity  , which we explain in detail. By fitting two of the constants in the impact model which consist of various mass and geometric terms  , we obtained a usable model of impact which predicted average initial translation velocities to within 5 to 15 percent  , initial rotational velocities to within 30 percent. We quantify the reconstruction by fitting the model to the new computed point set and finding a normalized metric. If we assume a too complex model  , where each data point essentially has to be considered on its own  , we run the risk of over fitting the model so that all variables always look highly correlated. Furthermore  , we evaluate the reliability of our models  , since AUC can be too optimistic if the model is overfit to the dataset. Commonly made assumptions  , though reasonable in the context of workflow mining  , do clearly not hold for a dependency model of a distributed system  , nor do they seem fitting for a single user session. For this reason   , the model LFSs are placed in the LFS list of the model database in descending order of the area of the surface to which they correspond. The technique works by augmenting the existing observational data with unobserved  , latent variables that can be used to incrementally improve the model estimate. Thus we propose to solve this problem by an iterative method  , conceptually similar to the one described by Besl 5  , which combines data classification and model fitting. Thus it cannot be said that this model would work for any soft tissue  , but rather  , soft tissues that exhibit similar characteristics to agar gel. Hence non-uniform weights could easily incur over-fitting  , and relying on a particular model should be avoided. Using the model  , we can then translate that probability into a statistically founded threshold of clicks and remove all " users " that exceed that threshold. This result indicates that most queries are noisy and strongly influenced by external events that tend to interfere with model fitting. Overall  , the models were trained with a combination of different parameter settings: 1 ,5  , 0 ,10 ,100 ,1000  , and with and without the indicator attributes. The robot control system has been synthesized in order to realize the identified expert impedance and to replicate the expert behavior. Note that our model is different from the copying models introduced by Simon 17  in that the choice of items in our model is determined by a combination of frequency and recency. The reason for fitting the less restrictive " sliding-window " model is to test whether the " full " model captures the full extent of temporal change in weights. Despite its complexity  , the LuGre dynamic friction model has been chosen in this activity to further improve the fitting between simulation and experimental results. As the number of ratings given by most users is relatively small compared with the total number of items in a typical system  , data sparsity usually decreases prediction accuracy and may even lead to over-fitting problems. Outlier removal using distributional methods proceeds by fitting a model to the observed distribution and then selecting a tail probability say 0.1% to use as a definition of an outlier. One might speculate whether embedding the IDEAL model in a less fitting strategy would have lead to the same positive results. The derivation is done by fitting 20 evenly spaced points  , each point being the number of total words versus the number of unique words seen in a collection. Given a topic relevance score  , for each query  , the score of each retrieved document in the baseline is given by the above exponential function f rank with the parameter values obtained in the fitting procedure. Regularization via ℓ 2 norm  , on the other hand  , uses the sum of squares of parameters and thus can make a smooth regularization and effectively deal with over-fitting. To further analyze the effect of covariates  , we compare the perplexity of all models in the repurchase data and the new purchase data in Table 2. related covariates in addition to fitting parameters of a conditional opportunity model for each category m. It shows the importance of considering covariates when modeling the purchase time of a follow-up purchase. If the general shape of the object is fit to some simple surface  , it should be possible to add the details of fine surface features using a simple data structure. We thus segment the color image with different resolutions see Section IV-A. As an example of what not to do  , we could take our relevant-document distribution to be a uniform distribution on the set of labeled relevant documents. The equation of each 3D line is computed by fitting a vertical line to the selected model points. To fit the three-way DEDICOM model  , one must solve the following minimization problem With a unique solution  , given appropriate data and adequately distinct factors the best fitting axis orientation is somewhat more likely to have explanatory meaning than one determined by  , e.g. It may be possible that one or more chunks in that window have been outdated  , resulting in a less accurate classification model. 1 measurement of respondents' sensations  , feelings or impressions Dimension reduction techniques are one obvious solution to the problems caused by high dimensionality. For the Dynamic class  , temporal models that only take into account the trend or learn to decay historical data correctly perform the best. However  , a slight drop of performance can be observed for high θ values  , because it produces a large number of pattern clusters i.e. Model Parameters.  Extensive experiments on real-world datasets convincingly demonstrate the accuracy of our models. Based on the rationale of curve-fitting models  , various alternatives to the DPM approach have been proposed and investigated 14  , 15  , 181  , but so far no superior model was reported. We thus avoid training and testing on the same dataset. We can do model selection and combination—technical details are in Appendix C. This can be performed using only data gathered online and time complexity is independent of the stream size. Words best fitting this cumulative model of user interest are used as links in documents selected by the user. From this we can also expect that the image feature extraction error is within the range 5 to 15 pixels. A reconstructed 3D model of the object is computed by fitting superquadrics to the data which provides us with the underlying shape and pose. We obtain results comparable to the state of the art and do so in significantly less time. Using the MATLAB profiler 5000 executions  , 1ms clock precision  , 2 GHz clock speed on standard Windows 7 OS without any code optimization  , our classifier executes in 1ms per AE hit on average. This fitting method makes the edge of the model more smooth and more approximate to that of the part than the zero-order-hold  , and makes using thicker material possible. The last line is explicitly fitting a mixedeffects model using the function lme in the nlme package. A model fitting the re-centered data then shows the effect of the varying IV on the DV with respect to the different levels of the re-centered IVs. However  , since this increases the dimensionality of the feature space—which makes it sparser—it also makes the classification problem harder and increases the risk of over-fitting the data. In such a scenario  , it is not sufficient to have either one single model or several completely independent models for each placing setting that tend to suffer from over-fitting. In this context  , we have modeled skills by adopting an explicitly different model fitting strategy that is based on the entropies obtained from multiple demonstrations. Because it is easier to express the metric error for the branch fitting than for the sub-branch finding  , 30 trials were first run on simulated branches with no sub-branches. This first segmentation may contain some errors  , e.g. Since we are dealing with sparse depth data  , it is further desirable to have as large segments as possible -otherwise model fitting becomes impracticable due to lack of data inside segments. To find the total fit error over all segments for a collection of arbitrary planes  , we add a Lagrange term constraining the angles between pairs of fitting planes to equal the angles between corresponding planes in the model. Solving the problem requires using knowledge about the system  , which enable one to handle the factors being omitted under conventional formal procedures. A modified scale space approach  , based on a line model mask with weights calculated from the line fitting mors  , is presented. Indeed  , the computational strategy adopted consists of a hierarchical model fitting  , which limits the range of labeling possibilities. One typical tree model has 10 layers and 16 terminal nodes. The main reason for this is that the number of model parameters to be learned grows in accordance with the increase of dimensionality; thus  , the acquired functions might not perform well when sorting unseen objects due to over-fitting. Table 2shows the results of fitting the Rated Clicks Model using human rated Fair Pairs data. Netflix Ratings: Within the Netflix dataset  , the results were not nearly as simple. In this sense  , the general reliability serves as a prior to reduce the over-fitting risk of estimating object-specific reliability in the MSS model. In this way  , the procedure is in fact fitting the 'mean curve' of the model distribution to the empirical subgraph frequencies. We have experimented with hill climbing in our model fitting problem  , and confirmed that it produces suboptimal results because the similarity metric dK or others is not strictly convex. On the other hand  , we are a priori not interested in an entire flow of execution and such tricky issues as mutual exclusion or repetition. The resulting transliteration model is used subsequently for that specific language pair. The more general the model  , the more effort it will expend on fitting to specific features of the training documents that will generalize to the full relevant population. Specifically  , given a user's query  , SSL sends the query to the centralized sample database and retrieves the sample ranked list with relevance score of each document. Therefore  , we propose to use a shared sparsity structure in our learning. This shows that the image-based techniques are more flexible to data fitting and local inaccuracies of the model than the geometric-based approaches  , which impose a rigid transformation . Adding more constraints to the system reduces the size of this set and permits more precise or detailed knowledge about the world. The system was developed using the Silicon Graphics software package called " Open Inventor "   , which provides high level C++ class libraries to create  , display  , and manipulate 3-D models. Table 3gives the mean estimate of r   , over 40 degrees for 9 different indenters. In the following a general expression will be given  , and then will be described how to specialize it for the two cases. Quantitative results in terms of segment magnification obtained in the second view  , fitting errors  , and surfaces types are summarized in Table I. In addition to high accuracy and robustness  , the classifier demonstrates the potential for realtime implementation with offline model parameter fitting. We use information entropy as the uncertainty measurement of the B-spline model. It should be obvious  , without going through a complex matching procedure  , that the points on the adjacent flat sueaces cannot belong to the model  , which is curved at all points. Once we have mined all frequent itemsets or  , e.g. A mathematical model was established and validated both deductively based on its geometric structure and inductively through empirical findings. As evident in Figure 5a  , the residual plot based on the confidential data reveals an obvious fanshaped pattern  , reflecting non-constant variance. It is fascinating that the typical ρ i for the individuals of seven of our eight datasets is approximately 1  , the same slope generated by the SFP model. To address this possibility of over-fitting  , we consider a second heterogeneous attrition model  , in which attrition probabilities Ri are randomly generated from the distribution of estimated attrition rates shown in Figure 1. There is large variability in the bids as well as in the potential for profit in the different auctions. This explains why our model has such an improved predictive probability than BPMF as shown above and demonstrates the importance of fitting the variance as well as the mean. The play is divided into acts in such a way that each act has a fixed set of actors participating objects fitting conveniently on the scene scenario diagram. To help mitigate the danger of over-fitting i.e. The proportion of positive examples in the annotation hierarchy subtask was low  , and for that subtask we experimented with upweighting positive training examples relative to negative ones. Second  , it is reasonable to assume that the error in each variable is independent of the error in other variables. Many robotic manipulation tasks  , including grasping   , packing  , and part fitting require geometric information on objects. -Any geometric model representation should be capable of generating the error vectors required. We have simulated the same VSA-II model under exactly the same design and operative conditions: encoder quantization  , white noise on motor torques  , torque input profiles  , polynomials used for the fitting  , etc. We speed up model fitting by considering only actors billed in the top ten and eliminating any actors who appear in only one movie. This section describes the implementation of the model fitting system and informal evaluations performed with volunteer operators. We would also have to consider 6DOF poses  , complicating the approach considerably. One of the crucial problems is where to find the initial estimates seeds in an image since their selection has a major effect on the success or failure of the overall procedure. There is a certain advantage to the use of such an entropy-based skill learning method. Taking advantage of the theorem of separated axis lo  , real-time accurate and fast collision detection among moving geometrical models can be achieved. This empirical model has been derived by fitting trends to experimental data conducted in agar gel as a tissue phantom. To overcome this shortcoming  , we propose to use a multi-stage model. Formally this corresponds to minimizing the error when each tuple is modeled by the best itemset model from the solution set. Nonetheless  , the accuracy remains stable for a wide range of k 1 values  , indicating the insensitivity of the model with respect to the choice of k 1 values. Based on the intuitions above  , we propose to do one-way ANOVA sequentially on each feature and obtain the p-value pk for F k based on the fixed e↵ect model: More importantly  , for achieving interpretability and reducing the risks of over-fitting  , we also hope that output worker subgroups are not too many. In particular  , in Figure 7awe see that for MG-LRM  , the peak appears at a higher number of iterations than the other models.  We describe a fast method for fitting the parameters of these models  , and prescriptions for picking the right model given the dataset size and runtime execution constraints. They are ultimately interested in learning the parameters controlling the model  , as well as the uncertainty associated with an incomplete raw dataset. " In other cases  , the LIWC categories were different enough from the dataset that model chose not to use topics with ill-fitting priors  , e.g. In fact  , although using small batch sizes allows the online models to update more frequently to respond to the fast-changing pattern of the fraudulent sellers   , large batch sizes often provide better model fitting than small batch sizes in online learning. Ribeiro also outlines a framework for fitting these parameters given a window of time series activity levels  , and then uses them to extrapolate and make a long term prediction of future activity levels. We also tried several other  , more complex models  , without achieving significantly better model fitting. Once one moves to the campaign level the number of terms starts to be large enough to support model fitting. Moreover  , spline and polynomial curve fitting or energy minimization techniques such as active contours and snake 4 fail to give precise baselines and there is always an inclination towards descenders in the above methods. Rank-GeoFM/G denotes our model without considering the geographical influence. An important characteristic of query logs is that the long tail does not match well the power law model  , because the tail is much longer than the one that corresponds to the power law fitting the head distribution. Our selected procedure to predict future retweet activity is summarized in resolution Δ pred   , we proceed as follows: First  , we identify the infectious rate of a tweet pt by fitting the proposed oscillatory model. The adjusted R-square  , on the other hand  , penalises R-square for the addition of regressors  , which do not contribute to the explanatory power of the model. For our sequence of models  , the cross-validated correlation and overall correlation are about the same  , giving us some assurance that the models are not over-fitting. In contrast   , we have specified in advance a single hypothesis h *   , i.e. We then fit model and frame nuisance parameters and found convergence over a wide range of initial values to B = 3.98  , nuisance angle = 36.93    , and nuisance distance = 1.11 mm. The constants σ i of the final model are intended to be universal constants that should be applicable to a wider range of parameters not explicitly tested in our experiment. A classification technique is said to suffer from overjitting when it improves performance over the training documents but reduces performance when applied to new documents  , when compared to another method. The values of this section give the ratio of the standard error of each system/topic group to the standard error of the first system/topic group. Corner landmarks in the map are found with a least-squares model fitting approach that fits corner models to the edge data in the map. This is in contrast to the more widely adopted fitting approach of ordinary least squares where only one variable in the model is assumed to contain error. Section 4 concerns the data collection and fitting procedures for computation of leg model. Hence  , the quasi-steady model we compare with only contains the translational term. All of these computations are subject t o error. In the context of variable selection  , this implies that we may line up the variables in a sequence and include them into the model in a streamwise manner without over-fitting. It is important to note  , however  , that residuals only can reveal problematic models; a random pattern only indicates lack of evidence the model is mis-specified  , not proof that it is correctly specified. We start by fitting the OLS model of income on main effects only for each variable  , using indicator variable coding for the categorical variables. In Figures 9-a and 9-b we compare  , respectively  , the histogram and the OR of the inter-event times generated by the SFP model  , all values rounded up  , with the inter-event times of the individual of Figure 1. In opposition to traditional methods aiming at fitting and sometimes forcing the content of the resources into a prefabricated model  , grounded theory aims at having the underlying model emerge " naturally " from the systematic collection  , rephrasing  , reorganisation and interpretations of the actual sentences and terms of the resources . There is considerable variation within each run -the standard deviation is as much as 15 percent in initial rotational velocity and 5 percent in initial translational velocity. While there are quasi-steady models based on 2D inviscid flow that address added mass and rotational circulation effects  , they usually involve extra fitting parameters and are not robust for large operating range. This distribution seem to follow a powerlaw distribution as we see in Figure 4and when we fit our general Figure 4: General Model: y-axis is the ratio of retweets  , and the x-axis is the number of minutes between a retweet and the original tweet. The constants K i in 6–9 were fitting parameters for the specific nondimensional data sets; they are implied functions of the dimensionless groups  , and would be different for other combinations of values. Notice that our fit is even visually very good  , and it detects seasonalities and up-or down-trends: For example   , our model fitted the success of " Wii " which launched in 2006 and apparently drew attention from the competing " Xbox " . The model used to compose a project from software changes is introduced in Section 4; Section 5 describes the result of fitting such models to actual projects; Section 6 considers ways to validate these empirical results  , and Section 7 outlines steps needed to model other software projects. The model without training is accurate for sufficiently large values of T   , but it cannot be applied for short observations because the quality of parameter fitting deteriorates  , as we showed in Sec. We now discuss how to address two practical challenges in employing our model as a prediction tool. The striking agreement between the fit model and the mean of each collection is achieved at the corresponding edge density by fitting only . Previous work 20  , 57 showed that the use of different measures can impact both the fitting and the predictive performance of the models built by GA: relative measures e.g. At close distances less than 10 cm  , the sonar sensors cannot be used for range measurement however  , with model fitting  , IR can provide precise distances  , enabling the robot to follow the wall and not having t o rely on error-prone dead-reckoning  11. While the empirical data can be readily fitted to many known parsimonious models such as power laws  , log-normal  , or exponential  , there is no guarantee that the fitted model can be used to predict the tail of the distribution or how the distribution changes with the observation window . This type of model is not new in the literature 41  , 10  but they have not been extensively studied   , perhaps due to the lack of empirical data fitting the implied distribution. We were successful in selecting similar developers: the ratio between the largest and smallest developer coefficients was 2.2  , which would mean that the least efficient developer would require 120% additional effort to make a change compared to the most efficient developer  , but Table 2: Results from model fitting. Comparing this with the errors in Table 1  , we see that in the best case this limit is nearly achieved while on average the error is twice the noise level indicating that model error does exist and it is on the same order of magnitude as the noise. In addition to the exploitation of the entire eigensystem of the segment fits and the expression of the model in a view-invariant form  , there are several other differences between our approach and that of Bolle and Cooper.2 We use general quadrics instead of restricting the form of the fitting functions to cylinders and spheres. Their additional restriction gives tighter fits to segments that are of fixed " optimal " size. We therefore evaluate the temporal correlation and the two derivative models by comparing 1 the quality of the summaries generated from these models and 2 their utility towards finding additional tweets from the tweet sample that are related to the event and yet do not contain the keywords from the original queries. Importantly  , the evidence does show that document encoders are evaluating the advantages of the XML standard e.g. The Bernoulli parameter pr ,u in our model  , however  , is specific to a rank r and a user u  , thus leaving more flexibility for setting different hypothesized values for simulation or fitting empirical parameters from log data. To be able to rank a document we needed to specify both the relevant and irrelevant probability distributions for a term  , so we need priors for both. Third  , using the position and orientation of the best leaf candidate  , the robot moves the camera system closer to it to obtain a more detailed view  , which is used to obtain a better model and eventually separate different leaves. Using the above mapping  , the remaining parameter of the amplifier model eq 4a  , internal resistance  , was determined by fitting estimated terminal voltage during an experiment to actual  , using the MATLAB" To calculate the estimated motor current  , the output of eq 3 was fit to the real motor current using actual terminal voltage. Then  , the actual existence of the contour feature is verified by determining disparity between F  , and the content of CW. That is  , we assume individuals have attrition rates that are randomly drawn from this estimated population distribution  , and define the probability of observing a completed chain ω of length Lω to be To address this possibility of over-fitting  , we consider a second heterogeneous attrition model  , in which attrition probabilities Ri are randomly generated from the distribution of estimated attrition rates shown in Figure 1. the jackknife standard errors indicated that a difference of this size was not large enough to be distinguishable from random fluctuations i.e. It is evident that natural language texts are highly noisy and redundant as training data for statistical classification  , and that applying a complete mathematical model to such noisy and redundant data often results in over-fitting and wasteful computation in LLSF. Specifically   , even after being learned on a wealth of training data for a user  , the system could suffer from over-fitting and " cold-start " problem for new visitors the Web site. In our case  , we use global topics and background topics to factor out common words. ECOWEB discovered the following important patterns:  Long-term fitting: Figure 1a shows the original volume of the four activities/keywords as circles  , and our fitted model as solid lines. Two questions must be answered to use this approach: i what family of distributions is used a modeling question  , and ii which distribution to choose from the family given the data a model-fitting question. For a given contour feature F and a circular window image CW  , the following method is used to determine whether C W contains an instance of F: First  , a parameter fitting technique based on moments is applied to determine the most accurate model contour F. of F type hypothetically existing in CW. The steps consist of 1 express the change in the metric in terms of a function of the means and variance of a probability density function over the metric 2 mapping the estimates from the click-based model to judgments for the metric by fitting a distribution to data in the intersection 3 computing estimates for the remaining missing values using query and position based smoothing. Theoretical calculation shows that by reducing the diameter of the disks to 4 mm and adopting the same 150 pm SMA wires  , the bending angle is still in the range f 90 " and the maximum force exertable remains substantially unchanged About 1 N vs. the 4 N generated by the multi-wire configuration proposed by Grant and Hayward ~ 5 1  . They considered that there were other ways of representing the same texts using different markup languages and that limitations in the Consortium's view needed to be evaluated: Fit for purpose as it emerges here is not about fitting a model or matching a markup language to the requirements of specific projects  , it is a general quality of fitness to the strategic objectives for documentation over time. The intersection is the portion of the query-URL pairs that we have both editorial judgments and the user browsing model estimates . One explanation for these features not helping in our experiments may have been due to over-fitting the model on the relatively small data set. Run dijkstra search from the final node as shown in Fig.6. Run dijkstra search from the initial node as shown in Fig.5.2. Thus  , Dijkstra quickly becomes infeasible for practical purposes; it takes 10 seconds for 1000 services per task  , and almost 100 seconds for 3000 services per task. There are  , however  , important differences. For each node  , add the costs computed by the two dijkstra searches. Dijkstra's point was important then and no less significant now. Boolean assertions in programming languages and testing frameworks embody this notion. Selected statistics can be found in Table 2. These operations are executed through the standard semaphore technique Dijkstra DijSS using only one lock type. The language was influenced significantly by the Dijkstra " guarded command language " 4 and CSP lo . This approach provides a clean  , powerful method for working with a program specification to either derive a program structure which correctly implements the specification  , or just as important to identify portions of the specification which are incomplete or inconsistent. This heuristic only searches over the 2D grid map of the base layer with obstacles inflated by the base inner circle. The robot in this comparison is a differentially driven wheelchair and the lower bound eq. The Reverse Dijkstra heuristic is as described in Section 3.2.3 and shows significant improvement. The VLBG creates a graph where each node corresponds to a state that the vehicle may visit. The heuristic for the planner uses a 2D Dijkstra search from the goal state. Using Dijkstra or other graph searching methods  , a path between the start and goal configuration is then easily found. Finally  , the GETHEURISTIC function is called on every state encountered by the search. The robot then uses a Dijkstra-based graph search 20 to find the shortest path to the destination. Program building blocks are features that use AspectJ as the underlying weaving technology . The colors have the following semanticsWhen marking is over  , all the reachable objects have been detected as such and examined  , and are therefore black. The runtime of Dijkstra significantly increases  , as the number of services per task increases. The purpose of this circular region is to maintain an admissible heuristic despite having an underspecified search goal. On the contrary  , the " shortest path " also called " geodesic " or " Dijkstra "  distance between nodes of a graph does not necesarily decrease when connections between nodes are added  , and thus does not capture the fact that strongly connected nodes are closer than weakly connected nodes. In any case  , whichever way has been followed to actually build the program  , it is illuminating to be able to study and examine it by increasing levels of details at the reader's convenience. As a consequence our ability to manage large software systems simply breaks down once a certain threshold complexity is approached. In his 1968 letter  , Dijkstra noted that the programmer manipulates source code as a way to achieve a desired change in the program's behaviour; that is  , the executions of the program are what is germane  , and the source code is an indirect vehicle for achieving those behaviours. We are reaching the point where we are willing to tie ourselves down by declaring in advance our variable types  , weakest preconditions  , and the like. The third component is identification of documents for human relevance assessment. No one advocates or teaches this style of description  , so why do people use it instead of the more precise vocabulary of computer science ? One of the ways in which object-oriented programming helps us to do more  , to cope with the everincreasing variety of objects that our programs are asked to manipulate  , is by encouraging the programmer to provide diverse objects with uniform protocol. Their method  , called Horizontal Decomposition HD  , decomposes programs hierarchically a la Dijkstra 11 using levels of abstraction and step-wise refinement. If the precomputations would have to be run often  , we suggest not using the precomputations and instead running the Dijkstra search in AFTERGOAL with an unsorted array Section IV-B.1. We found that this makes all methods slower by 0.02s but it avoids the need for precomputation. While this heuristic captures some information about obstacles in the environment  , it does not account for the orientation of the robot. We used the idea of motion compression in order to apply Dual Dijkstra Search to motion planning of 7 DOF arm. The latter corresponds to placing a state-dependent conditions akin to Dijkstra guards on the servicing of PI operation 12 HRT-UML draws from the Ravenscar Profile the restrictions on the use of these invocation constraints. E. W. Dijkstra  , in his book on structured pro- gramming 7   , describes a backtracking solution with pruning   , which we implemented in Java for the purpose of our experiment. We will see that there is a direct route from Newton via Dijkstra to the programme put forward by Gaudel and her collaborators 7 ,8. Accordingly  , the marking agent successively examines all the reachable objects  , In order to remember which objects have already been examined  , and which ones still need to be  , the agent uses three color marking  , a method introduced by Dijkstra et al. The current implementation of the VLBG it is based upon a graph search technique derived from Dijkstra search. Depending on the result of the graph search  , the robot will approach and follow another street repeat the corresponding actions in the plan  , or stop if the crossing corresponds to the desired destination. We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. The automatic generation of weakest assumptions has direct application to the assume-guarantee proof; it removes the burden of specifying assumptions manually thus automating this type of reasoning. We will briefly examine why these ideas are misguided based as they are on intuition about the nature of testing and how they may be reformulated to take account of scientific principles. This is shown in Figure 2c  , where a state with a smaller Dijkstra distance heuristic was sampled in the narrow passage. Algebraic axioms are particularly apt for describing the relationships between operations and for indicating how these operations are meant to be used. We also foresee that pruned landmark trees could be dynamically updated under edge insertions and deletions using techniques similar to those outlined in Tretyakov et al. The methods were presented for the case of undirected unweighed graphs  , but they can be generalized to support weighted and directed graphs by replacing BFS with Dijkstra traversal and storing two separate trees for each landmark – one for incoming paths and another for outgoing ones. To make software evolution easier  , Dijkstra 9 and Parnas 18 recommended that any particular program be developed as though it is a member of a family of potential programs that share some common properties  , facilitated through appropriate abstraction of these commonalities. Among the more important concepts in systems  , languages  , and programming methodology during the last several years are those of data type Hoare 72  , clean control structure Dijkstra 72  , Hoare 74  , and capability-based addressing Fabry 74. It was pointed out by Dijkstra that the structural complexity of a large software system is greater than that of any other system constructed by man 3  , and that man's ability to handle complexity is severely limited DI ,D2. The common thread here is that the most plausible experiments are on real or realistic data; search tasks such as to find the documents on computer science in a collection of chemical abstracts seeded with a small number of articles by Knuth and Dijkstra are unlikely to be persuasive Tague-Sutcliffe  , 1992. The concept of program families evolved into the notion that reusable assets focused on a well-defined domain  , in the context of a domain-specific architecture  , show more promise in reducing development time 2 ,6 ,22. This ratio inand hence ~speedupnducsll~thesquarerootoftheradiusofthe largest domain  , and hence our earlier observation that the benefit of our scheme decreases as the domains am made bigger by decreasing the total manber of domains. These concepts are contributing to an increasingly coherent object-oriented view of programming  , manifested in the language developments of the Alphard and CLU groups Jones/Liskov 76  , in the systems work of Hydra at Carnegie-Mellon Wulf 74  , Wulf 75 and similar systems e.g. Section 4 defines CyCLaDEs model. CyCLaDEs source code is available at: https://github.com/pfolz/cyclades 3 . If the structure exceeds w entries  , then CyCLaDEs removes the entry with the oldest timestamp. The setup environment is composed of an LDF server  , a reverse proxy and different number of clients. More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. Section 3 describes the general approach of CyCLaDEs. Section 5 reports our experimental results. Figure 3b describes the results obtained with CyCLaDEs activated. Figure 5 shows that performances of CyCLaDEs are quite similar. The main contributions of the paper are: More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. We extended the LDF client 2 with the CyCLaDEs model presented in Sect. Each single user  , and each community of users  , can dynamically activate its own/shared working space. The current release of the CYCLADES system does not fully exploit the potentiality of the CS since it uses the CS only as a means to construct virtual information spaces that are semantically meaningful from some community's perspective. The requirements of both these systems highlighted the need for a virtual organization of the information space. The CYCLADES information space is thus potentially very large and heterogeneous. In particular  , in these experiments we generated randomly 200 collections using Dublin Core fields. Figure 3 shows a measure of this improvement. Finally  , Section 5 describes our future plans. Figure 3apresents results of the LDF clients without CyCLaDEs. This cache is hosted by clients and completes the traditional HTTP temporal cache hosted by data providers. In this section we exemplify what we have described so far by presenting two concrete applications in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET systems. In CyCLaDEs  , we want to apply the general approach of Behave for LDF clients. Otherwise  , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. Figure 7shows clearly that CyCLaDEs is able to build two clusters for both values of profile size. In particular  , it has been possible to: -simply organize the different user communities  , allowing for the different access rights. CYCLADES provides a suite of tools for personalizing information access and collaboration but is not targeted towards education or the uniqueness of accessing and manipulating geospatial and georeferenced content. Section 4 illustrates how this logical architecture has been implemented in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET DL systems and the advantages that the introduction of this service has brought to the their functionality. Moreover  , the list of ISs specified in the RC can be exploited by the CYCLADES search and browse services to improve their performance. Behavior cache reduces calls to an LDF server  , especially  , when the server hosts multiple datasets  , the HTTP cache could handle frequent queries on a dataset but cannot absorb all calls. CyCLaDEs aims at discovering and connecting dynamically LDF clients according to their behaviors. The CYCLADES system users do not know anything about the provenance of the underlying content. They create their own collections by simply giving a MC that characterizes their information needs and do not provide any indication about which are the ISs that store these documents. Services such as search and browse are activated on the restricted information space described by the collection  , but this is the only customization option. Despite this partial exploitation of the potential of the CS in providing virtual views of the DL  , its introduction has brought a number of other important advantages to the CYCLADES users. CYCLADES includes a recommender system that is able to recommend a collection to a user on the basis of his own profile and the collection content  , so all resources belonging to a collection are discovered together. foundation for more informed statements about the issues critical to the success of our field. For example  , Smeaton and Callan 29 describe the characteristics of personalization  , recommendation  , and social aspects in next generation digital libraries  , while 1  , 26 describe an implementation of personalized recommender services in the CYCLADES digital library environment. In this paper  , we propose CyCLaDEs an approach that allows to build a behavioral decentralized cache hosted by LDF clients. In this paper  , we presented CyCLaDEs  , a behavioral decentralized cache for LDF clients. By reducing the information space to a meaningful subset  , the collections play the role of a partitioning query as described in 10  , i. e. they define a " searchable " subset of the documents which is likely to contain the desired ones. The SCHOLNET CS provides  , in addition to the advantages that have been discussed for CYCLADES a number of other specific advantages that derive from the combination of the collection notion with the specific SCHOLNET functionality. We consider the CS we described in this paper as a first prototype of a more general " mediator infrastructure service " that can be used by the other DL services to efficiently and effectively implement a dynamic set of virtual libraries that match the user expectations upon the concrete heterogeneous information sources and services. ADEPT supports the creation of personalized digital libraries of geospatial information  " learning spaces "  but owns its resources unlike in G-Portal where the development of the collection depends mainly on users' contributions as well as on the discovery and acquisition of external resources such as geography-related Web sites. CYCLADES 3 is an OAI 6 service provider that implements an open collaborative virtual archive service environment supporting both single scholars as well as scholarly communities in carrying out their work. The Collection Service described here has been experimented so far in two DL systems funded by the V Framework Programme  , CYCLADES IST-2000-25456 and SCHOLNET IST-1999-20664  , but it is quite general and can be applied to many other component-based DL architectural frameworks. Here  , graph equality means isomor- phism. Where TSV means Term Selection Value that is used to rank terms. a variable for the solving method. it contains only diagonal elements. Steady trending means a good performance on model robustness. A smaller k value means that the expanded query terms are less important. We now examine the bid variation in accounts. ∩ f k − → r  , which describe the training data by means of feature-relevance associations. That means a cloned h-fragment of a k-fragment must have its size h in the range This implies kσ ≤ h ≤ k/σ. Figure 1 depicts the investigated scenario. The extra cost incurred by this extension involves storing additional information. As we increase σ k   , the performance in both Figure first increases and thereafter declines slightly. Thus the complexity of computing one context-aware rating is exponential in the number of modes and polynomial in the number of factors. Figure 5shows the experimental results. K w : This database models the plan-time effects of sensing actions with binary outcomes. K- Means will tend to group sequences with similar sets of events into the same cluster. By changing the parameter k  , we can realize the variable viscosity elements. This means that blog posts are modeled using a single QLM. This means that for k quality attributes  , Note that values 2  , 4  , 6  , and 8 represent compromises between these preferences. Intuitively this means that some classification information is lost after C  , is eliminated. Standalone localization means that each robot estimates its position using its exteroceptive sensors data collected from the fixed beacons located in the evolution area. between the power of a matrix and its spectral information e.g. Schematically  , preservation means that the state of ω stays within the same ≡ I -equivalence class. O having overlapping sources of inconsistencies means that K ∩ K = ∅. When two sets of inconsistent axioms are overlapping  , it indicates that certain axioms contribute more to the inconsistencies and these axioms are possibly more problematic than others. Virtual targets are predicted using input-output maps implemented efficiently by means of a k-d tree short for k-dimensional tree a  , 91. This implies that M F k is also aperiodic and together with irreducibility this means that M F k is ergodic. This can be seen based on the following two observations: The rationale behind these operations is that the K-γoverlap graph of P can be transformed into the K-γ-overlap graph of p by means of these operations. As mentioned earlier  , X k ,j denotes the corresponding user feature vector. Put simply  , the private data set is modified so that each record is indistinguishable from at least k − 1 other records. This means that our current implementation only approximates the top-k items. This means that we would do EA_LB_Keogh 2k-1 times  , without early abandoning. Variable reduction is illustrated in example 3. are non-negative  , it means there is a solution for candidate migration. This means that there are less than k objects in our constrained region. The repetitive controller then try to cancel this non-periodic disturbance after one period in order to bring E r k to zero. This means that the user has seen at least 3 different values for the same d − k combination key and potential tracker respectively. Clustered multi-index. We can observe that the prediction accuracy increases first when k increases and then becomes stable or even slightly decreases when k > 30 for all three groups of experiments. Mandelbrot noticed extreme variability of second empirical moments of financial data  , which could be interpreted as nonexistence of the theoretical second moments  , i.e. This means that This means that the descendants of v h share at least a node with the descendants of v k but they do not belong to the same subtree. Such collections of values give anonymity to secret associations. In the final  , a single point pi of the calligraphic character can be represented as a 32 dimensional vector. At execution time  , the planner will have definite information about f 's value. Compared with the baseline  , the performances for all K > 1 were significantly improved  , and the best performance was obtained when using K = 500. This fact means that these two categories are strongly connected to haptic information  , and granularities of these categories are different. by the means ofˆcofˆ ofˆc i and T k   , before being projected into the corresponding image. That means as long as the cut-point k 1 is within the tolerance range we consider the term as similar  , outside the tolerance range it is dissimilar. Roughly speaking  , k-anonymity means that one can only be certain that a value is associated with one of at least k values. It means that outside users can never make sure which one of k property values an entity e is certainly associated with  , except when they are be able to exclude k − 1 values from them using some external knowledge . This means we can only include targets for which our methods find at least K source candidates which naturally shrinks the set of test targets. The above EM procedure is ensured to converge  , which means that the log-likelihood of all observed ratings given the current model estimate is always nondecreasing. The value of Qo is similarly an increasing function of K which in this case means that as K increases the range of batch sizes over which the GS policy is more desirable increases. This result corresponds to the feature as mentioned in Section 4.1. The vector of parameters to be optimised is given byˆP by the means ofˆcofˆ ofˆc i and T k   , before being projected into the corresponding image. This section is divided into four subsections. That means watermarking object should have the largest number of 16xl6 macro blocks. When k increases  , the optimal b becomes negative . This means that RCDR successfully preserved information useful for estimating target orders. The second parameter to be tested is the opinion similarity function. The main result is that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropybased LSH methods to achieve various search quality levels and it is more time efficient than the entropy-based LSH method. The entropy-based LSH method is likely to probe previously visited buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method always visits new buckets. The results show that the multi-probe LSH method is significantly more space efficient than the basic LSH method. This section provides a brief overview of LSH functions  , the basic LSH indexing method and a recently proposed entropy-based LSH indexing method. Table 2 shows the average results of the basic LSH  , entropybased LSH and multi-probe LSH methods using 100 random queries with the image dataset and the audio dataset. To achieve over 0.9 recall  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 while achieving similar time efficiencies. The space efficiency implication is dramatic. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features  , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. We have experimented with different number of hash tables L for all three LSH methods and different number of probes T i.e. The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. Our experimental results show that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropy-based LSH methods to achieve desired search accuracy and query time. It also shows that the multi-probe method is better than the entropy-based LSH method by a significant factor. It shows that for most recall values  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the basic LSH method by an order of magnitude. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space  , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. In all cases  , the multi-probe LSH method has similar query time to the basic LSH method. In comparison with the entropy-based LSH method  , multi-probe LSH reduces the space requirement by a factor of 5 to 8 and uses less query time  , while achieving the same search quality. To compare the two approaches in detail  , we are interested in answering two questions. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. LSH is a promising method for approximate K-NN search in high dimensional spaces. Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method  , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. For the image dataset  , the Table 2: Search performance comparison of different LSH methods: multi-probe LSH is most efficient in terms of space usage and time while achieving the same recall score as other LSH methods. By picking the probing sequence carefully  , it also requires checking far fewer buckets than entropy-based LSH. Instead of generating perturbed queries  , our method computes a non-overlapped bucket sequence  , according to the probability of containing similar objects. ever developed a LSHLocality Sensitive Hashing based method1  to perform calligraphic character recognition. higher Max F 1 score than ANDD-LSH-Jacc  , and both outperform Charikar's random projection method. We emphasize that our focus in this paper is on improving the space and time efficiency of LSH  , already established as an attractive technique for high-dimensional similarity search. We see that our method strictly out-performs LSH: we achieve significantly higher recall at similar scan rate. We use LSH for offline K-NNG construction by building an LSH index with multiple hash tables and then running a K-NN query for each object. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: We use plain LSH 13  rather than the more recent Multi- Probing LSH 17 in this evaluation as the latter is mainly to reduce space cost  , but could slightly raise scan rate to achieve the same recall. For each dataset  , the table reports the query time  , the error ratio and the number of hash tables required  , to achieve three different search quality recall values. multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the entropy-based approach by a factor of 7.0  , 5.5  , and 6.0 respectively for the three recall values  , while reducing the query time by half. The entropy-based LSH method generates randomly perturbed objects and use LSH functions to hash them to buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method uses a carefully derived probing sequence based on the hash values of the query object. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. However  , this method does not use task-specific objective function for learning the metric; more importantly  , it does not learn the bit vector representation directly. Experimental studies show that this basic LSH method needs over a hundred 13 and sometimes several hundred hash tables 6 to achieve good search accuracy for high-dimensional datasets. The multi-probe LSH method proposed in this paper is inspired by but quite different from the entropybased LSH method. Finally  , we give the recognition result based on the searching results. It is a big step for calligraphic character recognition. We have implemented the entropy-based LSH indexing method. The default probing method for multi-probe LSH is querydirected probing. Intuitively  , increases as the increase of   , while decreases as the increase of . Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 13  is a promising method for approximate K- NN search. Besides the random projections of generating binary code methods  , several machine learning methods are developed recently. The basic method uses a family of locality-sensitive hash functions to hash nearby objects in the high-dimensional space into the same bucket. We found that although the entropybased method can reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method  , significant improvements are possible. The results in Table 2also show that the multi-probe LSH method is substantially more space and time efficient than the entropy-based approach. The basic LSH indexing method 17 only checks the buckets to which the query object is hashed and usually requires a large number of hash tables hundreds to achieve good search quality. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects  , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. Our evaluation shows that the multi-probe LSH method substantially improves over the basic and entropy-based LSH methods in both space and time efficiency. However  , due to the limitation of random projection  , LSH usually needs a quite long hash code and hundreds of hash tables to guarantee good retrieval performance. We compare our new method to previously proposed LSH methods – a detailed comparison with other indexing techniques is outside the scope of this work. Ideally  , we would like to examine the buckets with the highest success probabilities. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 24  , which contains images crawled from the web. Also note that the space cost of LSH is much higher than ours as tens of hash tables are needed  , and the computational cost to construct those hash tables are not considered in the com- parison. However  , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic  , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory  , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. For even larger datasets  , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . Spectral hashing SH 36  uses spectral graph partitioning strategy for hash function learning where the graph is constructed based on the similarity between data points. First  , when using the same number of hash tables  , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need  , compared with the entropy-based approach ? Locality sensitive hashing LSH  , introduced by Indyk and Motwani  , is the best-known indexing method for ANN search. Acknowledgments. This paper presents the multi-probe LSH indexing method for high-dimensional similarity search  , which uses carefully derived probing sequences to probe multiple hash buckets in a systematic way. Then the LSH-based method will be used to have a quick similarity search. Thus  , we utilize LSH to increase such probability. Note that one can always apply binary LSH on top of a metric learning method like NCA or LMNN to construct bit vectors. The dataset sizes are chosen such that the index data structure of the basic LSH method can entirely fit into the main memory. Figure 10shows that the search quality is not so sensitive to different K values. As we will show  , our method has better performance characteristics for retrieval and sketching under some common conditions. By probing multiple buckets in each hash table  , the method requires far fewer hash tables than previously proposed LSH methods. Our results show that the query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the simple  , step-wise sequence. These machine learning methods usually learn much more compact codes than LSH since they are more complicated. One of the well-known uni-modal hashing method is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 2  , which uses random projections to obtain the hash functions. On the other hand  , when the same amount of main memory is used by the multi-probe LSH indexing data structures  , it can deal with about 60- million images to achieve the same search quality. An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. The intention of the method is to trade time for space requirements. This is because that using the LSH-based method for similarity searching greatly reduced the time of  was about 0.004 second in our experiment  , which is very time-consuming in Yu's because it calculate the skeleton similarity between the input calligraphic character and all the candidates in the huge CCD. This method does not make use of data to learn the representation. Although LSH can be applied on the projected data using a metric learned via NCA or LMNN  , any such independent two stage method will be sub-optimal in getting a good bit vector representation. To achieve high search accuracy  , the LSH method needs to use multiple hash tables to produce a good candidate set. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 7 constitutes an established method for hashing items of a high-dimensional space in such a way that similar items i.e. Figure 8 shows some recognition results of five different calligraphic styles using our LSH-based method. As we know  , most calligraphic characters in CCD were written in ancient times  , most common people can't recognize them without the help of experts  , so we invited experts to help us build CCD. In our system  , we use a standard Jaccard-based hashing method to find similar news articles. The probability that the two hash values match is the same as the Jaccard similarity of the two k-gram vectors . Since the similarity functions that our learning method optimizes for are cosine and Jaccard  , we apply the corresponding LSH schemes when generating signatures. Each perturbation vector is directly applied to the hash values of the query object  , thus avoiding the overhead of point perturbation and hash value computations associated with the entropy-based LSH method. For the entropybased LSH method  , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset. A sensitivity question is whether this approach generates a larger candidate set than the other approaches or not. Baselines: We compare our method to two state-of-theart FSD models as follows. For methods SH and STH  , although these methods try to preserve the similarity between documents in their learned hashing codes  , they do not utilize the supervised information contained in tags. Figure 1shows how the multi-probe LSH method works. Since each hash table entry consumes about 16 bytes in our implementation   , 2 gigabytes of main memory can hold the index data structure of the basic LSH method for about 4-million images to achieve a 0.93 recall. In future we plan to make more comparison of our image representation and other descriptors  , such as SIFT and HOG. In addition  , dissimilar items are associated with the same hash values with a very low probability p 2 . In addition  , the construction of the index data structure should be quick and it should deal with various sequences of insertions and deletions conveniently. The key idea is to hash the points using several hash functions so as to ensure that  , for each function  , the probability of collision is much higher for objects which are close to each other than for those which are far apart. Then we run another three sets of experiments for MV-DNN. As pointed out by Charikar 5   , the min-wise independent permutations method used in Shingling is in fact a particular case of a locality sensitive hashing LSH scheme introduced by Indyk and Motwani 12. Also  , our method performs well in recognition rate and show robustness in different calligraphic styles. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces  , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. For our proposed approach  , for both Apps and News data sets  , we first run three sets of experiments to train single-view DNN models  , each of which corresponds to a dimension reduction method in Section 6 SV-TopK ,SV-Kmeans and SV-LSH. We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. Often  , the structure of the game is preprogrammed and a game theory based controller is used to select the agent's actions. Moreover  , game theory has been described as " a bag of analytical tools " to aid one's understanding of strategic interaction 6. Game theory assumes that the players of a game will pursue a rational strategy. The game theory based research lays the foundation for online reputation systems research and provides interesting insights into the complex behavioral dynamics. The types of games examined as part of game theory  , however  , tend to differ from our common notion of interactive games. Game theory based robot control has similarly focused on optimization of strategic behavior by a robot in multi-robot scenarios. Games such as Snakes and Ladders  , Tic-Tac-Toe  , and versions of Chess have all been explored from a game theory perspective. Game theory provides a natural framework for solving problems with uncertainty. 243–318 for an introduction. Most applications of game theory evaluate the system's performance in terms of winning e.g. Interdependence theory  , a type of social exchange theory  , is a psychological theory developed as a means for understanding and analyzing interpersonal situations and interaction 4. There are many different types of solution concepts in game theory  , the Nash Equilibrium being the most famous example of a solution concept. Tschang also developed a grounded theory of creativity in game development 16 and a theory of innovation 17. Most robotics related applications of game theory have focused on game theory's traditional strategy specific solution concepts 5. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios  , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought l  , 9  , lo . A game is a formal representation of a strategic interaction among a set of players. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios   , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought 5. The use of interdependence theory is a crucial difference between this work and previous investigations by other researchers using game theory to control the social behavior of an agent. Because it assumes that individuals are outcome maximizing  , game theory can be used to determine which actions are optimal and will result in an equilibrium of outcome. Then we argue its asynchronous convergence using game theory. The notation presented here draws heavily from game theory 6. She enters a query on game theory into the ScholarLynk toolbar. This approach assumes a competitive game that ensures safety by computing the worst case strategies for the pursuer and evader. Very little work has examined the use of game theory as a means for controlling a robot's interactive behavior with a human. But theories of evolutionary learning or individual learning do. Game theory has been the dominant approach for formally representing strategic inter‐ action for more than 80 years 3. Continued growth depends on understanding the creative motivations and challenges inherent in this industry  , but the lack of collections focused on game development documentation is stifling academic progress. We then consider the noncooperative game theoretic method  , in which each link update its persistent probability using its own local information. The question of interest in cooperative and competitive games is what strategies players should follow to maximize the expected payoff. As a branch of applied mathematics  , game theory thus focuses on the formal consideration of strategic interactions  , such as the existence of equilibriums and economic applications 6. This work attempts to combine these approaches thus exploiting both the strong economical background used by game theory to model the relations that define competitive actions  , as well as sophisticated data mining models to extract knowledge from the data companies accumulate. Lee and Hwang attempt to develop a concep‐ tual bridge from game theory to interactive control of a social robot 11. Games in game theory tend to encompass limited interactions over a small range of behaviors and are focused on a small number of well-defined interactions. We will give a brief overview of game theory  , mechanism design  , probability  , and graph theory. Related problems have been considered in dynamic game theory  , graph theory  , computational geometry  , and robotics. In 24  , a theory of learning interactions is developed using game theory and the principle of maximum entropy; only 2 agent simulations are tested. Similarly  , the work of 25 leverages IRL to learn an interaction model from human trajectory data. Game theory and interdependence theory Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Game theory also explores interaction. data mining and game theory have been used to describe similar phenomena  , but with limited interaction between each other. Third  , our proposed model leads to very accurate bid prediction . Internet advertising is a complex problem. As an example  , stochastic uncertainty in sensing and control can be introduced 7  , 111. Game-theory representations have been used to formally represent and reason about a number of interactive games 13. Moreover  , our own results have demonstrated that outcome matrices degrade gracefully with increased error 18. The concept of trust towards a robot  , however  , even when simplified in an economic game seems to be much more complex. Game theory  , however  , is limited by several assumptions  , namely: both individuals are assumed to be outcome maximizing; to have complete knowledge of the game including the numbers and types of individuals and each individual's payoffs; and each individual's payoffs are assumed to be fixed throughout the game. Other disciplines that promise to support for a better grounded discipline of CSD for business value include utility theory  , game theory  , financial engineering e.g. Philanthropies  , universities  , militaries and other important institutions do not take market value as a metric. We remind the reader that the generalized upon the strategies chosen by all the other players  , but also each player's strategy set may depend on the rival players' strategies. For example  , in Figure 1suppose that another liberal news site enters the fray. The imitation game balances the perceived challenges with the perceived skills of the child and proves to be challenging for the children. Our own work has centered on the use of the normal-form game as a representation and means of control for human-robot interaction 12. Although we have framed the issue in terms of a game  , pure game theory makes no predictions about such a case  , in which there are two identical Nash equilibriums. In contrast  , interactive games like Monopoly and poker offer players several different actions as part of a sequential ongoing interaction in which a player's motives may change as the game proceeds or depend on who is playing. It is suspected that the trust exhibited in this game was partly related on how people perceive the robot from a game theory perspective  , in which the 'smart' thing to do is to send higher amounts of money in order to maximize profit. Each game instruction had a 15 % chance of being incorrect translation error rate. The design includes the assignment of an appropriate set of admissible strategies and payoff functions to all players. A solution is in Nash equilibrium if each player has chosen a strategy that is the best response to the strategies of all other players. The motion planning problem can be formulated as a twoperson zero sum game l in which the robot is a player and the obstacles and the other robots are the adversary . Recently this approach has resulted in tremendous advances in the quality of play in information imperfect games such as poker 6. Inoculation has also been studied in the game theory literature. Table 5shows the ten most relevant records in the " game theory " topic. The methods used to represent these games are well known. This is a good example of leveraging machine learning in game theory to avoid its unreasonable assumptions . Bavota and colleagues proposed refactoring detection techniques by using semantic measure- ment 7 and game theory 8. BeneFactor 15  and WitchDoc- tor 12 detect ongoing manual refactorings in order to finish them automatically. Other related recent works include the use of game theory for conflict resolution in air traffic management 4. F'urthermore   , additional structure from modern game theory can be incorporated. Game theory researchers have extensively studied the representations and strategies used in games 3. Fortunately  , game theory provides numerous tools for managing outcome uncertainty 6. This work is structured as follows. Representing games as graphs of abstract states or positions has been a common practice in combinatorial game theory and computer science for decades 15  , 14 . The minimal quotient strategies are equivalent to the nondominated strategies used in multiobjective optimization and Pareto optimal strategies used in cooperative game theory. ScholarLynk searches Bing  , Google Scholar  , DRIVER  , and CiteULike in parallel  , showing the results grouped by the search providers in a browser window. Social interaction often involves stylized patterns of interaction 1. Several different categories of games exist 3. Apart from the continuous and discrete paradigms  , some emerging simulation techniques are also observed in SPS studies  , e.g. Dellarocas 5 provides a working survey for research in game theory and economics on reputation.   , Zotero  , Facebook and Twitter for relevant activities. This paper highlights the efforts of the BEAR project in multi-agent research from an implementation perspective. An interesting future direction is incorporating more theories of human motivation from psychology and human-computer interaction into formal game theory and mechanism design problems. The BErkeley AeRobot BEAR project 3  is a research effort at the University of California  , Berkeley that encompasses the disciplines of control  , hybrid systems theory  , computer vision  , isensor fusion  , communication   , game theory and mult i-agent coordination. While videogames represent an important part of our cultural and economic landscape  , deep theory development in the field of Game Studies  , particularly theory related to creativity  , is lacking. This work differs from much of current human-robot interaction research in that our work investigates theoretical aspects of humanrobot interaction. The novel contributions of this work are 5-fold: 1 We describe a game-based approach to collecting document relevance assessments in both theory and design. In graph theory  , the several interesting results have been obtained for pursuit-evasion in a graph  , in which the pursuers and evader can move from vertex to vertex until eventually a pursuer and evader lie in the same vertex 14  , 15  , 16  , 181. To copy otherwise  , or republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. An Agent-Based Simulation model is regarded as a Multi-Agent System MAS  , which is a system composed of multiple interacting intelligent agents. Researchers in fields as diverse as CSCW  , Web technologies  , crowdsourcing   , social structures  , or game theory  , have long studied them from different perspectives  , from the behaviour and level of participation of specific groups and individuals Lampe and Johnston 2005; Arguello et al. The information space is a standard representational tool for problems that have imperfect state information  , and has been useful in optimal control and dynamic game theory e.g. Similiar to interface automata 8   , UCML takes an optimistic view on compatibility   , that means  , interfaces do not have to be a perfect match to be compatible  , but in contrast to interface automata this is not achieved by finding an environment which is compatible via the game theory. Future studies will generate promising results in all aspects where both a large number of data and interaction between agents are present. A non-malicious node is the commitment type and a long-run player who would consistently behave well  , because cooperation is the action that maximizes the player's lifetime payoffs. Regarding Cloud computing  , the use of Game Theory for the resource allocation problem is investigated in 30. We proposed a game theory based approach for the run time management of a IaaS provider capacity among multiple competing SaaSs. With our game-based HIT  , we aimed to exploit this observation in order to create greater task focus than workers typically achieve on conventional HIT types. This result motivates a CS experiment where we check the correlation between TCT and performance  , completing our argument for detecting careless workers by their TCT under competition conditions. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work in Description Logics towards providing a quantitative measure of inconsistencies. At the same time  , alerts are also sent to anyone following Shaelyn or the topic of game theory about Shaelyn's new reading list. To put his theory to test  , researchers have recently used a web game that crowdsources Londoners' mental images of the city . Representations for interaction have a long history in social psychology and game theory 4  , 6. As the responses of each game partner were randomized unknowingly to the participants  , the attribution of intention or will to an opponent i.e. Characterizing predictability. Here  , the authors start from a bid proportional auction resource allocation model and propose an incomplete common information model where one bidder does not know how much the others would like to pay for the computing resource. Strategic software design is still a new area of inquiry. EDSER seeks good ideas with some plausibility and some support  , preliminary results  , well thought out but provocative positions  , and excellent introductions to and tutorials on relevant art e.g. The main contribution of this paper is twofold: we combine previously known game theory strategies into ontology reasoning and present a measure to systematically evaluate the inconsistencies in ontologies. It is variously called fitness  , valuation  , and cost. This can be considered as positive impact of the robot's behavior because according to the theory presented in 17 which is graphically summarized in Figure 2  , it is preferable to keep humans in a moderate stress level. Although  , the challenge of translating from natural language to a game theory format is beyond the scope on this article  , random errors were added to the instructions in an effort to roughly simulate the errors that would occur during translation. The mentioned appraisal variables are then used by FAtiMA to generate Joy/Distress/Gloating/Resentment/Hope/Fear emotions  , according to OCC Theory of emotions18. Game theory seems to provide a natural setting to study these types of problem  , since it has been used in the past to successfully model other uncertain systems . Companies with higher market shares are more efficient  , establishing that the most important drivers of price changes are changes in demand and competition. Problems arising in the ICT industry  , such as resource or quality of service allocation problems  , pricing  , and load shedding  , can not be handled with classical optimization approaches. The model includes infrastructural costs and revenues deriving form cloud end-users which depend on the achieved level of performance of individual requests . The power of topic modeling is that it allows users to access records across the institutional boundaries of individual repositories; in Table 5the top ten records come from five different repositories. Utility is a unifying  , if sometimes implicit  , concept in economics IO  , game theory 17  , and operations research 121  , as well as multi-robot coordination see The idea is that each individual can somehow internally estimate the value or the cost of executing an action. It is consistent with both this tradition and with the Suits gaming definition to identify these states with the general class  , state of affairs  , or with the narrower subclass of physical object configurations in space. Finally   , given the increasing ease of online experimentation  , one of the more important directions is empirically testing the efficacy of virtual incentive schemes in the wild 30  , 20. For our own research  , we plan to pursue the opportunities provided by the substantial body of work regarding the OAP that is available in other fields  , including operations research  , economics  , and game theory. 2 Based on NIST-created TREC data  , we conduct a large-scale comparative evaluation to determine the merit of the proposed method over state-of-the-art relevance assessment crowdsourcing paradigms. Our modeling approach draws on a number of theoretical bases  , including game theory 10  , 15  , programming language semantics 14  , and universal algebra 19. The number of game events in the window and duration of the window are designed to help the sifier address special cases that occur for many characters when we are predicting at the beginning of their histories. 2006  , to the characteristics of peer-production systems and information sharing repositories Merkel et al. The researchers have replicated a well-known pen-and-paper experiment online: that experiment was run in 1972 by Milgram. The remainder of the paper begins with a brief background discussion of game theory and interactive games  , followed by experiments and results. With these steps the optimal parameter setting was found and used to train the model in the remaining 80% of the sample. Instead  , it is defined by applying compatibility rules to the in-and output to expand the compatibility matching range. Such experimental evaluation may be useful despite the large amount of data from real-life auctions  , as it allows us to ask " what if " questions and to isolate different aspects of user behavior that cannot be answered based just on real-world data. The recent development of Cloud systems and the rapid growth of the Internet have led to a remarkable development in the use of the Game Theory tools. Figure 8 shows Steam Community populations for the twelve countries comprising the union of the top ten user populations and the top ten cheater populations. In companies  , however  , for more than twenty years data mining has been used to retrieve information from corporative databases  , being a powerful tool to extract patterns of customer response that are not easily observable. On the other hand  , research in economics and game theory has focused 8 on the social cost resulting from the widespread availability of inexpensive pseudonyms. This result is really interesting because it establishes a quantitative measure of the different companies' market position in a given market and goes beyond the results each single approach -data mining and game theory -could provide. In this paper we take the perspective of SaaS providers which host their applications at an IaaS provider. Repeated attempts to deflate expectations notwithstanding  , the steady arrival of new methods—game theory 13  , prediction markets 52  , 1   , and machine learn- ing 17—along with new sources of data—search logs 11  , social media 2  , 9  , MRI scans 7—inevitably restore hope that accurate predictions are just around the corner. There has been relatively little prior research on how advertisers target their campaign  , i.e. Considering all these elements  , the combination of data mining with game theory provides an interesting research field that has received a lot of attention from the community in recent years  , and from which a great number of new models are expected.